GOOD Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
GOOD A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not have created a pirate film to rival the big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up. It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out. The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant. All else is unexciting. Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no small amount of credit for being an absolute delight... and for never acting like the viewer is an idiot even as it never requires that the viewer be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details... At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't enough laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel. They needn't hurry. Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases. How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
GOOD Nothing is put together for you, but all the pieces of the puzzle are there for you to create what you want. It's refreshing to see a movie that is completely out of the box, and doesn't follow any present forumla. THE WALL is a great rock opera.
GOOD Visually stunning and disturbing, an essential midnight movie.
GOOD A stunning portrayal of a slide from isolation into madness. And the music rocks, too--bonus.
BAD One of Alan Parker's few truly bad movies.
GOOD Visually stunning yet strangely forced tale.
FAIR dated and self-aggrandizing but a watershed
BAD Good music. Sick imagery.
GOOD A midnight movie classic!
GOOD This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not too bad.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co. fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never indulged at the expense of the plot, which flies off in genuinely unexpected directions, culminating in a boundlessly inventive funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't see how anyone who enjoys their animated movies won't enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something. He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny. This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids! Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't feel produced; it feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
BAD A shockingly crass grab for holiday pocket money that's both infantile and endlessly patronising.
BAD A re-hash of tired cliches and CGI effects.
BAD That the lead character is a 'male cow' complete with udders shows how confused the picture is.
FAIR A beatifully animated simple but fun plot, carries enough giggles for all age groups.
BAD The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.
BAD Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
BAD This could be the film that snaps everyone's patience with Hollywood animations which have a Dell computer chip where their heart should be.
BAD There are far better ways of keeping the kids happy.
FAIR Good voice talent and some funny moments.
BAD It's impossible to shake the impression that Barnyard was written by idiots. Why else would the male cows have udders?
BAD The design is uninteresting, the characters are bland and the story is terrible.
BAD Strictly for kids, and, as the three or four people who saw Oedekerk's previous directing effort, Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, can attest, the writer/director tends to stretch even throwaway jokes minutes past the punch line.
FAIR Ben the Cow (the voice of Sam Elliott) has to teach his carefree son Otis (Kevin James) the responsibility of leadership over the farm animals. This is far from Otis' mind, but inevitable. Barnyard is a farm version of The Lion King with eno
FAIR There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here. Barnyard may not be all that exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.
BAD Not good enough for even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should be burned for fear of mad cow disease
BAD Barnyard doesn't know if it wants to be another tiresomely 'hip' piece of post-Shrek postmodernism or a comfortably traditional kids' movie that delivers family values without the self-conscious smirk.
BAD Could cause more gender confusion than 'Transamerica.'
FAIR All the cows have udders - even the male ones. In real life, only female cows have udders. What kind of sick, alternate cow universe does this movie take place in anyway?
BAD Barnyard is a one-note premise that falls flat after about 10 minutes.
BAD "Barnyard" doesn't stink. But it's not the cream of the crop, either.
BAD The funniest joke is the one nobody talks about: the gender confusion of male cows with udders.
BAD Barnyard isn't a complete waste of time, it's just too familiar.
BAD A Lion King clone that's tailored to the Fisher-Price crowd.
BAD With shamefully obvious nods to the father/son sentimentality of traditional Disney 'toons and even an awkward love interest, Barnyard is a mishmash of modern cartoon cliches.
BAD With 'Barnyard,' the androgynous udders, as annoying as they can be, are about the only original thing to be found in the whole movie.
BAD never really amazing enough to separate it from the rest of the herd of great animation that we've seen this summer.
BAD [W]hy do the male cows have udders?.. This isn't supposed to be the animated version of TransAmerica.
BAD doesn't just violate the audience's right to entertainment, it violates animal dignity to such an extent that PETA might want to consider getting involved
BAD The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
BAD Lesbian Cows!!! Lesbian COWS!!!! Carnivorous LESBIAN COWS!!!! Aarg!
BAD There's barely enough of a story to sustain a short film, much less a feature.
BAD Forget the confusion of the he-cows that populate the film; the real problem is that Barnyard is just a lousy, lousy movie.
BAD Udderly ordinary.
BAD Nearly every joke lays an egg.
BAD your kid won't learn anything from Barnyard, but they might need 10 years of therapy after viewing the movie's fight scenes and COYOTES ATTACKING THE FARM.
BAD Laughter comes from the movie's absurdity, not its comedy.
BAD Other than confusing children, it's hard to know what the inane, tedious, mean-spirited Barnyard is trying to do.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
FAIR ...this first half is essentially throat-clearing before the operatic finale. The pacing seems abrupt and rapid...
GOOD Extremely violent animated addition to the Batman story.
GOOD If you're a Batman fan, just hearing the words The Dark Knight Returns likely gets you excited, so this film was probably already on your radar...
GOOD DC's theatrical releases may be facing a bleak future, but titles like this remind us that their direct-to-video line is alive and well.
GOOD It's highly respectful of the work on which it is based, yet also a solidly entertaining effort in its own right.
BAD A watchable made-for-video feature...
FAIR One of the few good Scooby Doo animated movies...
FAIR Genuinely creepy Scooby outing.
GOOD Wet yourself funny. Just priceless.
GOOD An irresistable charmer.
BAD Whipping up the energy to dislike it seems entirely disproportionate to how trivial and disposable the product is.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
FAIR A fairly desperate attempt to create a plot where there's no room for one.
BAD A typically low-rent direct-to-video Disney sequel...
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not like Treasure Island when you see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens. For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
BAD Ouch. Lame Sandler attempt at holiday humor.
BAD Sentimentality and secretions, with a generous helping of blatant product placement, do not make for the most graceful of holiday entertainments.
BAD Adam Sandler's goal may have been to provide a holiday movie with Chanukah as the central celebration, but it's not suitable for children and not entertaining to most adults.
FAIR ... a story whose cleverness and meaning is sullied among horseplay we can't take the kids to see.
BAD It's about time that all the Christmas movies out there were balanced with a decent Hannukah movie. Sadly, this isn't it.
BAD ...ideal for Adam Sandler fans who were confused by Punch-Drunk Love.
FAIR Only in the world of Adam Sandler could an animated message of inter-faith holiday appreciation be mixed in with a sextet of defecating deer, a woman with three breasts and songs about hatred and drinking.
BAD Small-town goofballs, bizarre musical numbers and plenty of toilet humor -- ah, the holidays are here again.
BAD it's got all the warmth and charm of the Bataan Death March
BAD Don't let your festive spirit go this far.
BAD This movie's gotta be the result of some pot-induced wager between Adam Sandler and his nattering cronies: "Hey guys, I'm like a $20 million movie star! How freakin' FUNNY is that? I bet I can make ANY movie I want!"
FAIR Nothing but side-splitting, richly coloured, instant classic laughs -- all with the typical Sandler touch.
BAD Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire.
BAD Unlike Trey Parker, Sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny, not actually exploiting it yourself.
BAD I'd prefer to think of Sandler in Punch-Drunk Love, the one good movie of the three he did this year.
FAIR Sandler is at his best as a rage-filled jerk, and at his worst as two of the most irritating characters in all of cartoondom.
BAD There's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career.
BAD Eight Crazy Nights is a shallow, crude, mean-spirited and painfully unfunny excursion into lunacy...
BAD Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie.
BAD It ain't funny, it ain't good, and it ain't a step in the right direction for co-writer and star Sandler.
FAIR Adam Sandler's 8 Crazy Nights" is a crass, crude holiday stocking filled with disgustingly inappropriate humor.
BAD Almost as offensive as "Freddy Got Fingered."
BAD When all is said and done, [it] could have afforded another rewrite and a willingness to avoid pandering to the MPAA ratings board.
BAD Sandler is remaining true to his own traditions, although it remains to be seen whether anyone will thank him for that once they've seen the movie.
BAD The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork.
BAD It leaves no bodily fluid unexpressed, no heartstring unplucked.
BAD Irritating, boring, gross, silly.
BAD Do not, under any circumstances, consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor.
BAD Without question, it is not the major Hanukkah family classic just waiting to be made.
BAD An abomination so horrendously bad that it defies description.
BAD It's definitely not made for kids or their parents, for that matter, and I think even fans of Sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting.
BAD [T]hat fluttering sound you hear [is] just the critics' goodwill Sandler earned from Punch-Drunk Love flying out the window.
BAD A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401(k) statement.
BAD Too childish to be enjoyed by adults and too nasty to be enjoyed by the toddlers.
BAD Here's to hoping we never have to spend a 9th crazy night with Whitey, Davey, and the whole crappy gang.
BAD Every bit as violent, profane, mean-spirited and artificially sentimental as any live-action Adam Sandler movie.
FAIR The artwork is quite powerful, and it makes the drama a bit more mature than in a simpler animated cartoon.
GOOD Burton and his collaborators present a movie musical that's like nothing you've ever seen.
FAIR Visually a macabre knockout, this 75-minute fantasy boasts some of the wittiest, most vigorous stop-motion animation effects in the history of the process.
FAIR Disney's sophisticated stop-motion animation (an advanced version of techniques used to create Gumby) creates a truly breathtaking visual landscape.
GOOD Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas has a grotesque charm, a pie-eyed magic.
FAIR Macabre and astonishing.
GOOD So Burton-esque is this world that it remains baffling that he didn't direct, megaphone duties instead falling to Henry Selick.
GOOD Only the deliciously demented imagination of Edward Scissorhands director Tim Burton could have come up with such a dark vision of the holiday season.
GOOD In the 13 years since it was released to a predictably puzzled family audience, Tim Burton's macabre stop motion musical has wound its way through cult affection (and survived mall-Goth appropriation) to earn its rightful place as a genuine classic.
GOOD Tim Burton magic with just a touch of scariness.
GOOD ...endlessly delightful, even as it deals in icky bugs and severed limbs.
GOOD A work of grand visual wit, clever songs, funny gags and genuine pathos, it is perhaps the greatest stop-motion animated film ever, a painstaking style of model animation that computers have all but completely done away with.
GOOD O tom divertidamente sombrio da narrative, associado a uma direcao de arte magnifica e a otima trilha de Elfman, acaba resultando num conto de fadas que deve tanto aos Grimm quanto ao Expressionismo Alemao.
GOOD inspiring, wacky, and infused with Burton's unique romanticism suffused with, but not subsumed by, a gothic sensibility
GOOD A twisted revamp of Rankin-Bass by way of Edward Gorey. [Blu-ray]
GOOD a brilliant feat of movie making
GOOD This hugely entertaining horror fable for all the family might suffer from pacing problems, but it's also a true original that still stands out from today's CGI-heavy crowd.
GOOD The result, though refreshingly different from mainstream animated fare, is ultimately more trick than treat.
GOOD The characters are vivid and often hilariously revolting.... Visually, the film is absolutely gorgeous.
GOOD The hippest of all holiday classics, the 1993 release rendered anew in 3-D format remains a postmodern three-ring circus of morbid humor, eye-popping puppet animation and show-stopping songs.
GOOD Is it cooler than ever in 3-D? Well, sure. But essentially, it's the same movie that drew Tim Burton fans into theaters in 1993.
GOOD Concise, elegant, a tad scary, this is a treat for Halloween.
GOOD Burton's skewed vision is seamlessly realized by director Henry Selick and cleverly enhanced by Danny Elfman's songs.
FAIR The story of Jack Skellington, the Pumpkin King... is like Jack himself -- spindly and thin, but with a resounding voice.
GOOD feels like it should have always been in 3-D.
FAIR The Nightmare Before Christmas is a veritable bounty of visual delights.
GOOD Watching something like this on the big screen is always better than seeing it on DVD. Period.
GOOD Cute animated movie with a message for kids.
FAIR It's a fun adventure fantasy, and I was never bored...
BAD While the animation, particularly in the action set pieces, is indeed well done, it's nothing revolutionary nor imaginative that stands out from the rest in this CG-feature-a-week marketplace.
FAIR Ten year old Lucas Nickle ( the voice of Zach Tyler Eisen) stomps an anthill after an encounter with neighborhood bullies. With the help of a magic potion, the ants shrink the boy down to their size. The insects are about to get even and Lucas will learn
FAIR The film acknowledges that faith is an important part of our social fabric, and if the film has any moral lessons to pass on, it implicitly roots them in a spiritual foundation.
GOOD Besides keeping us entertained and occasionally thrilled, there's a nice sense that the film is actually saying something.
GOOD Enjoyable, brightly animated adventure with strong characters, superb gags and a script that isn't afraid to throw in a spot of political subtext.
BAD Writer-director John A Davis has one or two nice touches, but the film is disposable.
BAD It's not that Bully bugged me. It just never managed to fly.
BAD Just another bug movie.
FAIR It all seems very workaday.
BAD As kiddie entertainment it works well, with simple humour and lots of action. But there's not a lot to appeal to any accompanying adults.
FAIR It does have a spunky pace and the clever humor Davis' team brought to the Jimmy Neutron movie and TV series.
BAD Ant Bully, though short and well voiced, is nowhere near as important or influential as it tries to make itself seem and it feels more unnecessary than anything else.
FAIR Crawling with marvelous microcosmic animation ... A family cartoon for anyone who ever smashed an ant-pile as a kid and lived to regret it.
BAD The only thing it inspired in me was a sudden urge to spray the screen with Raid.
FAIR Families should swarm to "The Ant Bully.
FAIR Since it's hot out, and worth a matinee, take the kiddies.
BAD Burdened by a distinctly "been there, done that" vibe that I can't imagine will generate much excitement, even with the kiddies.
BAD It's not a lot more than the movie that came out between last week's Monster House and next week's Barnyard.
FAIR There's quite a bit of inventiveness here, which I found myself getting caught up in, even though it was a foregone conclusion where the film was heading.
FAIR Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.
FAIR ... good family fun.
FAIR ... unnecessary ...
FAIR ... a visually inventive charmer that nimbly juggles slapstick comedy, action sequences, and coming-of-age 'life lessons' with a refreshing minimum of sap.
FAIR ... The Ant Bully is just a great ride, but all that moralizing diminishes the fun of feeling ant-sized yourself and being immersed in Lucas's incredible adventures.
FAIR The screenplay is blessedly free of mediocre songs and light on flashy pop-culture in-jokes ...
FAIR If the Ant Bully story is generic, it is never plodding. It zips along quite nicely, aided by the especially well-constructed action sequences.
FAIR [T]he movie certainly means well, and its worthwhile message (teamwork is good, selfishness is bad) should penetrate the brains of kids old enough to stay in their seats and pay attention to it.
GOOD The brilliance of The Ant Bully is in the crafty way it delves into the minds of ants as they plot to save themselves from extermination... Davis creates a marvelously labyrinthine society for them, right below the surface of a bland suburb.
FAIR The Ant Bully isn't a kid classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion until the next ant movie comes along.
FAIR Bright visuals, snappy dialogue and a smart plot make The Ant Bully a welcome summer treat.
FAIR Though the story is predictable, the message is benign, and the visuals, particularly in IMAX 3-D, are stylized and surreal.
BAD While the picture has the star power of Nicolas Cage and Julia Roberts voicing insects in love, they're not nearly as interesting a couple as Woody Allen and Sharon Stone in Antz.
BAD This generic exercise in computer-generated animation may provide passable entertainment for very young children, but adults will be less than enchanted by its preachiness, talkiness and Communist Party-line political views.
FAIR The Ant Bully does not talk down to kids or feign to talk up to their parents with pop references, though adults may be amused (or maybe not) by the Christian parallel in the ants' religion.
FAIR It would be wrong to dismiss The Ant Bully as just another bug movie.
GOOD The Ant Bully is the summer's best family movie -- funny, action-packed, sometimes disgusting, sometimes affecting.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not just Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film suffers in comparison to - even Planet 51 looks good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not just for kids, from an earnest environmental message to animation that comes alive when seen in 3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to mention an Iraq bombing reference -- are laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't dark enough for older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic. Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas. I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the upcoming 'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed. And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
BAD With a plot lacking no urgency, Shrek 3 is a well-animated film containing a few standout, but ultimately throwaway sequences that don't do enough to sustain our interest.
BAD From its humble, elegant origins as a slim children's book by William Steig, Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general.
BAD Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series. It is too often sappy, tiresome, and overblown. A franchise such as Shrek, with all the money it has accumulated, should be able to buy a little freshness and originality. But instead
BAD The best thing it has going for it is its look, which is stunning.
FAIR Though the devious wit of the original remains, it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes (courtesy of Led Zeppelin, Heart and Paul McCartney) and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula.
BAD The problem with this film is that after a quick, fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film. Except this time, Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona.
GOOD Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals.
BAD To trito sequel mias ap' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation, poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto, olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei, ap' o,ti fainetai, pia eksantlithei.
FAIR Shrek the Third, which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child's play and adult humor, creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away.
BAD It's far too open in its desires (MAKING MONEY) to be hate-worthy.
FAIR The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments.
GOOD Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence.
FAIR This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and, at times, even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding.
FAIR It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after.
BAD There can't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply doesn't achieve what the first two films managed: to appeal to kids and parents as well.
GOOD From beginning to end, it's very, very funny. Watch it. It's great.
BAD It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they're still (just about) winning.
FAIR Unfortunately, a few flashes of brilliance don't stop this being a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant first two films. don't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds.
FAIR Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they've seen it all before. Which isn't quite the fairytale ending we'd all hoped for.
FAIR There's no doubt Shrek The Third will make potloads of money. Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions. When it's good it's great. Overall, though, the magic is lacking.
BAD Shrek the Third isn't awful, but it's bland, with a barrel-scraping averageness.
BAD Children may devour the slapstick, but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour.
FAIR "Ogre and out" say the critics, but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs.
BAD A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors. Time to call time, we think.
BAD Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals, which remain predictably impressive, but in the all-important gag rate. To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
FAIR Uninspired threequel, though the animation is better than ever and there's a steady stream of chuckles, even if it does lack the magic of the previous films.
FAIR Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who, believe it or not, felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons.
FAIR Great animation and good jokes.
FAIR Yo no se si habra una Shrek 4, pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversion se mantienen no me importaria en absoluto volver a visitar ese reino muy, muy lejano.
FAIR Shrek the Third is the X-Men: The Last Stand of Shrek movies: overstuffed with characters, short and fast-paced, and overdone just enough to convince some that it's time for the series to take a rest.
FAIR [Seus] valores de producao jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador. Infelizmente, o mesmo nao pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa, que empalidece em comparacao aos capitulos anteriores.
BAD What's lacking is that intangible sense of fun, of inventiveness, of ingenuity, that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends, grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see.
BAD Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't bring shame to anyone, it doesn't bring anyone any glory either.
BAD Antonio should use his Puss n' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel.
BAD Decent, but not as good as the first two films.
BAD ...odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so...
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining. Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not only did I want to go to sleep the entire time, but I wouldn't watch this movie again if you told me my life depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy! There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, especially when they're sword fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no savvy Toy Story. It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything has just enough unassuming cleverness to keep you from checking your watch while the little people in your company get wrapped up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
FAIR Even with elbow room to spare, the series' linchpin saga will still leave you wanting more... of the Futurama of old.
FAIR Groening's notoriously prickly fanbase may well overlook the inclusion of nearly the entire extended universe of Futurama characters and focus on the negative: the warmed-over story and jokes. [Blu-ray]
GOOD more streamlined and propulsive than its predecessors
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not really bad; it's just tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't as predictable as the last. But things never do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar. ... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't want a tee shirt
FAIR don't be mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment. For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion. Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act. (Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, has the current prevailing formula nailed. Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive. Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character. And if you don't care about the characters, then everything's just a big, dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them. Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
GOOD A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
GOOD As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
GOOD Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
GOOD Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
FAIR ...far from engrossing...
GOOD Wonderful stuff.
GOOD It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
GOOD In a word: Incredible.
GOOD A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
GOOD ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
GOOD The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
GOOD Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
GOOD Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
GOOD 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
GOOD The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
GOOD [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
GOOD Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
GOOD E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
GOOD One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
GOOD Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
FAIR A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
GOOD Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
FAIR ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
FAIR Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
GOOD When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
GOOD Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
FAIR What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
GOOD Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
GOOD Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
BAD An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful. And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions. Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no internal logic. It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster. Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't have much else to offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit. Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy! Mommy! Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't really saying a whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR As the capstone to a franchise that never actually needed to be a franchise in the first place, it acquits itself tolerably well.
GOOD A reunion Aladdin fans will love.
BAD ...distinctly underwhelming...
BAD Isn't involving enough to sustain interest when the Genie is offscreen.
FAIR ...this time Robin Williams is coaxed back into the fold. Understandably, he saves what little day there is to save.
BAD ...a movie that happens before it thinks.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never less than compelling, albeit in a queasy, troubling fashion. Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a dull watch, but it doesn't pack enough of an emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising. And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch. Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, does it? Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter. He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get.
FAIR Fun superhero adventure; more action, peril than past films.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no favors, demonstrating why live action trumps animation--at least when the digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action. It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph. Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not only significantly deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the most painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story. If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not terribly attractive in telling a story more suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your local library than the screens of your local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars. A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II. True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles. They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have. Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs. Jason Vs. Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't going to the top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not terrible by any means, just completely lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never quite connects than to Jonze actually meeting his grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a coming-of-age film. It's an end-of-innocence film. And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time. You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never having read the book, it must be better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying. It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky... But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never mind the little ones. This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never grew up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year. It's just a pity he didn't make it more accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun? The book was entrancing. The book deserved better. Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it. For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange. But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it. In fact, Wild Things... I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment. It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children. And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't always a good idea. Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't even try to make itself memorable. It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees. There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who have to sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't end up hating it as much as I thought I was going to during the first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never discovers new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre. But for The Weinsteins in animation? That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
FAIR The spectacular visuals and fights are the real stars.
FAIR Veering between gleaming, clean-lined techno-lust and a punkier, junk-space aesthetic, it really is a marvel to look at: an artfully dazzling distillation of videogamey flash, proggy space-majesty and Final Fantasy flounce.
BAD This digitally animated Japanese space adventure is as po-faced as they come.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story? Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical. Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not likely to find them very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk. But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not terribly witty, and definitely not adult-oriented. But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't go deep enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo. It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely. It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't even notice that Batman's appearances are being saved only for special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
BAD ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
GOOD Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
FAIR Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
GOOD Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
FAIR For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
GOOD It's a delight.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way. In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no puedes dejar pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny. But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton. The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece. From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning. Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not think 100 minutes is an awfully long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
GOOD Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
FAIR What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
GOOD Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
GOOD The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
GOOD Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
GOOD Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
BAD ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
GOOD Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
GOOD Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
GOOD Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
GOOD Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
GOOD This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
GOOD Spirited Away is wonderful.
GOOD A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
GOOD Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
GOOD Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
GOOD I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
FAIR Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
GOOD 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
GOOD It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
GOOD The wonders never stop.
GOOD One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
GOOD A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
GOOD Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
GOOD E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" is (1) a terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to. The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' is a cheerier film than 'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie is lovely to look at; it just hasn't much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land is one sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor. Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't grow up comes off like a shrill, obnoxious little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't really care. They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version (no more racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't try to top itself, knock us over or dazzle critics. And Return to Never Land doesn't even try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR Miyazaki's appreciation of miraculous possibilities and childhood visions is what drives Totoro.
GOOD ...a clarion call for the legitimacy of imagination - not only in stories, but in the real world.
GOOD A beautifully observed film that has become a guaranteed charmer for all ages.
GOOD Not as complex or tense as Spirited Away (Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, released 13 years later). Still, few things are.
GOOD Despite the cuteness, there's little in the way of icky sentiment - indeed the spectre of death hangs over the story - but it's a captivating world you won't want to come home from.
GOOD Perfect. Simple as.
GOOD An otherworldly tale of childhood and a definitive work of imagination.
GOOD One of the best animated films ever made for families: it celebrates feminine sensitivity, the importance of the spirit world, respect for nature, and the pre-eminence of the spiritual practice of kindness.
GOOD A soft, approachable film, about simple, peaceful emotions and characters. That may sound unambitious, but it is the most ambitious thing of all.
GOOD Visually arresting and consistently compelling, this movie is magical.
GOOD Miyazaki is a genius.
GOOD The painted backgrounds are lush, realistic, and full of luxuriant foliage. The character animation, while stiff by Disney standards, is appropriate to the characters and expressive enough to bring them to life for the audience.
GOOD The beauty of My Neighbor Totoro is its simplicity. It's a warm and friendly story that just made me feel good after watching it.
GOOD A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not such a bad thing, really.
GOOD A sensibilidade ao retratar os personagens, a magia do universo concebido por Miyazaki e a qualidade impecavel da animacao fazem deste filme um classico instantaneo.
GOOD Showcases Miyazaki's delightful iconography of spirits, demons, and wood sprites at its most gentle.
GOOD A welcome antidote to the US cultural imperialism of countless inferior Disney sell-thru videos . . .
GOOD Wonderfully entertaining animation.
GOOD one of the most accomplished and important children's films ever made.
GOOD It's Miyazaki's finest work! It's the best film of 1988! It's the best animated feature ever made!
GOOD My Neighbor Totoro is more than a fairy tale; it is an engaging story which uses fantasy sparingly.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR Despite substandard animation, this brightly coloured sequel has a strong enough sense of both its story and characters to hold the audience's attention.
FAIR Boasts an impressive cast, catchy tunes and an entertaining fairy tale plot.
BAD Even by the standards of allowance-snatching half-term filler, this is pretty indifferent ...
BAD A cynical cash-grab riding on the coat-tails of far better productions.
BAD This film is very offbeat and psychedelic in that regard, though regrettably not nearly as accomplished or engaging as Alice in Wonderland which is loosely resembles.
BAD A cheap and charmless reminder to leave the classics alone.
FAIR Kid-friendly with some neat visuals.
BAD Carping on a film clearly targeted to 5-year-olds might seem unjust, but the filmmakers go about their business in such a lazy fashion that the viewer can't help but feel irritated by the whole ordeal.
BAD Being an effective virtual babysitter isn't the same as being a satisfying entertainment.
BAD Resting on the laurels of its namesake, Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return suffers from lackluster storytelling, TV-quality animation and haphazard music, all of which don't hold a candle to the many Oz tales that have come before it.
BAD Wasting a voice cast populated with recognisable names, this attempt to cash in on nostalgia for its source material evokes more bewilderment and boredom than excitement or wistful reminiscence.
BAD That it scored a few actual names [...] gives it the veneer of class, but it was designed to fool kids and their gullible parents, yet make everyone who sees it sad.
FAIR Oz has its moments, even to this day.
BAD "Aside from giving some very talented people so little to work with, perhaps the film's biggest crimes are its crimes against cinema and literature."
BAD A glorified 90-minute distraction for kids - not an enchanting and memorable addition to the Wizard of Oz movie pantheon.
FAIR Kids will like well-intentioned sequel, but it lacks magic.
BAD It's short on jokes and hampered by unmemorable musical numbers (including one about building a boat), and the film's niceness can't overcome the dopey tedium.
BAD Dorothy's return doesn't give you much of a return for the time invested.
BAD The best children's films have a tendency to both traumatize and amaze, but Legends Of Oz does neither.
BAD This is one of those movies that parents will have to ask themselves if they love their child enough to sit through it.
BAD It sounds more like a threat than a promise.
FAIR Ironic detachment and pop culturing pandering are mercifully absent. In their place is a disarming, welcome sincerity.
BAD ...strictly for the little ones, although serious students of computer animation may want to take a look as well.
BAD It's a little shocking how leaden the jokes are in this movie.
BAD Unfortunately, the computer-animated Legends of Oz can be charitably described as a pastiche; a better word might be mishmash.
BAD Delivered with all the vivid, impeccably detailed digital animation one usually sees in non-Pixar offerings of the late 1990s or daytime TV ads for The General auto insurance.
BAD With dubious scruples, and much Broadway-style caterwauling, the film imagines what The Wizard of Oz would look like with a should-have-gone-straight-to-video chimney on her.
BAD Devoid of the visual magic and heartfelt emotion of the original film, this version of Oz and Dorothy 2.0 feel like the cheaply made knockoffs you find in a dollar store: garishly shiny, flimsy and not built to last.
BAD Joyless, witless, and even a tad heartless
BAD "Legends of Oz" feels like the opposite of the original film. Underneath its aggressive distractions and dim ideas, it has no heart.
BAD The enterprise, while gently reverent, looks and feels as shaky as it sounds, tonally as flat as Kansas farmland.
BAD There are songs, by a motley crew of tunesmiths who include Bryan Adams, but except for a showstopper tailor-made for Short, they don't make much of an impact. Ditto for the script ...
FAIR Directors Will Finn and Dan St. Pierre create an animated musical rooted in the classic tale with wonderful, colorful and detailed settings, and a story that is gentle and sweet.
BAD The merry old land of Oz ceases being so merry in the cheaply animated, generically written Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.
BAD "Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return" lacks any sense of magic. These won't be songs you'll find yourself singing over and over after you've left the theater or a movie you'll be watching again and again. Once is enough.
BAD [A] crass, cheap, hack-job cash-grab.
BAD Mostly, the film reaffirms how hard it is to make a movie as unforgettable and enduring as "The Wizard of Oz." Good chance you'll forget this one on the way home from the theater.
BAD Animated in form but completely listless in content.
GOOD "(The) good news is that the film is a flawed but still very enjoyable flight of fancy."
GOOD A rich treat for the eye and soul alike.
FAIR It's being billed as Hayao Miyazaki's last film. He can't leave us this way.
GOOD For what he has said will be his final film, animation maestro Hayao Miyazaki tackles a controversial biopic that could just as easily have been shot in live action.
GOOD The story has much in common with that of The First of the Few, Leslie Howard's 1942 stiff-upper-lip biopic of RK Mitchell, designer of the Supermarine Spitfire. But there is magic here.
GOOD It is a film with the elegant sweep of a David Lean epic as it unfolds in Japan between the wars.
GOOD There is a wonderful gentleness and intelligent idealism to this animation by 73-year-old Hayao Miyazaki ...
FAIR Ultimately, Miyazaki fails to hold the responsibility-shy Horikisho to account...and suggest he has his head hidden in the clouds as much as the young aerial inventor.
GOOD The desecration of beautiful dreams is a ghost always lurking.
GOOD Laced with poignancy and portent, Miyazaki's epic is an elegy for lost dreams - and a farewell befitting an animation master.
GOOD While Miyazaki's two-hour-long, historical-melodrama swansong is destined to be his most divisive film yet, it is also his most adult and interesting, and never less than visually breathtaking throughout.
FAIR Gorgeously evocative visuals, lots about Horikoshi's devoted wife, but a marked reluctance to engage too deeply with the deadly purpose of his beautiful aircraft.
GOOD The brilliant Wind Rises is another Miyazaki masterpiece - evidently his last. He couldn't have picked a more perfect way to sign off.
GOOD Few directors would dare to put the dilemmas inherent in military aircraft design to the fore, but Miyazaki's film deals sensitively with the notion that good work may be used for bad ends.
GOOD mature, romantic, grand storytelling
GOOD The film is one of the most rapturously beautiful that Miyazaki has made, and all the more unsettling because of it.
GOOD Possibly Miyazaki can relate to Horikoshi's dilemma. He is both technician and artist, engineer and dreamer, and he works in a field -- cinema -- that too often promotes violence as a shortcut to a solution rather than as a last resort.
BAD Hardcore fans of legendary Japanese anime maestro Hayao Miyazaki are likely to be the only ones to put much stock in the director's final film.
FAIR An engineer pursues his dreams in Miyazaki's latest (and hopefully not last)
GOOD "The Wind Rises," nominated for an Academy Award as best animated feature, is a visual delight, with bright pastoral colors, clouds that float like ballerinas and clear, blue skies that envelop you.
GOOD The Wind Rises becomes all the more engrossing in its final act, where the refined beauty of Horikoshi's designs is exploited by a Japanese military at the start of World War II.
FAIR Clearly, The Wind Rises isn't a film about war but a valentine to the creative spirit.
GOOD The film doesn't take the obvious moralistic steps that could avert backlash - it's pure Miyazaki, a perspective influenced by history and reflective of a 50-year career.
BAD There are more boring movies than this one. There aren't many more disingenuous.
GOOD The Wind Rises has the sweep and majesty of a Technicolor Hollywood classic.
FAIR Even if it doesn't quite capture the magic of some of his earlier films, The Wind Rises feels like one of Miyazaki's more personal films.
GOOD The Wind Rises is a frequently remarkable film -- easily the best animated film of 2013 and fully of deserving its Oscar Nomination.
BAD 'The Wind Rises' is akin to sitting through an unbearably long flight in which the view can only be appreciated so much ...
GOOD In terms of tone, visual beauty, and storytelling, The Wind Rises represents Miyazaki at the apex of his abilities.
GOOD Miyazaki successfully immerses us in an analog world where the human hand -- not a machine -- bridges the gap between the imagination and the mechanical reality.
GOOD Lovely, contemplative tale of famed aeronautical engineer.
FAIR The movie looks great, with a moody use of shadows and darkness and dreary, lowdown locations.
BAD A stale adaptation of the classic Frank Miller comic. The film drowns in bad voice work and lacks the visual nuances found in the original story.
FAIR Batman: Year One adapts Frank Miller's tale with excellent animation and first-rate voice work from a talented cast, finding a nice balance between human moments and exciting action sequences.
GOOD Six stunningly animated fairy tales with a few mild scares
FAIR It is so gentle and whimsical that one wonders if American children, accustomed to the whiz-bang action of most animation, will accept it.
FAIR Six mostly engaging fairy tales are digitally rendered with silhouetted characters performing in front of vivid, colorful backgrounds.
FAIR Has ... eye-bending backgrounds but a creatively monochromatic foreground that comes to feel like a limitation.
FAIR The kaleidoscopic backgrounds offer a colorful counterpoint to the simple silhouettes that form the people, animals, and mythical beasts populating the six fables, each of which end with a ironic twist.
GOOD More likely to play well with older children, due to its split-up story line, Ocelot's creation is like nothing else they are likely to see animating the multiplex.
FAIR The narratives - involving princesses, sorcerers, dragons, talking animals - are familiar. But Mr. Ocelot invigorates them with lyricism ...
FAIR The film feels naive for an audience that's ready for some harder truths.
FAIR The recent cartoons of Michel Ocelot cleverly advance Lotte Reiniger's prototypical stop-motion technique into the digital age.
FAIR It's sweet but earthbound.
FAIR Tales Of The Night may be computer-animated, but its style is antique.
FAIR It's charming enough and the soundtrack has obviously been put together with care.
FAIR The pick-and-mix approach is limiting, but there's no denying these are gorgeous amuse-bouches, likely to be devoured by older, more discerning children and dyed-in-the-wool stoners alike.
FAIR The six folk-like tales featuring dragons, witch doctors and a talking horse have a whimsical charm and are beautifully designed but - watched all at once - may leave younger children fidgeting.
GOOD A uniquely joyful experience from a true original.
BAD While the youngsters to whom the stories are aimed won't take long to get the fidgets, older viewers will undoubtedly appreciate the scenery a tad longer before joining them.
FAIR While some of them do drag, older kids could well fall for these magical, timeless tales.
GOOD Michel Ocelot's ravishing animation and magical storytelling is a delight from start to finish.
GOOD Shot through with romance and glimpses of the kind of silly humour that made A Town Called Panic (2009) so popular, children and adults should be kept quite happy by this solid, intelligent family film.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever. It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again. But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious. It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid. It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the worst idea. Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt be cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough. But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child. But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't have what it takes to be a huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
BAD It's not that the film says, explicitly, 'science is bad and girls shouldn't be scientists'. It is much odder than that.
FAIR A few tense scenes add drama to family and friendship tale.
FAIR The artwork and backgrounds are so wonderful you could care less whether it's fairies onscreen or bullfrogs.
BAD Silly and glittery, with bog-standard animation, but efficient entertainment for the tweenie demographic.
FAIR The animation is crisp, if a touch generic, the voice cast convincing and the story wholesome without cloying too much.
FAIR Normal paint-and-brush animation. Normal Hollywood fairies, looking like Barbie and sounding like Valley High school graduates.
GOOD Live action/animated tale will amuse cartoon fans.
BAD Perfect fare for a 5-year-old on an Apple Jacks sugar high, but scarcely tolerable for anyone moving toward the Raisin Bran end of the aging spectrum.
FAIR Merece elogios por seu humor auto-referencial e, principalmente, por resgatar a insanidade das animacoes originais (ao contrario do fraco Space Jam).
FAIR ...neither offensive nor inspiring. It's undoubtedly fun for kids, but except for its occasional in-jokes there isn't all that much to excite the funny bone of an adult.
BAD Bursts with energy but not inspiration.
BAD Joe Dante & Warner Brothers destroy more of our childhood memories.
GOOD For anyone reared on the stuff, Looney Tunes: Back in Action is sweet anarchy.
GOOD It's the cleverest mix of animation and live action since Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
BAD ..far too much importance is placed on the live action characters, who in contrast look like they should be spectators at a who's-who reunion of animated superstars.
BAD Falls back on movie in-jokes that are often unfunny, while the amusing spoofs are irrelevant because they're not even Warner Bros films!
BAD This isn't an imaginative rebellion against the physical world like the old cartoons; it's the anarchy of animation, which isn't nearly as fun.
BAD Jenna Elfman needs to be in more movies and Brendan Fraiser, who should have gotten an Oscar for at least two movies I can think of, is underused even though he's in most of the scenes.
GOOD Dante revives the possibilities of widescreen humor ... literally leapfrogging across time and the cosmos to achieve profundity through expertly controlled chaos.
FAIR Ultimately, kids will enjoy it, even if they don't get some of the inside jokes, but it somehow lacks the edge of the short cartoons.
BAD The satire becomes unfocused without a driving force behind it, and the adventure is the stuff of which so many movies have touched upon before.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis isn't a Hal Walker, but Joe Dante's right up there with Tashlin, Avery, and Jones.
FAIR Much of the movie magic fades during the stilted cartoon-human relations.
FAIR As the Tasmanian Devil would move were he mainlining caffeine, so does this blend of live-action and animation. It's sweet and subversive, just like Looney Tunes should be.
FAIR Not for the uninitiated, but within its own established universe, it's as logical as a Pepe Le Pew fragrance line.
BAD While the affection for the originals is really refreshing, Looney Tunes: Back in Action still stumbles over some formidable hurdles.
FAIR I take issue with the whole concept of humans interacting with these characters.
BAD Dante favors the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach to this Warner Bros. nostalgia trip when funny-and-affectionate would have worked better.
FAIR Dante's much more confident in this combined world of animation and live-action than we saw in the interesting but uneven Small Soldiers.
GOOD It's flat-out comedy all the way, head-spinningly clever (you'll be talking about a sequence set in the Louvre for weeks) and always engaging.
GOOD OK...are you sure you're old enough to be reading this movie review?
FAIR The film's appeal is universal, much as the appeal of the Looney Tunes characters is universal.
GOOD Both a highly personal work and a hugely entertaining ride.
GOOD Doesn't perfectly capture the manic energy of the old WB cartoons, but it comes pretty ... close, which is fairly impressive in this age of corporate-filmmaking-by-blueprint.
FAIR Looney Tunes have always had an anarchic sense of humor. Setting them loose on Hollywood was nothing less than inspired.
FAIR It's Bugs and Daffy that carry this riotous, everything-and- the-kitchen-sink film.
FAIR ...a lot more fun than Space Jam.
GOOD Dante's third unqualified masterpiece. A freeform outburst of satire and mayhem that stays true to the spirit of the old time Warner Brothers Looney Tunes.
GOOD Looney Tunes: Back in Action keeps both adults and children laughing, but at completely different things.
BAD Dante's loose-minded narrative comes across more as a marketing ploy than it does a festive flick... somewhat strained and overreaches for its intended frivolity.
FAIR Where (director Joe) Dante, along with screenwriter Larry Doyle, a former Simpsons writer, succeed is in keeping the animated actors in character.
FAIR A movie bursting with energy and sheer creativity.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
BAD It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
FAIR Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
FAIR Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
GOOD Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
GOOD It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
FAIR A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
BAD For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
BAD Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr. Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations. The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
GOOD Brilliant anime.
GOOD Possibly the single most subversive fact about the film is that all else being equal, it's one of the best original movie musicals in a generation.
FAIR Entertaining raunchfest; not for kids.
FAIR Manages to be both amazingly stupid and clever at the same time.
BAD Nastier than it is subversive or funny.
GOOD Among other things, the South Park movie restores the happy shock and exuberance of talking dirty.
GOOD This movie is nasty, shocking, hilarious, and close to brilliant.
GOOD If, like me, you're sick of every work of art getting judged by your grandmother's delicate sensibilities and would like to watch some real artists have some fun while flipping off the cultural watchdogs, this film was made for you.
GOOD It's savagely funny, it's true to the core essence of the show, and it expands on the show in ways that television, due to content restrictions and time limitations, simply couldn't allow. And the tunes rock.
FAIR Vulgar and tasteless as usual, but most definitely longer and, quite obviously, to its detriment, uncut.
GOOD It will offend a lot of people who need to be offended once in a while.
GOOD I found this film hysterically funny and quite thought-provoking.
FAIR Rude, but inspired.
GOOD Inspired, brilliant filmmaking and one of the most scathing satires to come along in some time.
FAIR Howled like a banshee, I did. But I felt really guilty about it, so maybe I won't go straight to hell -- where, as it happens, about a third of the movie takes place.
GOOD One of the sharpest satirical movies of the '90s as well as the best musical comedy in at least 20 years?
FAIR The satirical message is that the moral defenders of impressionable American youth would literally rather see violent death than obscenity, but Parker and Stone end up delivering both in overabundant quantities to prove their point.
BAD You can't shake the feeling that 60 minutes of comedy has been stretched and teased and goosed to make 80 minutes of movie.
BAD A quarter of an hour would have been plenty of time with these tart-tongued tiny tots.
FAIR Raunchy, riotously irreverent and thrillingly rangy!
GOOD You can't get around it sometimes: a swear word is all that will do. This is one of those cases.
GOOD I was reasonably sure I was going to enjoy the film; what I didn't expect was a first-rate satire of censorship and the kind of political hysteria that currently threatens to create it.
FAIR Yes, it's offensive and rude and lewd and I don't feel comfortable with the idea that kids are probably going to have access to it, but ... man, it's funny!
GOOD Very funny, extremely obscene.
FAIR While there aren't more than a handful of gut-busting, laugh-aloud moments, there is enough sly, slick humor to keep the average viewer chuckling throughout.
FAIR The year's most slashing political commentary is not in the new films by Oliver Stone, David Lynch or John Sayles, but in an animated comedy about obscenity.
FAIR Loud, funny, crude and very rude.
GOOD Earth versus Heaven is always an interesting conflict, but it's seldom looked so beautiful.
FAIR a visually extravagant, exhilarating explosion of animation that makes absolutely no sense
FAIR The spectacular artwork and animation go a long way toward keeping the audience captivated.
BAD In a movie that is deadly serious, the stilted dialog provides unexpected sources of mirth.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
FAIR Warm-hearted animated elf story with mild violence.
BAD On this evidence, Santa's sadly not worth saving.
FAIR The colourful, simplified computer-generated animation will be easy on the eye for youngsters ( ... ) that the singing is sometimes less polished than parts of Mamma Mia! won't matter to older toddlers.
BAD I watched it with a nine-year-old who said: "This film is so annoying I want to kick it!"
BAD Voiced by a recognisable cast, Saving Santa is a pleasant and well-timed festive animation, but its unsophisticated storyline, general lack of humour and substandard soundtrack ultimately let it down.
GOOD As something of a Whitman's Sampler of the darker side of Batman mythology, it's enough to please.
FAIR As diferentes abordagens esteticas enriquecem o projeto, que realmente merece aplausos com relacao ao seu design de producao. Infelizmente, os roteiros dos episodios sao medianos em sua maioria, comprometendo o resultado final.
GOOD Of all the animated superhero DVDs that have come out in the last few years, this one is the best.
BAD would've been bloody marvelous had two-thirds of the animated anthology segments not stunk
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring. And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't look like a cartoon... It's a fairy tale world that seems to sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all. It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR . The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale. So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling. It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not only for the handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
FAIR Tolkien fans, who are familiar with novels, will find it enjoyble, while others may be confused by the action.
GOOD What most people remember is the mix of the live-action tracing within the traditional animation and just how effectively creepy it managed to be, but for the time this did a pretty good job of adapting the dense novels.
BAD It's a reckless film, blitzing through some plot points and stalling out over others; the lack of a particular rhythm does not do it any favors, and it is certainly not a fast 133 minutes.
BAD Animated adventure too dated and dark for younger kids.
FAIR The live action version trumps it in every conceivable way; there simply is no comparison. And yet Middle Earth is still better off for its presence.
GOOD ... in retrospect it feels like an elegant, appropriately sized adaptation - with some beautiful animation work.
FAIR The film is visually compelling even when murk overtakes the narrative.
FAIR Falls far short of the charm and sweep of the original story.
BAD ...a noble effort, original in concept if disappointing in execution.
FAIR The hobbits all look like Joey Lawrence -- what's up with that?
GOOD An atmospheric fairytale romp across the landscapes of Tolkien's imagination.
BAD I didn't like this film version of Lord of Rings. If it's any comfort, fans won't like it either.
FAIR Quite interesting and rather original.
