FAIR The acting is excellent and the bickering is the best. ... Director Iris Green and the terrific cast leave us with a lot of promise for future films.
GOOD Lukas Moodyson's debut feature has a grainy, immediate feel that nicely enhances the story's emotional honesty -- a quality that our own popular teen movies have only just begun to embrace.
GOOD Nobody can deny the honesty or the outright sincerity this film has.
FAIR Dahlstrom and especially Liljeberg are first-rate.
GOOD Unfortunately, as the plot develops, it shies away from exploring that discontent, in favor of demonstrating precisely the kind of naivete and sweetness that one would expect to find in any teen romance.
GOOD It's just an incredibly insightful character drama about true, awkward, beautiful first love, and it's all the better for it. Oh, and that last shot is as cute as it gets.
FAIR High school, small town, teenagers in hormone hell -- or is that heaven?
GOOD A completely charming reality-based romantic fantasy, both sweet-natured and sympathetic.
FAIR The movie is funny, gentle, and true.
BAD The film has some charm and a winning simplicity but not an iota of depth.
BAD I'm tired of teens talking about make-up and making out. A lesbian twist to an otherwise standard story just isn't enough to make it compelling.
FAIR Successfully captures the frenzied angst and boredom of youth, as well as the powerful, unbridled emotions of first love.
GOOD A poignant exploration of the cruelty and anguish of teenage existence.
GOOD Right away this film grabs attention with documentary-style close- ups and upends teen movie cliches.
GOOD Incredibly fun, incredibly entertaining, and worth watching in all respects.
GOOD A breath of fresh air in a genre too often controlled by Hollywood teen-pap.
GOOD One of the most honest and heartfelt teen dramas ever to grace the screen.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style. The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches. But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about fleshed-out characters or intricate stories. It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture. He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable. For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't know much about this director. But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic. Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR The unusually subtle yet eloquent debut of Israeli director Haim Tabakman...
FAIR The movie respects the Jewish tradition of inquiry and debate; it unreels as a sort of dramatic dialogue that acknowledges the benefits and terrors of both religious fundamentalism and personal freedom.
FAIR This restrained piece from first-time Israeli film-maker Haim Tabakman explores the tension between faith and sexuality in Jerusalem.
FAIR The simplicity of the tale is its strength and the acting of Zohar Strauss as Aaron and Ran Danker as Ezri is entirely natural.
GOOD It's almost impossible to imagine anyone making a gay romance between two orthodox Jews. And yet this film is subtle and sensitive, and full of earthy honesty as it explores a seriously difficult situation.
FAIR A sensitively directed and movingly acted story of forbidden love.
GOOD A very human story quietly unfolds with a compelling understatement in this dour but deeply-felt drama from director Haim Tabakman.
FAIR This is responsible, restrained and intelligent, but if anything, the risky subject material is handled with too much caution.
BAD Director Haim Tabakman avoids sensationalism so assiduously that his film has slightly less eroticism than the average party political broadcast.
GOOD It's not just the subject matter of impossible love that recalls Brokeback Mountain, but the same aching sadness and pathos.
GOOD One of the best and most moving love stories you'll ever see. Absolutely top draw.
FAIR Tabakman makes evocative use of enclosed spaces and silences, and tempers the melodrama with a sociological authenticity that confirms the centrality of belief in Jewish culture.
GOOD Slow and often silent, it's an extraordinarily disciplined film that respects, if not honours, the milieu of its story...
BAD Worthy in theme, honourable in intent, oddly bloodless in execution.
FAIR Director Haim Tabakman conjures up the sad mood very skilfully, with natural lighting, measured pace and an unexpected electronic soundtrack. In fact, it's probably my favourite film about the romantic love between two Jewish guys since Superbad.
FAIR The film's urgent point about the need for understanding is made with dignity and an appreciable tinge of sorrow.
FAIR Impressively directed, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that plays like an orthodox Jewish version of Brokeback Mountain, though the pacing and minimalistic dialogue might prove too arthouse for some tastes.
GOOD As oblique and laconic as its characters, Tabakman's moral tale rises to a melancholy spirituality.
GOOD "Brokeback Mezuzah": Tender, affecting, brave, and beautifully wrought,
GOOD Brave, provocative and gently engrossing with well-nuanced performances.
GOOD It moves slowly and patiently through the ordeal of a single soul, illuminating in the process a cosmos of intense and hidden feeling.
FAIR Quiet, sober and tense, the movie makes some interesting points, but it lacks the emotional firepower of Brokeback Mountain.
FAIR The drama's moments of inspiration vindicate its desultory proceedings.
FAIR Haim Tabakman's feature directing debut fascinates for the powerful, multi-layered themes that percolate beneath its visually spare and delicately told story.
GOOD Unusually sensitive look into the hearts of nonconformists in an extremely conforming community as the different risks they take and the choices they make are quite moving.
FAIR Bellocchio famously took on the Catholic Church and the Italian family in his frenetic first film ... Now 40 years later, Bellocchio's attack on the same institutions is calmer and more temperate.
FAIR Enigmatic and mesmerizing.
FAIR An artful look at religious hypocrisy, interfamily dynamics and the way people wrestle with personal history long after the original events are over.
FAIR It's a bit of a mess but strong stuff nevertheless.
FAIR Exceptionally handsome, somber film.
BAD It's almost as if screenwriter/director Marco Bellocchio wants to exorcise personal demons rather than entertain.
FAIR The quizzically abrupt ending leaves [too many] questions, and the viewer, hanging.
FAIR It is a riveting, rich portrait of an atheist who thinks he's resistant to faith but may be in the throes of a feverish conversion.
GOOD Bellocchio's complex drama is held together by the tight and focused performance of Castellitto.
FAIR It's a sly, subtle portrait of systematic hypocrisy (try to count the number of times faith is referred to as an 'insurance policy') and the mysterious way fate binds children to their parents.
FAIR An edgy drama unwinds with an emotional letdown.
GOOD This superbly filmed Italian drama stands with Bellocchio's best work.
GOOD Marco Bellocchio's expansive, memorable film floats and plummets like a box kite in a storm on drafts of melodrama, mysticism and humor.
FAIR My Mother's Smile overflows with mildly interesting ideas and characters, but the end result is decidedly tepid.
FAIR Flawed but fascinating portrait of Vatican politics.
FAIR Bellocchio has a way of spelling everything out for the audience; nonetheless, the film's intellectualism is both provocative and remarkably playful.
BAD Marijuana legalization is a hot button issue, ripe for boundary-pushing humor. Don't Legalize It oddly pulls back at the very moment when it should be charging forward with all its might.
BAD Given how established their roles are, Don't Legalize It could really use some sort of narrative pull, but it is mostly just content to stand in the middle and watch everyone circle in their fitfully funny ruts.
BAD It gets as stale as pot left too long in the freezer.
FAIR You've got to take your toque off to a dumb movie that is clever enough to try to rook Ottawa politicians into doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
BAD It's tolerable because director Mike Clattenburg, who created the series, overlays the stumblebum ineptitude with a layer of affection.
GOOD ...a crazed road trip to Chuckleville.
BAD Cool! clearly aspires to be in the tradition of lost-boys masterpieces Los Olvidados and Pixote, but is too exploitative to succeed as a cautionary tale and too cautious to succeed as an exploitation picture.
GOOD A textbook example of the perfect crowd-pleaser.
GOOD The biggest impression left by Yojimbo is the characterization of Sanjuro, whose iconography of stoic cool (that inspired Clint Eastwood's antiheroic "Man with No Name") is consistently undercut with dashes of comical realism...[Blu-ray]
GOOD This is one of those movies where it sounds like none of it should work and yet all of it somehow does.
GOOD Even Eastwood's Man With No Name is inspired, perhaps, by the samurai in Yojimbo.
GOOD The explosive outbursts of violence in Yojimbo are superbly choreographed, with Kurosawa's customary use of a telephoto lens creating a hallucinatory feeling.
BAD Despite the sometime appearance of the whole thing as a forthright travesty, it does have stretches of excitement and cinematic power.
GOOD Japan's definitive leading man, Toshiro Mifune, wields wits that are even deadlier than his Katana. Funny, clever, and never a dull moment.
GOOD It is fair to say that, without Yojimbo, certain key aspects of Western cinema would not be the same today.
GOOD Every shot in this film is a textbook study of camera movement and placement, composition in depth, and the use of deep-focus photography.
GOOD There's no denying its snappiness. Whenever you shut your brain off, it hums amicably right along.
GOOD Overall, 'twas a good movie, albeit kind of strange.
GOOD One of Japan's great contributions to cinema, the inspiration for spaghetti Westerns and the introduction of a new kind of film hero.
GOOD Great beginning and ending, but drags a bit in the middle.
GOOD Massive amounts of swordplay and treachery turn it into one of the most entertaining and best Kurosawa films.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
FAIR What it loses in novelty and subtlety it makes up for in its earnest depiction of love and individual human decency in the face of societal cruelty.
FAIR Dealing with the Balkan wars, this ambitious and compassionate art film interweaves three stories (one set in London) that contrast the calm beauty of the Macedonian landscape with the harowing violence that erups within its borders.
FAIR Unfortunately not the masterpiece I hoped for, but still a thought-provoking trio of intertwined stories set in the war-torn Balkans.
GOOD Impecable.
FAIR the film offers Americans an empathetic glimpse of the country we revolted against all those years ago.
GOOD About more than Bosnia: it's about the immigrant experience; it's about tolerance; it's about making a difference; it's about learning to make the best of what one has.
GOOD full of plausible evolutions of current technology with a believable if not pleasant feel for how these changes will fit into our world.
GOOD what you'll be left with after seeing Sleep Dealer is not a collection of cool scenes so much as a collection of compelling questions about where our world is headed
BAD Sleep Dealer is flawed, but still vibrant and inventive. Whether he finds larger budgets or keeps doing movie like this, Rivera is definitely a filmmaker to follow.
FAIR Alex Rivera's overstuffed but intriguing feature debut, Sleep Dealer, takes a speculative leap into Tijuana's near future, imagining the next evolution of cheap labor.
FAIR Clearly, Rivera knows one of the great gifts of the sci-fi genre. An uncanny world invites new ways of seeing. It offers new chances to ask the hard -- and too often, hardened -- questions.
FAIR The combination of rusty amateurism, future technology, and clear-and-present politics creates a trippy time-space kick: This dusty little movie feels like yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
GOOD Adventurous, ambitious and ingeniously futuristic, Sleep Dealer is a welcome surprise.
GOOD Sleep Dealer is an unusually thoughtful science fiction film, using the speculative energy of the genre to explore some troubling and complex contemporary issues.
BAD A jumbled vision ... too many predictable lines like, 'Sometimes you control the machine, and sometimes the machine controls you.'
FAIR Modest sci-fi entry out of Mexico %u2013 about the ultimate offshore labor force - shows impressive vision but lacks the story to keep it going.
FAIR Demonstrates the difficulties that result from leaving home to find work, but in classic B-movie fashion it has a lot of fun with it too:
GOOD Wristcutters: A Love Story is like a suicidal Wizard of Oz.
BAD It is a staggeringly awful road movie, not much enlivened by the presence of Tom Waits as a wizened participant.
FAIR The purgatorial premise is pleasingly eccentric but, in the end, Wristcutters falls victim to its washed-out mood, and limps bloodlessly to a close.
BAD A dreary, self-consciously quirky indie flick that seems to go on forever, despite an economical running time.
BAD Veering from witty to occasionally trite, Wristcutters: A Love Story has plenty of originality on its side, but never manages to be more than the sum of its self-consciously quirky parts.
FAIR A little self-consciously kooky but with an ace soundtrack that combines gypsy punksters Gogol Bordello with real-life plug-pullers this sure beats putting your head in the oven.
FAIR Dark subject matter, but Goran Dukic's film is whimsical and determinedly optimistic about life.
FAIR For the better part of the journey this a bizarrely uplifting yarn - razor sharp, you might say.
BAD Opportunities to comment on the ethical grey areas of suicide are mostly squandered and, as the pointless digressions begin to pile up, your mind begins to drift from the action on screen.
GOOD Enjoyably quirky black comedy that's clearly destined to become a cult movie amongst the Gothic contingent.
FAIR Despite being occasionally hilarious, director Goran Dukic should have toned down the wackiness.
BAD Another indie director more interested in style than substance.
BAD If you're going to make a comedy about suicide, you'd better make sure the jokes land. There are people out there who could use a laugh.
FAIR It has 'midnight movie' written all over it.
FAIR Wristcutters is a small film of ambitions nicely scaled to the performances and story. Who knew that affectless characters could be so oddly affecting?
FAIR Wristcutters opens with what proves to be its best scene, one that could stand alone as a brilliant short subject.
GOOD The vision of life after death varies between the religious and the non-religious, the optimists and the pessimists and the believers and non-believers. There are few after-life stories, though, as unique and humorous as this.
FAIR All this sounds rather grim, and indeed it is -- but this backward Heaven Can Wait is also, thanks to [director] Dukic's inventive imagination, surprisingly involving and ultimately sweet.
FAIR Wristcutters is a cut above most low-budget American indies, with something original to say about the human condition and an artful way of saying it.
BAD Goran Dukic's film starts off seeming hip and funky and dark, but almost immediately runs out of steam. It feels like a short carelessly padded to feature length.
BAD The future of Wristcutters as a cult favorite is less assured. Rather than benefiting from repeated viewings, the movie's charm is pretty much spent after the first half hour.
FAIR We witness the birth of a new genre, the Post-Slasher Movie.
FAIR Croatian filmmaker Goran Dukic's debut feature turns out to be a sweetly grim lark: a road film through Limbo.
FAIR ...more whimsical and charming than you would ever expect from a picture about suicide.
FAIR Though it goes a bit wonky toward the end and seems to travel a very long way to drive home a rather simple point, Wristcutters: A Love Story remains a wonderfully evocative experience.
BAD Almost 40 years ago Easy Rider established that road trips can make great independent films. Or at least cheap ones. But when booking a room inside the pearly gates, cheap may not be exactly what you're looking for.
BAD Screenwriter/director Goran Dukic can't quite decide on a tone. The film is at times lighthearted, almost effervescent, and then it's so dark that it becomes depressingly bleak.
FAIR Wristcutters is quite a bit darker than most mainstream romantic comedies. As you might not expect, it's also quite a bit more inventive and far wittier than most mainstream romantic comedies.
GOOD Goran Dukic, working from a short story by Etgar Kiret, has fashioned a life-after-death that is both somber and silly.
BAD The witless Wristcutters holds all the fascination of a train wreck. Youa(TM)ll stay in your seat just to see if ita(TM)ll get any worse, and you wona(TM)t be disappointed.
FAIR The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest doesn't exactly give the Millennium trilogy the explosive send-off it deserves, and stacked against the other two movies in the series, it's perhaps the weakest story of the three.
GOOD This film ends up being more of a courtroom drama, and yet it's almost as equally thrilling as the first film in the series.
FAIR Unlike its two predecessors, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest boasts a briskly-paced opening half hour that proves effective at immediately drawing the viewer into the movie...
FAIR For me the most deadening aspect of these films is the presence of Michael Nykvist as Blomqvist; he seems to have a personality by-pass, and remains expressionless at all times, no matter what's going on.
BAD The best thing that can be said about the excruciatingly dull, badly made closing chapter in this punishingly bad Swedish crime trilogy is that it really whets the appetite for the upcoming American version.
GOOD Seeing the first two films -- The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire -- will make the third film more satisfying.
BAD Lisbeth Salander, played by Noomi Rapace, spends most of the story constrained -- first in the hospital, then in prison. What fun is that?
BAD The third and final entry in Stieg Larsson's enormously successful series is perhaps the least thrilling, but it's easily the most satisfying.
GOOD Finale of dark subtitled Swedish trilogy still very violent.
FAIR Semi-satisfying, if you can keep up.
GOOD The gap between this and Dragon Tattoo is pretty big -- this won't be on my '10 Best' list and Tattoo might -- but as the rest of the story, it does nicely.
FAIR While the events are fascinating and entertaining, the film itself is less emotionally involving or viscerally thrilling.
BAD Much of it still plays like bad Thomas Harris...
GOOD A pick-up after the second film, if not as assured as the first. Rapace sets a high watermark for Rooney Mara in David Fincher's remakes.
BAD One final course of Europudding that may leave audiences feeling less satisfied than simply tired and bloated.
BAD A more apt title would be 'The Girl Who Sat Quietly in a Dimly Lit Room'.
BAD This is the most disappointing end to a trilogy since Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3.
FAIR Anyone who has invested in the trilogy will savour the mixture of dread and anticipation as the cat-and-mouse game reaches a stirring conclusion.
BAD A bunch of evil old men get their comeuppance in 'The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,' but the girl who messes with their nest does hardly anything at all.
BAD The third and worst of Stieg Larsson's trilogy is poorly directed, under-energised and unthrilling.
GOOD A compelling mix of 70s-style conspiracy thriller, courtroom procedural and psychological drama...
GOOD The powerful performances by the leads, unobtrusive direction that is exemplified in a beguiling courtroom clash, and Larsson's deftly interwoven fabric of treachery and compassion all ensure that we are left yearning for more.
BAD As well as being conventional, The Girl Who Kicked is also confusing, dull and grubby (do we really need to see examples from a child-porn site?).
BAD Is the Millennium Trilogy over? Can we go home?
BAD The Girl Who Makes Us Wish We Were Anywhere Else.
FAIR The final film based on Stieg Larsson's bestselling thriller trilogy opens with a whimper but ends with a bang.
GOOD As ever, Rapace steals every scene she's in, maintaining Lisbeth's moody enigma whether she's lying on her sick bed, making a memorable court entrance in full punk regalia, or taking care of family business.
FAIR This remains watchable thanks to Nyqvist and Rapace but the lacklustre direction, lack of pace and bloated script ensure that it's closer to the mediocre nature of the second film than the brilliance of the first.
GOOD ...could be read as the passion of Lisbeth Salander, as she undergoes a kind of secular crucifixion at the hands of the Swedish establishment ...
FAIR It's enough to see Rapace's Salander smile, however tentatively, however briefly, however unlikely. Those white teeth framed by black-on-black everything? They bite.
FAIR The series is quite satisfying as a whole, in the manner of the type of well-made, limited-episode crime program that might appear on AMC or HBO.
BAD The Matrix: Revolutions of the Millennium Trilogy.
BAD While Rapace remains a strong and captivating actress in the title role, the film is remarkably bad. In fact, it's easily one of the year's worst movies. Boring beyond belief.
BAD The Millennium Trilogy follows a similar pattern as The Matrix Trilogy, and that's not a compliment.
FAIR The European equivalent of The Matrix Revolutions, this third chapter finds a once-vibrant saga largely coasting on the fumes of its well-regarded predecessors.
BAD When your series' most compelling character remains mute and largely on the periphery of the action (albeit all decked out in punker regalia, including a big Mohawk), something is seriously amiss.
FAIR This 148-minute movie is best appreciated if you have already watched the first two movies or read the books. It is not intended to be a standalone film. Neophytes will find themselves lost and confused without sufficient background to fully appreciate...
FAIR Fascinating study of criminal justice in the crumbling Nazi empire of 1944.
BAD It crouches but -- alas -- never springs.
FAIR It is so gloriously unconvincing, so utterly absurd, that it achieves a kind of greatness.
BAD A sure candidate for the worst movie ever made...
FAIR ...unabashed fantasy...
BAD The plotting is too obvious, too contrived and too convenient.
GOOD Friedrich isn't particularly sharp, but Riemelt's wonderfully nuanced performance gives him intricate layers of feeling.
BAD Nearly every point made in Before the Fall, be it about militarism or the secret sexual codes of fascism, is made too obviously, or has been made before, in films from Cabaret to Europa, Europa.
FAIR It asks us to sympathize with teenage boys being groomed for National Socialist glory, and for that reason alone, it absorbs.
FAIR ... hooks you by focusing on Friedrich's very human story.
BAD One senses that Gansel took the most egregious stories from his research and stuffed them all into the shapeless script.
BAD The film is a competent but callow work dealing with a monstrous subject that automatically rejects callowness.
FAIR The best thing about Gansel's film is it doesn't ask you to absolve anyone; it only tries to make everyone a little more human.
FAIR Gansel and his screenwriting partner, Maggie Gansel, bring not a whiff of fresh nor penetrating insight to these subjects.
GOOD A work of exemplary craftsmanship, crisp and forthright yet modulated by subtle nuances, Before the Fall ranks high among the year's films.
FAIR While the background of the story is fascinating and enlightening, the foreground story could be more complex and original. The plot is a good story whose arc is a little overly familiar. Still the production values are high and the story is compelling.
FAIR The movie's own moral stance is above reproach, and the two leads are engaged enough to make you care about the outcome.
GOOD Bankrupt fascist politics and a talent in the ring combine to force decisions no teenager should have to make.
FAIR It's a handsomely mounted production that benefits greatly from location shooting and sharp attention to historical detail.
FAIR The acting is believable; the photography, atmospheric; and the moral, unmistakable.
FAIR Nazis were once innocent children -- that, at least, is the notion behind Dennis Gansel's overcooked wartime drama about the ill-fated friendship between two teenage boys at a training school for elite German military recruits.
BAD Though well-made, Before the Fall never really comes to cinematic life.
BAD I guarantee you nothing this cheesy happened during World War I.
GOOD Set in Berlin in 1942, Dennis Gansel's intensely beautiful film brings us inside Hitler's network of elite schools to groom young Germans for positions of power.
FAIR A convincing German morality play about the Nazi's amoral worship of strength and power.
BAD A polished, German-tinged Dead Poets Society with budding SS automatons subbing in for privileged Vermont WASPs.
FAIR Gansel crafts story and characters to show us a rare but possible youth of Nazi Germany whose inborn morality is not subject to "training.
BAD an interesting mess
FAIR There are moments of absolute magic.
FAIR Nearly a masterpiece
GOOD by every definition, a beautiful film: it's lovely to look at--and perhaps even moreso to listen to; and the acting is exquisite.
FAIR A good-spirited fable ... it's the type of movie that either you'll love or you'll hate. Count me in the former category.
GOOD If some of the political theorising is somewhat naive and the direction is occasionally manipulative, the acting, particularly from Juliette Binoche, is superb.
FAIR Haneke brings his usual dark sensibility to bear on the multifaceted story, expressing the fractured quality of modern city life through scenes that wander through a labyrinth of missing links and lost connections.
GOOD With virtually no music and very little expository dialogue, this is one of the rare films with enough faith in moviegoers to let them figure things out for themselves.
GOOD A chilling picture of urban disillusionment, Code Unknown's strength is its insistence that, to be realistic, it cannot give easy answers.
FAIR Michael Haneke's only attempt to be emotionally salient.
GOOD Code Unknown is a film that will thrill connoisseurs of alienation and loneliness, and I say that with the utmost sincerity.
FAIR Packed with provocative ideas and fragments of provocative ideas.
GOOD Even if it's a bit 'foreign' and arty, it's also consistently gripping, thoughtful, powerful stuff, assembled in an unusual way that catches us off guard and never preaches.
FAIR Worthy, challenging, heavily art-house-centric feature that explores ideas of immigration, communication, xenophobia and representations of reality within fiction.
FAIR This French-language film is fiercely intellectual and thoughtful.
FAIR At the center of the film -- the real reason it was made -- is Binoche, one of the genuinely radiant presences in movies today.
FAIR Tackles contemporary cosmopolitan ennui with unfailing sensitivity and perceptiveness, and that more than makes its stories worth knowing.
BAD While it alludes to themes concerning xenophobia, communication and social responsibility, ultimately the film amounts to little more than a collection of stark, uneven vignettes.
GOOD Code Unknown gets at the ache and angst of the human condition in ways that shiver with telling detail and the machinations of real life. It's powerful.
GOOD It doesn't endorse narrow-mindedness, but instead, uses it as a topic to illustrate just how brilliantly broad-minded filmmaking can be.
FAIR Though it's difficult to call the film a success, it's certainly beguiling.
FAIR Even more impressive is the way Haneke evokes violence without showing it, and whips up tension and dread without music or any of the manipulative tricks so popular among Hollywood filmmakers.
FAIR This sliced and diced curio (think Manchevski's Before the Rain as directed by Godard) tackles entirely too much to ever really be about anything.
GOOD Una maravilla de multiples lecturas, y no todas triviales...
GOOD European cinema at its very best.
BAD Too self-consciously obtuse, enigmatic and 'meaningful' for its own good, it demands far more than it gives back in return.
GOOD If you're in the mood for an offbeat police procedural, this should be on your must-see list ... Who would have thought something this unrelievedly grim could be, at its dark heart, about unrequited love?
FAIR This is film noir at its noirest.
GOOD A story of obsession, of the permanence of loss, of how deeds of the past haunt us, closing over our heads like water. It leaves you shivering, yet thrilled; waiting anxiously for this talented new filmmaker's next work.
FAIR "The Silence" is framed as a multi-character police procedural, but like "Mystic River" and "Zodiac," its inquiries probe deeper and darker.
GOOD How might criminals who get away with murder behave, the movie asks? Just like everyone else.
FAIR ...part police procedural and part psychological study, with more than just genre thrills to offer.
BAD "The Silence" is a victim of over-plotting, clunky narrative, gratuitous stylization, and too many points of view.
GOOD In a field of cliched psychological crime thrillers, The Silence stands out.
GOOD With echoes of "The Vanishing" and "Memories of Murder," Baran bo Odar's dread-filled "The Silence" is a character-based thriller that focuses more on the people wrapped up in its web of perversion and murder than the crimes themselves.
GOOD The mysteries here are larger, deeper, more ineffable than the purely practical concerns of crime-solving: motive, means and opportunity.
BAD This is a rare film that shows the murder and makes the audience feel the pain of the survivors, which is all to the good,...but it is unremittingly depressing.
BAD These are our modern tearjerkers, embellished with sexual violence to maintain the audience's sense of its own sophistication. Include me out.
FAIR A clear-eyed look at the hole that a death leaves behind, and the many awkward and always insufficient ways we try to fill it.
GOOD "The Silence" is an exemplary German-language thriller, a complex and disturbing examination of guilt, violence and psychological torment that chills us to the core not once but two times over.
GOOD [Mr. Odar uses] graceful wide-screen compositions and haunting sound design to create a compelling mood of menace, anxiety and sorrow.
GOOD The Silence speaks volumes.
FAIR The slightly dour tone is the perfect backdrop for the director to skillfully weave together his varied narrative strands in a surprisingly entertaining medley.
FAIR Funciona muito bem ate o instante em que decide que abracar um romance hollywoodiano e mais importante do que respeitar a logica de sua narrativa.
BAD By the time Salvadori has finally wrapped things up and paired off his characters in a predictable fashion, many viewers may feel that these foolish and tiresome individuals deserve each other.
BAD The plot is hoary and eventually saccharine.
FAIR Generally light and frothy, the film's direction and ending is wholly predictable but Tautou helps to make the journey worthwhile.
BAD Winsome in the extreme and a bit chauvinist too.
GOOD Silly but amiable...
BAD Only Sami Bouajila, playing the bemused, overeducated handyman-in-the-middle, emerges with his dignity relatively intact.
BAD This was an opportunity for Tautou to represent a new kind of romantic anti-heroine, but nobody seemed to be interested.
FAIR It's frisky and watchable, at least until the untangling of feelings reveals there's little but contrivance keeping it afloat.
BAD The film is full of sub-Marivaux comic contrivances, ersatz Gallic charm - the kind you can squeeze from a tube - and whimsical improbability.
FAIR Fans of Tautou will enjoy watching a film that's nicely shot and quite amusing at times, but this is sadly no Amelie.
BAD The French, perhaps, like this sort of comedy of chaos a mite more than we do, but Beautiful Lies is enjoyable enough.
FAIR Watchable French romcom (or Fromcom) that doesn't quite pull off the magic of either Priceless or Heartrbeaker but succeeds thanks to an amusing script and winning performances from its three leads.
BAD The script grinds its way through sundry reversals, initial jollity giving way to plodding rigmarole.
GOOD Salvadori's small pocket of volatile life, like in any soap opera, is intoxicating to watch and voyeuristic in nature.
FAIR Undemanding if occasionally uneven stuff.
BAD Salvadori generates few laughs from this convoluted tale, whose romcom trappings sit uneasily with its lonely, troubled characters.
BAD It's actually not the first French comedy I've seen recently that just seemed not so much funny as just a bit off somehow and I really didn't enjoy this very much.
BAD I'm sure a lot of people will go along with the stupid premise of the film and enjoy it hugely. I wish I'd been able to.
FAIR Slow-moving but graceful, this character study is engaging and insightful.
FAIR The Hunter delivers a quiet and somewhat meandering story that wallows in self-importance and social agenda.
FAIR "The Hunter" is mostly well-done, but where I would normally say "it never comes together," I actually have to say it comes together too late.
GOOD "The Hunter" is the most intriguing thriller to come along in the first half of 2012. Willem Dafoe continues to showcase why he's one of the best actors today and the cinematography for the film is absolutely breathtaking.
FAIR The Hunter is a very topical drama with ethics and human consciousness at its heart.
FAIR The Hunter isn't a straightforward film, but it is a thought-provoking one.
FAIR A slow-burner about survival in general that may seem predictable in parts and meander in others, but the intensity with which the psychological developments suddenly manifest is its ultimate power.
FAIR A thoughtful, sinewy thriller that takes its time, but girds on a stellar, stoic performance from Willem Dafoe.
FAIR Entirely convincing as a loner on a mission, Dafoe makes this slow but beautifully shot film compelling throughout.
FAIR Dafoe is eminently watchable, and for the most part it's a distinctive, atmospheric movie that cherishes the persistence of mystery.
GOOD There's a gripping moral weight to the questions of survival and profiteering the story raises, and the worryingly inexact moment when our interest in endangered species tips over into thoughts of human gain.
BAD You want to say: "Can I have the message in a separate envelope and just spend the film looking at the landscapes?"
BAD Unfocussed and thematically overburdened. More could have been said with less.
GOOD The Hunter is a taut, thought-provoking and ultimately touching drama with wonderful work from Dafoe, O'Connor and Sam Neill as a local guide with conflicted loyalties.
FAIR If you go down to the woods today, you're sure of a big surprise, in the form of an elegant genre-hopper coming on like Werner Herzog meets Michael Crighton.
GOOD Quietly gripping, atmospheric and beautifully shot drama with a terrific central performance from Willem Dafoe, an effectively sparse script and some stunning location work.
FAIR A slow-burning, beautifully shot, understated philosophical thriller.
FAIR It's certainly enjoyable to watch the beanie-hatted, craggy-faced Dafoe set animal traps with his bare hands.
FAIR Predictable, a pastiche of conventions, but strange nonetheless, and not always in a good way.
BAD A movie with more plot than it can comfortably handle.
FAIR I know what they were going for. This was more about the spiritual journey than the actual action plot, but it just doesn't gel.
BAD It's all intended to be darkly metaphorical. In actuality, it's a mediocre film unfolding without plan, purpose or enthusiasm.
BAD It has intriguing parts but they do not come together.
GOOD With a rucksack of gadgets, Dafoe makes a believably cunning tracker, and when he finally confronts his prey, the mutual respect feeds a poignant parable.
GOOD While the film threatens to fall into cliche, excellent cinematography and another mesmerizing performance by Willem Dafoe keep it engaging enough to the point that it develops a fascinating rhythm of its own.
FAIR Where the title character travels is a visually and emotionally striking journey.
BAD Not much happens in "The Hunter." And what little does happen, happens very slowly. And then is repeated.
FAIR The character arc is strong on paper but not well-realized on film, and therein lies The Hunter's greatest failing.
FAIR By the time The Hunter jettisons its narrative ballast altogether and embraces its elemental appeal, it's too late.
FAIR The film is really Dafoe's show, and he reminds once again why he is such a tremendous actor and also one so easy to underestimate and take for granted.
FAIR Nettheim films long stretches without dialogue and lets the landscape take centre stage, relying on Robert Humphreys' superb camerawork to tell the story.
BAD In this unfocused and highly antidramatic film, Dafoe is measured for a role that requires him to be empathic and exceedingly normal; it doesn't fit.
FAIR If that synopsis sounds a tad predictable, the outcome of the film is anything but, and The Hunter, with its spectacular cinematography by Robert Humphreys, parallels Dafoe's character and that of his prey, both human and otherwise.
FAIR Willem Dafoe is the perfect actor to carry a film like The Hunter, which is guided by the internal journey experienced by his unusual character.
FAIR Mostly this is just too mild, too quiet, too distant. It tracks its target. But it never quite manages to get it in its sites.
BAD Fashion biopic is OK for teens; more style than substance.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Less an evolution of the most famous fashionista of the last century, and more an exploration of how an influential figure found love while finding her calling.
FAIR If Chanel's early years were really this boring, why bother with them?
GOOD An interesting, but slow, look at the life of the legendary Chanel before she became famous.
BAD there were better ways to portray fascinating life of Coco Chanel
GOOD A movie that is tres chic even if it sometimes resembles those corsets Coco banished, a little stiff and confining.
FAIR I don't remember ever seeing a photo of Chanel before, but when we see Tautou as the middle-aged, iconic Chanel, a cigarette dangling insouciantly from her lips, I knew it was an uncanny resemblance.
FAIR Ultimately, [Benoit Poelvoorde] is the one who holds this knotty yarn in place.
GOOD This guilty pleasure costume drama leaves you wanting to know more about this extraordinary woman considered one of the most influential in the 20th century. Let's hope that Fontaine can do a follow-up with "After" in the title.
FAIR The script...adheres closely to biopic conventions but is brought alive by the magnetic performance of Tautou with strong support particularly from Poelvoorde and Devos.
BAD 'Coco Before Chanel'? Whose bright idea was that? Isn't that like 'Amelia Before Airplanes'? Or 'Frankenstein Before Med School'?
BAD A better title: "Coco Before She Was Interesting."
FAIR Earlier in the year we had Julia Childs, two weeks ago we has Amelia Earhart, and this week we have Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel. Who's next? Rachel Ray and her journey to invent edible crayons? Hannah Montana's battle against Dissociative Identity Disorder?
BAD A familiar lemonade-from-lemons period biopic or, in the case of the fashionista, a smart-suit-from-tattered-threads tale.
FAIR There's a lot to like here. The film looks beautiful, and Alexandre Desplat's score is suitably moody.
FAIR The thread connecting the ambitious girl to the acclaimed woman is enough to make us wish for a sequel titled Chanel No. 2.
GOOD Fontaine manages to create a film that captures both the essence of its subject and the times and circumstances that helped to shape her.
FAIR A bit more of Coco becoming Chanel was what I expected, and what would have elevated this film beyond the typical period-piece love story fare.
BAD In Coco Before Chanel, Audrey Tautou coolly charms as the designer in her formative years. On a scale of 8, the film is a Chanel #5.
FAIR Like the recently opened Amelia, the story could well be an accurate depiction of Chanel's life but it, too, is not all that engaging.
FAIR We are used to seeing Tautou play the sweetheart. Here, she's anything but. Constantly smoking, dour, unsmiling, critical, she plays a character difficult to warm to but fascinating to watch.
FAIR Audrey Tatou may have been born to play Coco Chanel ...
FAIR It's nice when so many technical and emotional elements come together in a film. Coco Before Chanel is a hard luck, true life fairy tale story told with poignant humility, embellished with solid acting and determined direction.
FAIR Although technically a biopic based on a nonfiction book by Edmonde Charles-Roux, Coco Before Chanel plays more like an engrossing, classy period piece.
FAIR Tautou's sophisticated portrayal won't allow viewers to dismiss Coco as kept. Coco's talents are too pronounced, her approach to intimacy, to life, too aware for that.
BAD It's a perfectly nice period piece and biographical backgrounder, but the film feels as though it's a meal of tasty side dishes that lacks a main course.
FAIR The film, although sumptuously produced, is a staid and conventional account of her early years.
GOOD The film, understandably, leaves you wanting more about the rest of the designer's life, but Coco Before Chanel is wisely focused on those years in which she became herself.
BAD A droll and humorless story, it is a lifeless rendition of the early life of Coco Chanel before she became famous.
FAIR The movie does a good job of presenting the social strictures that Chanel refused to be bound by, none more immediate and ubiquitous than the clothes women were expected to wear.
FAIR It would seem that Fontaine has a keener eye for the elements that made Chanel's style than she has an ear for dialogue. But she gets a splendid performance from Tautou.
GOOD The film loses some of its fascination when Coco is unmistakably launched on her career path. But that's when the story ends; this is titled Coco Before Chanel for a reason.
FAIR One can see where the story might be of great interest to fans and devotees of Chanel, but for casual viewers who have never seen her as more than the face behind an empire, there's too little in this movie to provide more than a casual diversion.
FAIR Filmmaker Juan Manuel Echavarria's hands-off approach hinders us from mocking the believers' naivete.
FAIR A trailblazer for its culture and certainly makes for a fascinating, if rather long, watch.
BAD ...barely has enough material to fill a 52-minute CBC special, let alone a three-hour cinematic "event."
GOOD A film so crisp with detail that, like other great films, it whisks us away to a locale like nothing else we've ever seen to tell a story that's not quite like anything else we've ever heard.
BAD At three hours and with very little story or character development, there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue.
GOOD This is quite possibly the best Canadian film of all time.
GOOD The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable, allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time.
FAIR The mammoth, 172-minute movie has its share of slow passages. It picks up speed, however, as it advances toward a payoff that has much to say about the ultimate besting of evil.
GOOD From its mystical-mythical opening to the stunning finale, this is storytelling at its most primal and filmmaking at its most original.
FAIR Though some will probably have problems with the film's pacing ... the story holds your interest throughout.
GOOD The Fast Runner, an epic story coming from northern Canada, provides the perfect antidote to this summer of blockbusters.
FAIR It's a masterpiece.
FAIR A rare and remarkable portrait of place that could only be told by the people who own the story and had the sense to buy the cameras.
GOOD This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body, so original is its content, look, and style.
GOOD Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film.
GOOD Often, the film feels more like a state of mind, combining the factual hardness of a documentary with the startling beauty of a surreal, fantastic dream.
GOOD For nearly three hours, this sweeping epic captivates its audience in the way the Inuit elders must have done while reciting the story to spellbound children.
FAIR It may be the most satisfying experience you'll have at the movies this year.
FAIR Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy, but it's worth it, even if it does take 3 hours to get through.
BAD Vastly overrated, this award-winning film features amateurish, unbelievable acting and a minimal storyline. Take away the indigenous people, and no one would be talking about it.
FAIR There's never been a movie quite like it.
GOOD Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.
GOOD A challenging and stunning journey with one of the best chase scenes ever.
GOOD One senses in its playing out that right here, right now, these people, these deeds, these lessons are the stuff of a great legend, one that will be told and retold for countless generations.
GOOD An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.
FAIR I actually enjoyed the story, but it could've been at least a half an hour shorter...
GOOD Atanarjuat, unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain, has the quality of totem.
GOOD A landmark movie that becomes a priceless entryway into a distant land and its people, few of whom will ever seem as foreign and far away again.
GOOD Surviving and getting through the day becomes gripping drama. Even if the good vs. evil story is overly familiar, I guarantee the beautiful, sensual setting is not.
GOOD A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue, betrayal, deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
GOOD It takes us to a world we've never seen, to tell us a story both entirely foreign and completely familiar.
BAD A clean S&M flick which only devotees of mental cruelty are likely to find satisfying. Office Space, Japanese Style!
GOOD a bravura performance in a memorable film.
GOOD The best office comedy since Office Space.
FAIR One of the screen's most cuttingly funny looks at office life.
FAIR ... subtly sexual and erotic, despite the fact that every scene takes place in the office and there is not a single overt sexual act or word or gesture or reference.
GOOD A shrewd but spiky satire about corporate bureaucracy and Japanese social stratification.
FAIR The film is more ambiguous about its characters' desire than it needs to be.
FAIR Moves swiftly and builds to a satisfying conclusion.
GOOD Astutely directed by Alain Corneau.
FAIR Harrowing and hilarious.
GOOD Strange and darkly funny culture-clash comedy.
GOOD From its snarky water-cooler comedy to its satisfying dabblings in feminism, the movie has a championship heart in Testud, an electric screen presence any audience will follow as willingly as the camera tracks her marvelously expressive features.
GOOD A smart, funny tale of thwarted dreams and impossible humiliation.
FAIR One of the film's pleasures is its unanswered mysteries.
FAIR A sleek and sublimely deadpan comedy of Japanese corporate manners.
GOOD Hilarious from first frame to last.
FAIR A marvelous cross between Secretary and Lost in Translation.
GOOD Alain Corneau's psychodrama is the latest movie to explore (and to exploit) Western fascination with Japan.
GOOD A fascinating French film set in Japan about power in the workplace and the yearning that fuels a cross-cultural experience.
FAIR Its cultural baggage is sketchy, but the film remains a funny, depressingly honest look at the soul-sucking drudgery of the corporate workspace.
FAIR Offers a fascinating take on the intricate office politics and hierarchical system of honour and duty that pervades the Japanese corporate landscape.
FAIR Atmospheric little chiller.
GOOD Mathieu Kassovitz's gritty, documentary-like second film is a powerful comment on class and racial disparity.
GOOD La Haine does not provide an easy answer. So you have to struggle intellectually for yourself.
FAIR The conveniently manufactured ending is a let-down, but the display of raw emotion and kinetic energy lingers with the viewer long after the film is over.
GOOD An inspired achievement from Mathieu Kassovitz.
GOOD ...powerful...
GOOD Writer-director Mathieu Kassovitz mines so much tension and pointed dialogue from a low budget and deceptively simple premise that you wonder why so much of current Hollywood's own social realism ends up shooting $50 million blanks.
FAIR Hate is, I suppose, a Generation X film, whatever that means, but more mature and insightful than the American Gen X movies.
FAIR A fitting close to the series.
GOOD I suppose the ultimate point is whether or not Frederic gives in, but the ride itself is quite fascinating.
GOOD a beautiful character study about what it is to love one woman and yet be in love with all women
GOOD The film builds its emotional structure gradually
GOOD What makes Rohmer's films so sparkling and intelligent is the way in which he watches his characters. Nothing escapes him, and he uses the angle of a glance, the tilt of a head, the precise set of a mouth, in order to create wonderfully complex characters
GOOD Just because Mr. Rohmer keeps his focus short, clear and precise, one sees deeply into the lives of his characters without the sort of pretentious distortions of most movies that deal in metapsors.
BAD At least as moral quandaries go, Love has one worth pondering. And if you feel otherwise, you can at least groove on the 1970s fashions.
GOOD There exists in Chloe's characters a rare sort of self-reflection, and it's immensely gratifying to watch in action.
GOOD It's a noteworthy portrait of love, desire and happiness.
GOOD One of [Rohmer's] best.
GOOD This warm and very smart comedy is set against the backdrop of a war-torn city, like Hope and Glory's London. It's human and never stoops to sanctimony.
FAIR A story worth telling.
FAIR While it all feels like a step down from the grandeur of Leone's spaghetti Westerns, that's part of the point, and part of the charm.
FAIR La.rgely successful with some gaping flaws, and deeply experimental in a way that verges on upsetting
BAD A better than average omnibus film.
FAIR Best-in-show citations go to shorts by Manoel De Oliveira and David Cronenberg.
BAD Writer/director Michael Kang seems to be going for a Mean Streets vibe, but he's no Scorsese, at least not yet.
FAIR A well-made, street-stylish drama that defies stock Hollywood storytelling conceits with its complex themes and grey-area approach to its subject matter.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not like Treasure Island when you see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
BAD The script and the editing come with an anarchy that puts the viewer off from the start.
BAD Nothing particularly surprising or exciting happens, and the straightness with which the subject is treated eventually means everything seizes up.
BAD Despite the fact that the scariest thing about this Yorkshire-brewed ghost story are the 70s fashions (avocado kitchen and rum and pep, anyone?), there is something quite charming about the creakiness of it all.
BAD Director Pat Holden delivers a few effective shocks but overcooks the climax.
BAD This British scary movie is preposterous and cheesy, if occasionally oddly enjoyable.
BAD A film that not even the formidable Gary Lewis can save is a scary thing indeed.
BAD Soon gives way to silliness, with the poltergeist fiddling with Sally's Buckeroo and Slinky toys.
FAIR Aesthetically authentic and frightening in parts. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem all that different to what has come before it.
BAD Besides a couple of decent low-key jolts, hearsay and heroic art direction alone don't add up to t'Exorcist.
GOOD there is no Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies. Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how many years one is removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth gone wild remains burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
GOOD Whether you like bad-a** sword fights or cute babies, there's something for everyone here.
FAIR ...because the characters are so likable and their plan for breaking into the safe is genuinely interesting, it's easy enough to overlook the few dull spots.
GOOD a non-too-subtle satire on ... the crime genre, with especially good pokes at Jules Dassin's heist masterpiece Rififi
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
GOOD Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
FAIR A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
GOOD Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
FAIR On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
GOOD Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
FAIR Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
FAIR It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
FAIR Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
GOOD Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
GOOD The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
FAIR With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
GOOD A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
GOOD One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
GOOD It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
GOOD For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
FAIR So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
GOOD A lovely Italian palette that questions if we can settle down to a life of struggle without having first lived life at its best.
GOOD What is happiness within the film's world? Fellini offers no easy answers.
GOOD Everything has changed, and nothing has changed. How sour it still is.
GOOD Along with his later 8 1/2, La Dolce Vita is regarded as one of acclaimed Italian director Federico Fellini's best-loved and most influential films. The '60s-set tale of one man's struggle with the so-called "sweet life" stars Marcello Mastroi
GOOD In spite of its thematic ugliness, this is a stunning-looking trawl through the Italian capital, with Ekberg's impromptu paddle in the Trevi fountain still the films enduring image.
GOOD Magico e inesquecivel, representa nao apenas um fascinante estudo de personagem, mas tambem um mergulho dilacerante na fragilidade humana. E Ekberg tornou-se, para sempre, uma das maiores personificacoes de sensualidade oferecidas pelo Cinema.
GOOD ...experienced as a series of bizarre vignettes, a headlong rush into the heady air of Rome's Via Veneta , its swank nightclubs and seedy gigolos, the perfume of fame and the stink of money.
GOOD Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" operates on so many levels that it's tough to know where Fellini is coming from or where he's headed, regardless of how many times you've watched his film.
GOOD After what we've seen of decadence during the past three decades or so, La Dolce Vita now seems tame, but people wasting time in nightclubs, dancing in the fountains of Rome, and just generally hanging out seemed a bit of a shock in 1960.
GOOD My heart wants to tell you that it's a great film, but my head fights it. I can settle it by saying that it's important, and that its joys outnumber its missteps.
GOOD This remains a landmark movie that should be seen by every self-respecting movie buff.
GOOD Primo Fellini!
GOOD What's incredible about Federico Fellini's work is its sense of life. Never once does this movie feel constructed or contrived, but rather appears to be unraveling before us, unscripted and uninhibited.
GOOD Rather than wallow in cynicism, Fellini's genius is characterised by a zest for life -- albeit a tragically insatiable one -- as he sprinkles dreamlike snapshots like glitter in the darkness.
GOOD Roman opera, a nocturnal vision demarcated by dawns, purring a siren's call of temptation and dissolution.
GOOD For all of its great moments, it's the tender sadness Fellini creates that makes "La Dolce Vita" resonate more than 40 years later.
GOOD A timeless, bittersweet carnival of severed roots, disintegrating values, lost innocence and dumbing down. Unmissable!
GOOD It's a comic, cutting and prophetic poem to Rome, movie stars, gossip and the lifestyles we have hungered to know more about ever since the first 'celebrity.'
GOOD Federico Fellini's parody of the parasites who bask in the glory of cheap publicity not only exposes the emptiness of their lives, but also of those who report their antics as if they were of world-shattering import.
GOOD Fellini's world is a joy to behold
GOOD As much as La Strada, 8 1/2 or Amarcord, La Dolce Vita still marks a summit of Fellini and of post-war Italian moviemaking.
GOOD It's just perfect.
GOOD [Fellini's] poetic sensibilities are in full effect. There's also a tremendous soulfulness that roots the movie's depiction of sin in the soil of introspection.
GOOD It received universal acclaim upon its release in 1960, and in retrospect it's the work that best represents its director.
GOOD A profound film by a legendary director in the greatest period of his career.
GOOD Truly unforgettable.
GOOD In sum, it is an awesome picture, licentious in content but moral and vastly sophisticated in its attitude and what it says.
GOOD Richly detailed, provocative and more than a little disconcerting, it represents a major filmmaker on the verge of his complete power.
GOOD As thought provoking as it is playful, as tragic as it is hilarious, La Dolce Vita is prime Fellini.
GOOD La Dolce Vita is the kind of movie you wanna grow old with.
GOOD Fellini's best film, in which the fragility of the characters is not overwhelmed by the director's decadent indulgences.
GOOD I consider it to be one of the greatest films of all time.
BAD Barely five minutes in, Will is already choking on an airless script and bumping desperately off its flyweight supporting players...
BAD The idea is sweet enough, recalling Africa United, but the execution is painfully amateur. Improbable, hackneyed and very dull.
BAD This superficial family drama will appeal to many Reds' fans, but it's also so twee compared with Danny Boyle's Millions (2004) that it's unlikely anybody else will want to go near.
BAD It just feels rather silly, as if it assumes such a reverent audience couldn't possibly need anything as pedestrian as believable characters or a likely plotline.
GOOD Any reprisal of the Yojimbo character is a welcome one, even if the pairing of these two cinematic legends didn't quite produce as much chemistry as hoped for
FAIR Un relato crudo, probablemente desconcertante y extranamente tragicomico, solo para seguidores incondicionales del director, que repite su estilo sin sorpresas.
GOOD It's a deceptively satisfying, almost magical achievement, like being stranded in a desert yet never going thirsty.
GOOD A wholly satisfying comic-existential bit of fluff.
FAIR Kaurismaki's spare style and economical storytelling are well-suited to this particular story about loneliness, as the director never muddies the frame with sentimental dross or lugubrious inclinations.
FAIR Kaurismaki is self-consciously tapping into the raw pathos of an earlier time in cinema (the pain and loss that often accompanied Charles Chaplin's Little Tramp, for example). The idea works, though it is finally wearing.
BAD The director's existential sarcasm is muted here.
BAD So dry it's parched, this study of a passive loser whose life just keeps getting worse is basically a series of noir cliches clothed in arthouse anomie.
GOOD The distance Kaurismki creates belies his deeply humanistic streak. He engages characters in the direst of situations not to see them suffer but to search for hope.
FAIR Stripped of much of the director's trademark deadpan humor and saddled with such an extremely passive protagonist, getting through the drama becomes an exercise in patience.
FAIR It's a handsome production, and a pleasure to watch.
FAIR If you're new to Kaurismaki, the film will make you a fan. If you've seen everything else he's ever done, the comedy will confirm your commitment.
FAIR A mood of cosmic desolation seeps like late autumn sunlight filtered through clouds in Aki Kaurismaki's Lights in the Dusk.
GOOD Kaurismaki's underdog tragicomedy is an elegant piece of modern urban noir.
GOOD dumbfounding the audience once again, mixing the metaphysical with the meanderingly amusing.
GOOD Kaurismaki once again hints at oceans of emotion underneath the minimalist surface.
GOOD It all sounds brutally miserable, but a spry comic flicker, and Koistinen's dim but undying hope keep things surprisingly light, while brilliantly efficient storytelling gives the human tale almost all of the short 77 minutes to unfurl.
FAIR If you're a fan of Finnish director Aki Kaurismaki's deadpan comedy world, then his latest piece of controlled, semi-stylised whimsy will be right up your alley.
GOOD Ignore accusations that this is sluggish and inconsequential. This is textbook Kaurismaki, from its drolly laconic style to its delicious cinematic nostalgia.
BAD Lights in the Dusk suggests what it might be like to stare at Bill Murray in a coma for 75 minutes.
GOOD A noir on Ativan, Lights in the Dusk displays another of Kaurismaki's best traits: his deep sympathy for the world's most helpless (and hapless) souls.
BAD A rare misstep for director Kaurismaki.
FAIR Shrew's Nest is a slow, slow burn, but once the fireworks ignite, they explode in a spectacularly bloody spectacle that showcases Macarena Gomez's dementedly enjoyable performance.
FAIR Comes complete with a darkly comic undertone which makes for such enjoyable and unashamedly entertaining cinema.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding little horror flick.
FAIR A riveting character piece which will stir the soul upon completion.
FAIR Un relato sensible y sutil sobre la reconstruccion de un vinculo interrumpido traumaticamente. Mas que atendible debut en la direccion del escritor Philippe Claudel, con estupendas actuaciones de sus protagonistas femeninas.
FAIR The well-drawn, intriguing characters and vividly realistic situations make for an interesting story that holds your attention. The conversations are natural and succinct.
FAIR The last-act revelation leaves the audience off the hook in a way that's more common for a soothing Hollywood picture than this sort of challenging French import.
FAIR In the hands of Kristin Scott Thomas it becomes the story of one woman's struggle with the events of her life...
GOOD Remarkable directorial debut of French novelist Claudel.
FAIR Madeline Goes to Prison tops Madea Goes to Jail
GOOD Reminds us of how truly brilliant filmmaking needs none of the technology and bombast Hollywood has come to depend on.
FAIR Don't let the Harlequin Romance title fool you.
GOOD Claudel has made a very special kind of star vehicle -- the kind that's also a very good movie overall.
FAIR The movie's fascinating when it tracks Juliette's tentative, almost unwilling progress back into society.
FAIR The ending is a cop-out: It lets the audience off the hook while congratulating it for its empathy.
FAIR Thomas and Zylberstein are exceptional beyond the film itself, which demands deliberation and made me wish that it delivered a more memorable payoff for that patience.
GOOD The detail in I've Loved You So Long is incredible. There's a tightness of structure that makes no moment seem inessential.
FAIR This isn't a movie about big emotional breakthroughs, but about the slow thaw taking place in Juliette's heart, and writer-director Philippe Claudel and the actors do an excellent job in charting a series of small, telling steps forward.
GOOD 'I've Loved You So Long' feels convincing even when jolting developments occur.
FAIR A good movie with a great performance, I've Loved You So Long is about one rewrite away from perfection.
GOOD In a few moments the British actress, playing a haunted woman named Juliette, will begin speaking French, but in these moments her face reveals more than any dialogue.
GOOD In a profession that routinely casts aside leading ladies when they hit 40, it's a shame a great one had to take her act to France to remind us that actors, like wines, only improve with age.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long isn't a perfect movie, thanks to the wrinkle at the end but it is so good for so long that it begs forgiveness.
FAIR This is a drama about the role of forgiveness in daily life, made compelling by an actress with a flair for the ordinary.
FAIR Makes the most out of dead air and empty spaces.
BAD As much as Thomas transcends her typically reserved, austere presence, it's not quite enough to give the movie the emotional weight it so desperately reaches for.
GOOD Scott Thomas' spare movements and flinty expression reflect Juliette's will to hold in her emotions like a dam about to burst - and when it finally does, the results are heartbreaking.
FAIR [The cast] bails the film out when it gets itself into some particular tricky spots.
GOOD This film teaches the rewards of patience for directors, for actors and for audiences, too.
BAD I've Loved You So Long is very thin and artificial; characters behave erratically and illogically for no other reason than to serve the forward thrust of the plot.
GOOD Kristen Scott Thomas' performance is the backbone to an emotionally moving story about a woman searching for redemption within herself. Seek this out!
FAIR Kristen Scott Thomas delivers a powerhouse portrayal of a woman with a secret past in this downbeat yet rewarding French melodrama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, the movie pulls you in with its squarely realistic setting and subdued performances. Best of all is Thomas.
GOOD Claudel's Juliette is one of the year's great movie characters, and she has earned the right to keep some things just for herself.
FAIR Utterly absorbing.
FAIR Thomas gives it her all, uncorking every ounce of emotion she'd held in check, with Herculean restraint, over the better part of two hours.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long is about the repercussions of tragedy, the difficulty of being supportive, the need for patience in the face of despair. Without saying much, Scott Thomas carries the entire enterprise on her slender shoulders.
GOOD If Scott Thomas' performance, with her limpid, wounded eyes and her brittle, angular physique, is the movie's face, then Elsa Zylberstein's Lea is, in a sense, its mainspring.
GOOD Kristin Scott Thomas gives a performance that is so chilling, so braced in pain that it's almost impossible to bear. Almost impossible, because, in fact, it's impossible not to behold this riveting piece of role immersion.
GOOD The most brilliant of all Soviet silent films.
GOOD The director displays a vivid imagination and an artistic appreciation of motion picture values.
GOOD Eisenstein's film still has a hypnotic urgency.
GOOD Don't be put off by its highbrow reputation, this is essential cinema.
GOOD Who needs Avatar in 3D when you can have this?
GOOD Nearly 90 years on, Eisenstein's masterpiece is still guaranteed to get the pulse racing.
GOOD It is a knockout.
GOOD For a piece of propaganda, this has a lot more artfulness than you'll recall, replete with quiet moments of public mourning and a stirring flag-hoisting (dyed red on the new print, too).
GOOD Sergei Eisenstein's masterpiece is a persistently political work salvaged by its unforgettable grasp of motion.
GOOD Eisenstein proved himself to be the first of what would become a familiar filmmaking type: the entertainer/sadist.
GOOD Startlingly beautiful.
FAIR comes from a time where films communicated primarily through images, even if its themes fade into historical irrelevance.
GOOD As agitprop, Potemkin is a masterpiece. As art, it leaves something to be desired.
GOOD Nowadays, the film's technical achievements take center stage; its astonishing 'montage' editing techniques (which Eisenstein wrote about at length) still get the blood pumping.
GOOD Theories of montage and Eisenstein's developments to the language of cinema to one side, Potemkin is first and foremost a powerfully visceral film. Its very lack of subtlety works in its favor. The film is not a meditation, it's a shout.
GOOD Other than Citizen Kane, this film probably has the largest amount written about it. It is rightly considered a masterpiece.
GOOD If you only ever see one silent, this is the one it should be.
GOOD If you are at all interested in the history of cinema, or the influence of 20th century politics on the medium, then this film is a must-see, although over an hour of Soviet propaganda is likely to test the patience of modern viewers.
FAIR An exceptionally beautiful movie with some winning performances from a young and unproven cast,
GOOD George Washington is a mood piece first, and its triumph is in bottling up the intense feeling of early adolescence, and watching how tragedy transforms it.
FAIR Oh, you could analyze and debate and dissect the individual vignettes to smithereens, which is what makes it literary, I 'spect. But that would be too much like homework.
GOOD What makes Green's work such a thing of beauty is its relentless, yet altogether genuine, modesty.
FAIR Stylized to the point of poetry, David Gordon Green's impressive debut fuses the lyricism of Terence Malick with Harmony Korine's willingness to poke around the garbage-strewn landscape of the American underclass.
GOOD Poetic, patient and beautiful, it's an astoundingly mature film from 25 year old debutant director Green.
GOOD Whether George Washington is a false dawn or the start of a whole new hope it remains one of the films of the year. Dream with it while you can.
GOOD Like eavesdropping on people you didn't even know existed in America
GOOD A gorgeous, almost non-narrative portrait of kids in small-town America
GOOD Beautifully-photographed, lyrical film by debut director David Gordon Green -- definitely a talent to watch.
GOOD Surprising, rare gem.
GOOD One of the most striking and affecting American independent films of the year, heralding the arrival of a formidable young talent in Green.
FAIR Brave and thoughtful and aesthetically pleasing.
GOOD George Washington is the closest thing we have to William Faulkner on screen
GOOD George Washington is the best American film of 2000.
FAIR With a kind of eerie beauty and simplicity, David Gordon Green captures a slice of American life in this truly original film.
GOOD A shockingly powerful film and, better yet, manages to do so in under 90 minutes.
FAIR You want to like the film more, but, unfortunately, it just moves too slowly, not enough happens and the characters just don't have enough interesting or original things to say.
GOOD An abstract, symbolic title is perfect for such an abstract, symbolic movie.
GOOD A work of startling originality that will haunt you for a good, long time.
GOOD A work of uncommon beauty and intelligence, one that is smart enough to trust its characters and the technical contributions of its crew.
GOOD The film's composition is nearly flawless, with the filmmakers juxtaposing the lush, Southern landscape with the rusted, twisted remains of industrial parks and warehouses that have been deserted and forgotten.
FAIR Too eager and too ambitious to be a classic.
GOOD Haunts and intrigues at every turn.
GOOD It remembers a summer that was not a happy summer, but there will never again be a summer so intensely felt, so alive, so valuable.
GOOD A film that, while sometimes maddeningly incomprehensible, is evocative, elegant and beautiful.
FAIR Not like any other movie. That, in itself, makes it something to see.
GOOD A film that feels truly unusual, refreshing, and ultimately affecting.
FAIR Flawed but worthwhile.
GOOD So urgent it's hard to ignore
BAD The movie isn't about much of anything, which you will find out if you can manage to stay awake.
FAIR Green effectively creates his main characters and imbues the film with a powerful sense of place and mood.
FAIR Alexander Sokurov's obscure new film Father and Son doesn't quite come off.
GOOD for a hit of pure cinema, you could do no better...than to spend a few moments reveling in its high
GOOD This strikingly beautiful film from Alexander Sokurov (Russian Ark) captures relationships in an ethereal way that gets way under the skin.
BAD A beautiful but static viewing experience that utterly fails to touch the viewer.
FAIR Although Father and Son is never as deep or wrenching as Mother and Son, the careful casting and Sokurov's unique visual style continue to make this a series worth following.
BAD The film seems to have internalized Sokurov's inspiration so far that it becomes a blur of hints and vapors.
FAIR The best way to watch Father and Son is to let it wash over you and not be overly concerned with prosaic matters like plot.
FAIR Father and Son is definitely a puzzle, and frankly I was about to walk out on it before it drastically improved.
FAIR Poised and teasing in a way that might incite less patient viewers to madness. But you don't come to Sokurov for his narrative agility, you come for his rhapsodic longueurs.
GOOD As it links paternalism, militarism, and nationalism, this achingly beautiful film proves dreamily seductive but also profoundly disturbing.
FAIR A magnificently shot exercise in tedium.
GOOD Nothing much happens by way of plot in the course of Father and Son, but it offers a fresh and often startling vision of one of the most fundamental relationships between human beings.
FAIR Sokurov vividly evokes the emotions underlying paternal love and filial devotion.
FAIR A feast for the eyes.
FAIR It's a film that will polarize audiences -- some will squirm in their seats while others will go with the art and flow.
BAD For those not familiar with Sokurov's work, the opaque, exclusive dialogue, surreal reality and the cryptic relationships may come across as ponderous and pretentious.
GOOD Sokurov firmly establishes his film as a spiritual parable; the characters' every glance and touch seems a cosmic gesture...
GOOD Like most of Sokurov's movies, this oblique parable is mysterious, elliptical, irresistible.
GOOD a unique, striking, poetic expression of the tumultuous emotions shared by a man and his boy at the crossroads of their lives.
GOOD Alexander Sokurov's new film is like a dream, or a half-translated poem. Its images and emotions are memorable and vivid, but its intentions often feel stubbornly hermetic.
GOOD A more naked movie than Father and Son is hard to imagine and would be impossible to watch.
GOOD A lustrous and passionate portrait of paternal bonds.
FAIR Father And Sons deals with a serious subject, but it's generally very funny, and the humour is more or less adult.
FAIR A tasty hors d'oeuvre while waiting for a really good French film to come along.
GOOD Utilizando a montagem de forma precisa para estabelecer o ritmo da vida de seus personagens, Yimou narra uma historia bem-humorada e reveladora sobre a China contemporanea, sendo auxiliando por Gong Li em um de seus melhores desempenhos.
GOOD Sparks of genius already apparent.
GOOD One of Zhang Yimou's finest moments.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
FAIR The first hour has a grim and gritty anti-charm that's quite devilishly entertaining. And then the wheels kinda come off.
FAIR No sera una gran pelicula, pero es un raro ejemplar en estos dias cuyo hallazgo produce un placer inusual. Gerard Depardieu ofrece una actuacion conmovedora.
FAIR There's no reason this cliche-ridden French drama should work, but it does, and there's the beauty of it.
FAIR Casadesus - at 97, a French national treasure who has been wowing stage and screen audiences since the 1930s - tenderly manages to make great literature sound like conversation, and vice versa.
FAIR [Depardieu] is as emblematic of his country as Tom Hanks is of ours, and "My Afternoons With Margueritte" is his "Forrest Gump." Only better.
FAIR Only the good aspects of traditional village culture concern writer-director Jean Becker, who aims for charm rather than profundity, and hits the bull's-eye with this leisurely film.
FAIR It's a lovely French character study.
FAIR The happy ending lays it on too thick, but what the hell: In for a dime, in for a dollar.
BAD A predictable, undernourished love story.
FAIR It's a lovely movie.
FAIR Subtly sweet and compassionate, appealing to art-house filmgoers of a certain age.
FAIR It's determined to look on the bright side. The film isn't about the actor's intelligence. It's about his emotional radiance.
GOOD The film is leisurely paced, as many French films are, and not much actually happens, but as a character study, it feels true, and ultimately moving.
FAIR Though mostly sunny, Afternoons has its chills.
FAIR By the time the film ends, you'll honestly believe you've just spent a languid afternoon in a lovely coastal village, and with excellent company.
FAIR The story is sentimental and slight, but the chemistry between Depardieu and Casadesus makes up for any faults.
GOOD This little gem is all about the nature of chance encounters and how they can change us in unexpected ways.
BAD It rarely rises above the pedestrian.
GOOD A tender and touching love story in a small French town where two unlikely people connect in an appealing and magical way.
FAIR An affable reminder that the French are just as capable of making cornball cinema as any Hollywood studio.
BAD This sentimental tale of a barely literate man's awakening at the hands of an elderly bibliophile is generally as painless as it is hackneyed.
FAIR It's got a fable-like, fairytale ambience that's just this side of corny, but that kind of hope is very seductive.
FAIR A disarming film with a pair of deftly judged performances at its centre, Jean Becker's My Afternoons With Margueritte risks sentimentality, but maintains a sense of lightness that is its saving grace.
BAD Perfectly pleasant, if mildly underwhelming French feel-gooder.
GOOD The danger is that it becomes sentimental, but there is a difference between sentiment imposed and sentiment earned. The film has only the latter.
FAIR An unlikely friendship is the heartbeat to this undeniably sweet French drama My Afternoons with Margueritte.
GOOD Leaves the sugar at home but still provides a sweetly simple experience.
FAIR An entertaining piece of pure Frenchness which reminds us of the value of older people in a world where the potential for lifelong ''education, education, education'' exists everywhere all of the time.
FAIR Sweet-centred and unashamedly sentimental, My Afternoons With Margueritte is a warm and generous film.
GOOD Small but perfectly formed, this unassuming French comedy is smart, emotionally engaging and often very funny.
FAIR Depardieu and Casadesus make a sweet enough pair to ensure this is pleasantly diverting...
BAD A parochial French time-passer which waddles along amiably and then ends unforgivably.
BAD While it's never going to set the box office alight, it was a pleasure to watch this charmer from France.
BAD You really will need a sweet tooth for this one. Or rather, you will need a complete set of dentures made out of Mars Bars and Creme Eggs.
BAD A saccharine prose poem over the closing credits underlines the nausea.
FAIR Gisele Casadesus as the biddy and Depardieu as the lunkhead guide us towards their own unshowy truth.
FAIR Refusing to settle down to focus on its intriguing central story, filmmaker Greg Francis whirls around through a series of whizzy flashbacks that layer in all kinds of subtext and interest.
BAD Solid cast tripped up by a too-simple but overly tricky story
FAIR Goes from comedy to horror to suspense. The visual story telling is tricky and the writing is even more so.
BAD The majority of it runs at the speed of the last five minutes of a Christopher Nolan film, when entire story beats are compressed into a shot or a line.
FAIR Poker Night is a "wild card" watch, but Greg Francis flashes a winning hand by making a memorable monster out of Michael Eklund.
FAIR A truly enjoyable movie, with a truly wonderful ensemble
FAIR ...with this group of actors (including Sam Raimi, of all people, as a clumsy handyman) it's hard to ever really get bored.
GOOD Big Chill-ish camp reunion movie with some lovely performances.
BAD If you like to go to weddings of humdrum people you don't know, you won't want to miss Indian Summer.
BAD Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew.
BAD A mish-mash of mediocre formulas.
FAIR This is a story more interested in tone and mood than in big plot points.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well. Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie. It's not his style of fighting. He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick. The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to be missed.
FAIR A straight-up romance that does a nice job of capturing the period, though the three lives of the main female characters stand out as obvious "types."
BAD The movie plods along at a lethargic pace, with occasional flashes of energy in the performances the only things keeping it afloat.
FAIR Director Ben Sombogaart doles out surprise revelations steeped in irony with a multi-layered approach. The movie is sad, hopeful and uplifting. Strengths include the gorgeous cinematography, meticulous art direction capturing the look of the...
FAIR This very pretty melodrama is a rather ordinary entry.
FAIR The events in the plot are the stuff of soap opera, but the movie treats it seriously, and the acting is convincing enough that we forgive the story and begin to care about the characters.
FAIR Lovely scenery and historical context elevate the sentimental story lines above the soap opera domain.
FAIR A tearjerking romance that belongs to another era, when female moviegoers wanted to be transported, not grounded in grim realities.
FAIR For anyone who shrugs at today's movies and thinks "they don't make 'em like they used to," here's a classy, good-looking chick flick in the old-school tradition.
BAD I find it hard to believe there will be a worse movie performance this year than the one Elise Schaap inflicts on us in the Dutch "Bride Flight."
BAD "Bride Flight'' is the sort of old-fashioned women's picture they stopped making around the time Christina Crawford had to put away the wire hangers.
FAIR One should never discount the appeal of pretty people in pretty places.
FAIR It does everything but hand viewers a glass of white wine, light candles and draw them a bath.
FAIR A nostalgic glimpse into tangled destinies.
BAD A hackneyed, overlong soap opera with decent performances, a seemingly interesting premise and beautiful scenery, but neither of those can compensate for its contrived, unmoving and often pedestrian screenplay.
FAIR [M]odern version of Westward the Women . . .offers American moviegoers an entertaining, yet classy, [romantic] vacation trip through time and place.
GOOD What's truly moving here are the characters, who all feel real enough to make you want to shout an occasional warning, like a fan in a horror movie. Except this time it's not "Don't go in the basement!" but "Don't marry him!"
FAIR Sombogaart approaches his soapy subject with just enough restraint. As a result, you can convince yourself it's a highbrow arthouse film even as you're swooning and sniffling over so many tangled love stories.
FAIR The kind of lush, epic romantic weepie that Hollywood used to deliver on a regular basis for packed matinees at Radio City Music Hall.
FAIR The weepy story at the heart of "Bride Flight" is trumped by its sumptuous depiction of New Zealand in the 1950s and '60s. This lushness has the effect of a powerful fabric softener added to the wash.
GOOD Bride Flight gives a panoramic sweep of lives as they're lived, as there is a lot of beauty in it.
GOOD A fluid and well-acted Dutch film about the adventures of three women and their quest for happiness in the exotic new world of New Zealand.
FAIR Bride Flight is the most lavishly entertaining Dutch film since Paul Verhoeven's fabulous The Black Book.
FAIR A sometimes silly but enjoyable experience.
BAD While each of the three women are given their particular dilemmas, none are sufficiently fleshed out beyond the demands of the story's limited situations.
FAIR A long, long, trail a-winding, to be sure. But fans of PBS, history and a certain kind of old-fashioned moviemaking may fall in.
FAIR By modestly embracing its inherent minimalism and finding the emotions underlying even the most schematic of scenarios, the film taps into something unmistakably human.
FAIR Trench warfare as the backdrop for a tawdry love triangle about as incestuous as it gets.
BAD A cliche-ridden, thoroughly forgettable, at times just plain dull affair, with broad characterisations and musty plot turns that would seem embarrassing even on TV - where it ideally belongs.
FAIR The ending is dynamite and will shock children just as much as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
FAIR The filmmakers tell this World War I story beautifully, but they never quite bring it to life as a proper movie. By taking a gently simplistic approach, it never feels like anything new as it deals with the usual topics of battlefield camaraderie.
FAIR The performances are admirable and the intentions unimpeachable.
BAD Class conflict, broken hearts, self-sacrifice and the muddy, senseless folly of war are all lightly touched upon in a starchy, old-fashioned drama.
BAD The story is told with a flashback structure which was rather nimbler on the page than it is here, and much of the dialogue grants the characters uncanny powers of foresight.
GOOD Essentially conventional in his approach, director Pat O'Connor has delivered a mostly faithful and moving account of Morpurgo's fine book.
BAD It plods along with seemingly no concern for holding our interest.
BAD Private Peaceful is a cliched study of two brothers going to war: Rolf Harris's Two Little Boys, minus the music.
FAIR O'Connor shows his old-school expertise in the charming country childhood sequences, where the film feels most individual and alive.
FAIR Private Peaceful is a small-scale story in essence, which works efficiently on the non-epic scale in which it's presented.
FAIR Minor pacing gripes aside, this is a moving tale about humanity's darkest depths.
BAD The lacklustre landscapes are all of a wash with the watercolour performances and pallidly portentous tableaux of war and peace.
FAIR Pat O'Connor gives the story a sturdy if rather old-fashioned treatment.
FAIR With the feel of prestige telly, it's nicely done, sweet and moving.
BAD It's left to the leads to keep us engaged, a tall order given their film's old-fashioned, fusty feel.
BAD There are good action sequences but it has been ham-fistedly cut for UK distribution.
FAIR Yen again proves one of the few martial artists equally adept with subtler emotional beats.
FAIR Dragon roars.
GOOD Chan's film may be derivative of plenty of other films (most notably David Cronenberg's A History of Violence) but it manages to keep things fresh and exciting.
GOOD Full of blistering action sequences worthy of the Shaw Brothers legacy. A treat for martial arts fans.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan's frenetic, high-kicking thriller runs a full 20 minutes shorter than it did at Cannes in 2011 and feels all the better for it.
GOOD Dragon delivers a few swift kicks and a barrage of bone crunching punches to the standard expectations of a remake. Dragon is a stunning display of martial arts action, mesmerizing detective work, and engaging performances.
GOOD Gracefully acted, brilliantly shot, and effortlessly combining both character study and superb butt kicking, Wu Xia is an excellent post-modern subgenre gem.
FAIR "Dragon" has enough interesting left turns in style, mood and psychodrama to make it stand out.
FAIR The movie hurtles along at a pitch of sentiment and melodrama that would make MGM blush, and it's mostly very diverting.
BAD As a whole, it does not quite work, especially at the end, when Mr. Chan tries for a Shakespearean climax of filial rebellion and paternal rage.
BAD The large canvas and pseudo-superhero tactics work for a bit, but then the action gets sidetracked in place of myth-building.
FAIR What it lacks in plot development, it gains in sheer momentum and an outstanding performance.
FAIR Hi-ya!-accentuated kung fu smackdowns make everything better.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan and Deonnie Yen Chan are too resourceful to let things remain dull for long.
FAIR The film is derivative, undernourished, and a bit tacky, but it's solidly average to above-average within its genre.
BAD Truly, the best martial arts film about elephants yet made.
GOOD If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does, it would be the bestselling video game in history.
BAD Exactly like an elephant, mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement.
BAD Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script.
FAIR By the end you're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought.
FAIR The story is incoherent (possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original), but if you enjoy fight scenes, this is an eye-popping amazement...
BAD Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot.
FAIR Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films. So no one should be surprised to see his name in the credits of "The Protector," which he presents to American audiences.
BAD "Protector" is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes, and even the fights don't showcase Jaa's immense talent to full effect.
GOOD The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle.
FAIR Tony Jaa is a bad mother****er.
GOOD At least four stars' worth of guilty pleasure, and maybe more.
FAIR The editing is wildly haphazard, the story continuity is a mess, and some of the photography is just terrible, but I'll be darned if the movie isn't fun.
BAD These early fights, as goofy and inventive as they are, build up our goodwill toward Jaa, [but] the limb-breaking, tendon-severing finale dispels it.
FAIR Sadly, the production values don't do Jaa any favors
FAIR As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003's Ong-Bak: Thai Warrior, it's a whole lotta fun.
BAD ... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.
FAIR ... include[s] some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
BAD The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences. The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and 'presenter' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80.
BAD The Protector (aka Tom yum goong) is on a par with most Jackie Chan films, but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan's films so appealing.
FAIR Fun, violent, and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants, it isn't art, it isn't particularly skillful craft (outside of the fight scenes and RZA's aural contributions), but it's an awfully good time.
BAD The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector, a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak's 'You stole my village idol!' chopsocky chase picture.
FAIR All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior. He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.
FAIR A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting 'You stole my elephants!' in this infectious b-movie smack down.
BAD This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script, and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles.
FAIR An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture.
FAIR A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies, The Protector doesn't hold up to scrutiny if you're looking for a coherent story or powerhouse acting.
BAD Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak, but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality.
FAIR The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences. Perhaps next time we'll actually get to see the film he made.
BAD The resulting fights range from choppy, grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece.
BAD With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie, y'know, a little less Thai, director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited, badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch. Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, does it? Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter. He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
BAD The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
GOOD Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
GOOD It's not about Bushido, it's about its representation.
FAIR Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai reveals yet another facet of this always-unpredictable filmmaker: a flair for compassionate, humane melodrama.
BAD Hara-Kiri may be a lesser Miike work, but it's still a (literally) gutsy exercise in prolonged narrative recursiveness.
FAIR Miike's remake is actually less intense than the original.
FAIR A quiet, narratively layered period drama with a focus squarely on character.
BAD Pointless 3D, and with the way the story was told, there were no surprises. It does however feature the most horrific suicide I've watched on film.
FAIR Miike can't seem to get enough of Hanshiro's heroics. That's not just visual excess, though.
FAIR The movie is tellingly named after the blunt, informal term for the ritual (hara-kiri means "cut belly") and effectively deglorifies these "honorable" ritual suicides.
BAD There are many more enlightening and entertaining films out there about ancient Japanese traditions that are far more deserving of your time.
FAIR A 3-D epic that, despite its title, is more of a soap opera than a swordplay thriller.
GOOD It's an indelible picture of a cold-hearted ruling class that has allowed self-interest and hypocrisy to override its own humanity.
FAIR Miike brings a formal, elegant restraint to his usual flair for wild theatrics.
FAIR More moving than shocking, it proceeds slowly and gracefully, and the few scenes of bloodshed are emotionally intense rather than showily sensational.
GOOD Miike turns the format's inherent limitations, especially the tendency toward visual murkiness, to his advantage, fully immersing us in a world suffused with moral and ethical rot.
BAD Takashi Miike lets his familiar tastelessness get the better of him, relishing the grisly seppuku-by-bamboo in unnecessary detail.
FAIR It wouldn't just be a bad pun to suggest that this film hits you in the gut.
GOOD It's far from perfection but those who are more interested in consideration than carnage might find that such dignified imperfection will do.
FAIR The camera moves with a grace and elegance that seems entirely appropriate to a picture so profoundly concerned with ritual.
GOOD This has the lineaments of a classic and would make a great double-bill with Miike's 1999 film Audition on the theme of revenge.
BAD Seek out Kobayashi's superior original instead.
FAIR A surprisingly subdued affair, [but] aficionados will still find enough sword-based shenanigans to keep them engrossed.
FAIR The 3D is completely redundant and the action sporadic but unexpected gearshifts provide plenty of narrative meat.
FAIR The closing reels make up a fight scene even Quentin Tarantino would have thought too one-sided for Uma and her second-hand yellow jumpsuit in Kill Bill.
GOOD It's a quiet thud of a film, which embraces, with grace and precision, the nastiness of growing up with desire stuck in one's throat like a muffled scream.
FAIR Beautifully observed and melancholic
BAD [This] attempt to mine the material for black comedy is full of war-is-hell cliches, flat jokes and ragged storytelling.
BAD Few people will gain a greater understanding of Canada's war from this movie. There are a handful of worthy moments, but it's too bogged down in cliche.
FAIR As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso, Sia lacks visual flair. But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast, and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie, no matter who runs them.
FAIR Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you, Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory.
BAD The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality, but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious.
GOOD Joon-ho Bong lets viewers fall into the cops' frustrations, but these detectives are dogged, not downtrodden. "Memories" shows their lives, however tortured, outside the case - like "Heat" without antagonistic rivalries or a more political "Zodiac."
GOOD Utiliza seu misterio (real) envolvendo o primeiro serial killer sul-coreano para fazer um forte comentario politico e, no processo, cria uma narrativa tensa (mas tambem divertida) povoada de personagens tragicamente ineptos.
GOOD ...merits mention alongside Silence of the Lambs and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer...offers an incisive analysis of the culture that produced the crime.
GOOD Low-key, unassuming, and crafty in the way it slowly gets under your skin, Memories of Murder is a sly and smart thriller.
FAIR Bong not only has an eye for beauty there are some gorgeous shots of the country's farmland but for the absurd.
FAIR The foregone conclusion only adds an extra layer of fatalism to this tale of ineffectual authority and abusive power.
GOOD Memories of Murder is such a taut, effective thriller it's a shame you have to read subtitles to gauge just how good a movie it is.
FAIR straightforward, with minimal flourish
GOOD Suspenseful, surprising, and psychologically rich.
GOOD An almost perversely conceived hybrid -- noirish thriller, social satire and virtual Korean Keystone Komedy with a dash of political attitude.
FAIR For a film about women getting brutally attacked and dispatched, the movie has no sense of urgency or underlying dread.
FAIR Achieves an unlikely but ultimately successful blend of blunt-force comedy and desperate investigation.
GOOD What's most remarkable about it is the way Bong builds real suspense and plays the chilling moments straight while leaving himself room for nonsense and horseplay.
GOOD These are no gritty 'Dirty Harry' cops, nor are they kooky Keystone Kops. You know what they are? They're Columbo - if Columbo were the schlemiel he always pretends to be.
GOOD Manages to transcend the popular and cliched genre by focusing on the emotional toll dealing with such crimes has on the detectives.
GOOD A refreshingly mature thriller that succeeds in its ambitious attempt to blend quips and killings.
FAIR Uneven movie has tonal problems.
BAD Memories of Murder offers a ruminative and affecting approach to a genre not known for its emotional content.
GOOD "Aguirre, The Wrath of God" leaves you feeling as if you are watching a documentary rather than a fictionalized drama. In some ways, what you are seeing is nothing short of the absolute truth.
GOOD Idiosyncratic visionaries don't come any more idiosyncratic or visionary than Werner Herzog.
GOOD The whole movie merges landscapes and character with such force that, once seen, you never forget it.
GOOD Herzog's vision of man disregarding nature and bringing about his inevitable demise is an intoxicating one, and one that demands to be revisited through this wonderfully restored print.
GOOD It looks more magnificent and mad than ever, one of the great folies de grandeur of 1970s cinema, an expeditionary Conradian nightmare like Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
GOOD A journey down river to the mouth of Hell, but also so much more.
GOOD Made for buttons, it's an awesome feat of filmmaking.
GOOD A classic that screams to be seen on the big screen.
GOOD This 1972 German film eschews narrative for hallucinatory images and long takes that plunge you into the whirlpool of the main character's madness. It's less storytelling than a visually disturbing fever dream.
GOOD Potheads who watch this will probably check their stash the next morning to see if any of it's gone.
GOOD A seminal film without which we almost cerainly would not have with us either Apocalypse Now or much of the ouevre of Terence Malick.
GOOD A saga of adventurers driven headlong into annihilation by their own hubris and desire for immortality.
GOOD One of the best films ever made.
GOOD It's a testament to the genius of Aguirre: The Wrath of God that its genesis has spawned its own creation mythology.
GOOD Extraordinary adventure in the Andean jungles
GOOD One of the pre-eminent achievements in world cinema, as far as I'm concerned.
GOOD This is a splendid and haunting work.
GOOD Features one of the strangest and most impressive performances in film history.
GOOD Quiet and atmospheric, creepy and grisly, drenched in both equatorial sunshine and scarlet blood -- the film is startlingly powerful as it subtly examines themes of imperialism, corporate greed and ultimately personal madness.
GOOD Herzog's finest film...one of the great, mad visions of cinema.
GOOD The powerful and near demonic screen presence of Klaus Kinski, combined with the very real danger of the nature that surrounds him and Herzog's gift for making every shot count, is quite remarkable.
GOOD a film of great power and raw brutality
GOOD One of the great haunting visions of the cinema.
GOOD It's a truly amazing movie, an epic made from genius, stubbornness, and madness.
GOOD A stunning, terrifying exploration of human obsession descending into madness.
BAD It drags its feet until its feet are bleeding stumps. Save yourself.
GOOD A film of rare courage and power.
GOOD A minor masterpiece--a moving and economical story that profoundly examines the raw truths of fundamentalism.
FAIR Doesn't sufficiently build on its intriguing premise.
BAD Could have made a nice short film, but it tries viewers' patience by having the story stretched to over an hour and a half with little happening.
FAIR For all the Dogme-ordained restrictions to make the film feel "real," it ends up feeling more artificial.
FAIR The least you can say for it is that's it's truly brazen.
FAIR Not bad for a dogme movie.
GOOD Von Trier has proven his self-proclamations of cinematic genius to be true.
FAIR The Idiots suggests that if Danish iconoclast Lars von Trier's filmsare getting tougher, they're also continuing to reward the patient.
FAIR It's one thing to know in your own ego that you're an intrepid cinematic genius. It's quite another thing to be so cocky that you leave flubbed shots in your movie and call it art.
BAD A tedious, pretentious bore.
BAD Has nothing on its mind besides the squirming discomfort of its audience.
GOOD A testament to Von Trier's technical virtuosity that a film shot with crude video equipment in amateurish conditions could be so gorgeous.
FAIR Taken less as a statement (or prank), though, and more as a series of purely cinematic moments, La Ultima Pelicula is frequently funny and beautiful.
GOOD The film isn't so much about "the end of cinema" as it is about the people who abuse the medium and their subjects for their own political agenda.
BAD Shinjuku Incident strains for social significance, but it is too timidly produced to risk depicting any recognizable reality.
BAD Try as he might, strut as he does toward climactic showdowns with ruthless adversaries, [Chan's] character remains an incongruous muddle. Same goes for the movie.
BAD There is one little problem with the Argentine drama Empty Nest, an all-too-convincing film about a man suffering from a middle-aged malaise: Nothing of interest happens.
FAIR Empty Nest is light in tone and sometimes laugh-out-loud funny, and the humour is generally subtle and grown up.
FAIR Burman's fifth feature is too slight and uneven to fully satisfy, even though it does have much of the same wit and insight as Lost Embrace and Family Law, two previous films that earned the director many comparisons to Woody Allen.
GOOD A leisurely, genial look at a man escaping from his insecurities into a surreal fantasy life, keeping the audience guessing what is real, until he floats into maturity.
BAD In the end, it all can't help feeling a little slight, more a pleasant wade into a writer's neurotic playground than a satisfyingly deep dip.
BAD The script doesn't offer anything especially new, but Burman infuses the film with innovative lensing and capable acting that should draw in viewers.
BAD In Empty Nest, a couple is forced to question their identities and relationships now that parenting is not their most immediate concern.
FAIR An Argentinian film that offers some fresh twists and slants on the challenges of middle-age.
BAD The longer the film's fiftysomething playwright watches his marriage wither, his kids grow up and his teeth rot, the more psychological acuity gives way to the usual obsessing over loss and nubile females.
FAIR This sense of unreality, this feeling of being ill at ease in one's surroundings is communicated via Burman's off-kilter, rhythmic filmmaking.
FAIR Empty Nest doesn't offer anything new in the style Ingmar Bergman made so famous, but the film captures your heart thanks to the fine acting of its two main characters and Burman's deft hand.
FAIR Una comedia dramatica algo melancolica sobre la crisis de los 50, desde el punto de vista de un hombre cuyos hijos han dejado el hogar. Estupenda labor de Oscar Martinez.
BAD No amount of thoughtful dissection can make up for the unpleasant, uncomfortable and unnecessary experience of actually sitting through the thing.
FAIR rich in allegorical theme and symbolic imagery, transforming the most banal of materials into miraculous epiphanies... but all too aimlessly hypnotic to get a firm grip on the viewer's attention.
FAIR Reygadas' direction seems to wander from time to time, as when Marcos walks around in the hills for long minutes without a purpose, but he always brings it back home. He's a perplexing, but voraciously talented filmmaker to watch.
BAD Reygadas' artful but ponderous camerawork succeeds only in turning the intimately exploitative ... into something emotionally distant and stupefyingly dull.
BAD he film's pallid emotional tone, which is in sync with the constancy of the dull gray sky overhead, can make it a hard story to embrace.
BAD Insufferably arty, polemic and winkingly provocative.
BAD There is a stillness to the film that is initially fascinating, but it wears thin quickly.
BAD The only battle I had was deciding whether to watch the whole movie or get out while the getting was good. Unfortunately, I opted to stay to see if it got better... it didn't.
FAIR There's more to this controversial and aesthetically cold film than just its explicit sex scenes. Honest.
BAD A spectacular failure, despite further evidence of the director's keen eye and bold cinematic ideas.
FAIR If you dare to see it, prepare for a challenge.
FAIR Reygadas' gift for imagery is undeniable, but for most viewers, Battle in Heaven will offer not enlightenment but frustration.
FAIR ... Reygadas has made a sensationalist picture in which all the sensation is willfully dulled.
FAIR I'd be lying if I didn't say this is one of the more original and piercing films I've seen in awhile.
GOOD A hypnotic, ruminative examination of class, religion, and sexuality in contemporary Mexico, Carlos Reygadas' Battle in Heaven is cinema at its most polarizing.
BAD Overexposed and underdeveloped.
FAIR It's the way in which these 'debased' elements come together in a Christian allegory of sin and redemption that resists easy, reassuring interpretation.
FAIR Reyadas' radical rejection of filmmaking conventions is at first off-putting, but he's able to elicit remarkable performances from the cast of non-professionals while building tension that will hold viewers' attention.
FAIR Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating.
GOOD Not everyone is going to be willing or able to take this leap of faith, but those who do go along with Reygadas may well feel they have come away having undergone a stunning revelatory experience.
FAIR To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case.
BAD At once unmoored and ruthlessly calculating, the Mexican film Battle in Heaven has everything for everyone or perhaps nothing at all.
GOOD Fighting cliche, presenting the most flawed people as sympathetic and occasionally averting his camera eye as his characters neglect the saving of their own souls, Reygadas has made a movie that is itself an ethical dilemma.
FAIR Depicts the spiritual emergency of an amoral man in Mexico City who plunges into despair and turns to sex as a way out of his funk.
BAD Battle In Heaven is a noble effort from Reygadas but not exactly a good one. For such an involving premise, there is not much going on to keep interest.
FAIR Battle In Heaven suffers from an infuriatingly slow pace and a certain air of impenetrable arthouse movie but it's worth persevering with for some striking imagery and some genuinely shocking scenes.
BAD Battle in Heaven is less an example of sophomore slump than it is a jaw-dropping exercise in misguided ambition.
FAIR Inventive throughout, Reygadas' imagery becomes breathtaking in the closing scenes of religious pilgrimage, where Marco's existential crisis is brought to a harrowing head.
BAD Hurt sells the silliness almost convincingly, but even from such a skillful pitchman it comes out sounding, finally, like junk.
BAD This purported whodunit thriller never solves its main mystery: How and why did this film get made in the first place?
BAD A math- and symbology-tinged thriller adapted by director Alex de la Iglesia, and pitched at a breakneck, didactic clip, absent any sensible, modulated emotional investment in the characters or material.
BAD Disappointing, badly plotted thriller, let down by some dodgy acting, poor direction and a script that makes The Da Vinci Code look like a masterpiece.
BAD The murders are simply chalk marks on a blackboard with no build-up and little fallout.
BAD Not so terrible that you can understand why it's been practically buried by its distributors, but you can get better ridiculous whodunits on TV.
BAD It's a film which isn't in the slightest bit funny or sexy, and is deeply depressing.
BAD A lifeless waste of time.
BAD With an apparent mission to make the ultimate gross-out comedy, first-time director Andy Humphries has instead made something merely gross, which resembles a pilot episode of an uninspired sitcom that somebody neglected to edit.
BAD This is, I hope, the only movie that has shown, or will ever show, Johnny Vegas, topless, in not one, but two gangbang scenes.
BAD This doesn't have the wit to stagger to the end of the pier.
BAD This has all the wit and charm of a smutty seaside postcard.
BAD Neither sexy nor funny.
BAD The result would be unspeakably vile if it wasn't so embarrassingly puerile.
FAIR Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
FAIR This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
BAD Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
FAIR In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change. And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't come straight from the "arthouse" stable.
FAIR The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
GOOD Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
GOOD Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
FAIR Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans. OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
BAD Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed. OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
BAD A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't really go anywhere.
GOOD ...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
FAIR Dujardin mantem um bom equilibrio no tom que confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transforma-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 e minimamente competente.
GOOD The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
FAIR The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre. Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not too far, but toward the loony.
FAIR While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly. But the film never settles into a groove that feels comfortably paced.
BAD French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
FAIR There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
FAIR This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not entirely accurate. This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
BAD This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
FAIR A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
GOOD Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
FAIR [Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
FAIR Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
FAIR Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
FAIR Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though. He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
FAIR Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck. And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
BAD The film is a collection of not especially funny routines - with lots of homophobic jokes thrown in - that have been done to death in previous movies of this sort.
GOOD A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
BAD The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
GOOD Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
BAD [Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
FAIR As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
BAD Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never feel fresh, even when they're actually saying funny things.
BAD Aside from being vile and repellent, it's mainly dull -- old-fashioned in its shock tactics and culminating in a ho-hum climax.
FAIR Mother of Tears may not stand tall in Argento's body of viscera-laden work, but this final chapter of a loosely defined trilogy is refreshingly old school in its trashiness.
BAD Mother of Tears puts a dent in Argento's rep as a horror maestro.
BAD I wanted this to be great. Hell, I would have settled for just above average. This just sucks. All of the key elements are in place -- a solid story, great gore F/X, good sound work ... everything except Dario.
FAIR We come to an Argento picture for the surreal, Baroque imagery, and though much here fits those descriptions, there's a great deal of it that's also quite gaudy and goofy and, dare I say, campy.
BAD Should be locked away for the sake of mankind.
BAD A real shame.
GOOD Just as twisted, surprising and gruesome as anything that Argento has given us in the past and a more than worthy successor to its two predecessors.
BAD A gruesome drama enacted by a cast that speaks English with a bewildering variety of accents, Mother of Tears is reliably gruesome and occasionally startling but not particularly scary.
BAD Asia Argento's outright horrendous performance ruins what could have been a decent B-movie.
FAIR The visuals are vibrant and fans of Argento's bravura bloodletting will thrill to his imaginative use of pikes, entrails and his daughter, who performs a shower scene for Dear Old Dad.
FAIR No, this film doesn't make a ton of sense but it is highly entertaining. An insane, delirious bloodbath.
BAD A crude, artless bogey tale. Attempts to position it as a camp masterpiece are misguided and condescending,
BAD The gore is simply midnight-movie disgusting. And the ending is rushed and flat -- as if it had been tacked on by another hand.
BAD The film lacks the visual class of previous Argento efforts and relies more on shocks than suspense.
BAD Much of this spooky-spirits-in-Rome chiller is by the numbers.
FAIR Although The Mother of Tears teeters on the preposterous and awkward, it is diverting and reveals that the filmmaker's signature bravura flourishes and use of sinister settings are still intact.
FAIR It's hard to find lines and performances like Mother of Tears outside of anything that doesn't come with a XXX rating.
FAIR Mother of Tears transcends camp without forsaking it. Argento pitches the proceedings toward the ridiculous (his pacing is as perfect as some of the witches' breasts are fake) but only in the name of reaching a new cheesy sublime.
BAD This long-awaited final offering about the apocalyptic second sacking of Rome by an unholy pack of demons gets lost in the back alleys of '70s-era Italian horror films and unconvincing Cinecitta Studio sets.
GOOD ...Silly, awkward, vulgar, outlandish, hysterical, inventive, revolting, flamboyant, titillating, ridiculous, mischievous, uproarious, cheap, priceless, tasteless and sublime.
GOOD Hitting the ground running and never giving up for 90 nasty minutes, Mother of Tears is Dario Argento's final statement on his precedent as the definitive Delacroix of dread.
FAIR So logically impaired, so clumsily written and so haphazardly designed that it's a sheer delight.
BAD not nearly enough action and gore, and there's far too much time spent on uncovering secrets and tracking down random tidbits
FAIR The final installment of filmmaker Argento's Three Mothers series, this rollicking scarefest boasts roving bands of leggy witches, blundering priests, and voices from Beyond.
FAIR A fascinating effort in '70s horror nostalgia, or proof that they don't make them like they used to for good reason.
BAD Dario Argento's ketchupy brand of horror hasn't aged well, nor have his sexual politics. Enjoyably campy at first, then offensive and ultimately just bad.
BAD A kinky alternative to The Da Vinci Code for conspiracy theorists with cast iron stomachs.
FAIR clever
GOOD ...classic entertainment for families.
GOOD This may be one man's story but the themes are epic.
GOOD ...gorgeously photographed and, like Babel, a subtly organized commentary on the ways people strive to communicate.
GOOD Zhang is one of the world's great filmmakers, both in technique and in his rich humanity. Riding Alone will move you.
GOOD Yeah, yeah. Cue the violin music. But also grab a tissue, because the film levels far more of an impact than you might expect.
FAIR The scenery is spectacular, and the movie does boast fine performances by both the stone-faced Takakura and scene-stealing newcomer Yang Zhenbo.
BAD Ken Takakura's memorable performance, occasional light comedy and striking Chinese scenery don't keep Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles and its big message from being ponderous and affected.
FAIR The movie's message is a little too Hallmark Hall of Fame, but Zhang's observant eye neatly captures the idiosyncrasies of Chinese life and the heartbreak in Gouichi's journey.
FAIR It's the kind of story that shows more than it tells, a story that's forged in the spaces that exist in between characters and spaces.
FAIR The themes are universal (if a touch corny), the rugged Chinese scenery is stupendous, and the performances are touching.
GOOD A meticulously crafted film in which nothing is ever forced or overstated. There's a grace and subtlety that pervades the film and quietly impresses.
BAD Its relentless sentimentality soon turns disingenuous.
GOOD Fathers and sons can't understand each other in Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles, a simple theme in a movie that is simply breathtaking.
FAIR It sounds like a slight plot, and it is, but it is rich in detail that makes up for the simplicity of the story.
FAIR A father takes a spiritual journey from Japan to China to help mend a decades-long rift between himself and his dying son. The lessons learned en route are as profound as they are simple.
FAIR Cynics may not fall for its melodrama, but Riding Alone is good for everyone else, including children.
FAIR It's a slow, if solid, film that draws on the strength of Takata's awakening to the world around him.
GOOD It's a story of emotional and physical distance, one expertly rendered by Chinese director Zhang Yimou.
GOOD A story of parental devotion and reconciliation that is a treat to the eyes and also an enticement to tears of empathy.
FAIR The often stunningly raw landscapes and scenes of village life cannot entirely make the film more than exotically accessible, although themes are spelled out, as if by translation.
BAD Slow and pretty and essentially unsatisfying.
BAD Though lovely and scenic, it drones for thousands of miles.
FAIR A film about human disconnectedness fails to connect -- or, more precisely, the eventual connections seem a bit forced and a tad maudlin.
GOOD As a sad yet joyful celebration of cultural exchange, Riding Alone plays like a small miracle, unfolding in a world as it ought to be.
FAIR In Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles his characters use digital communication appliances to send beautiful sentiments. Using old-school celluloid, so does Zhang.
GOOD One of the most beautiful and touching road movies in recent years.
GOOD Yimou's and Takakura's combined talents turn a picaresque adventure into a rich vein of a gold mine.
FAIR There is a great late-career role for Ken Takakura, a Japanese actor, now in his 70s, who started out in gangster films and has been seen in Hollywood films.
FAIR The film is simple bordering on sentimental bordering on sloppy, yet it's kept in artistic check by the vast backdrops of China's remote Yunnan province and by Takakura's nearly wordless performance.
FAIR [A] sentimental, yet surprisingly effective drama.
FAIR We're touched when we aren't expecting it.
FAIR Shaded intimacy and old-fashioned wisdom suffers from a ponderous pace and hackneyed undertone.
FAIR Takakura gives a fine, touching performance, the kid is adorable, and the supporting characters, particularly Gou-ichi's imperfect interpreter, Lingo (Qiu Lin), add just the right amount of comic relief.
FAIR It's a shame that Yimou didn't spend more time honing and refining his awkward narrative into a film that's ultimately greater than the sum of its many, emotionally engaging parts.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no new ground. But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
FAIR The spectacular visuals and fights are the real stars.
FAIR Veering between gleaming, clean-lined techno-lust and a punkier, junk-space aesthetic, it really is a marvel to look at: an artfully dazzling distillation of videogamey flash, proggy space-majesty and Final Fantasy flounce.
BAD This digitally animated Japanese space adventure is as po-faced as they come.
FAIR Rosselini enlivens a fundamentally stagebound, potentially schematic tale of personal redemption with attention to detail so painstaking, it threatens to bury the narrative.
GOOD A fascinating crossroads in Rossellini's career.
BAD Madonna's acting performance is not more or less than average.
BAD Its creaky, all-consuming insistence on its characters' normalcy entombs everything interesting about them in contrived schlock and transparent gloss-over techniques.
BAD Two movies in one, and there's not enough breathing room for both of them.
BAD A depressing, lugubrious film experience.
BAD Best friends may make the best mistakes, but Madonna makes the absolute worst, at least in terms of her film career.
BAD Any room in that freezer for this inadequate, inauthentic, indigestible film?
FAIR Its greatest liability, unfortunately, is Madonna.
BAD There hasn't been a Hollywood 'message' movie as smug or cheesy as The Next Best Thing in quite a while.
BAD Madonna never emerges as a plausible human being in the movie; she's more like a spokeswoman for a video on alternative parenting lifestyles.
BAD The moment the movie loses its lighthearted spirit is the moment it loses touch with reality.
FAIR A comedy that salutes friendship as a resilient and abiding bond that can carry people over troubled waters.
FAIR It's a failure, but a well-done failure, and those are sometimes worth watching.
GOOD Its performances are appealing, and its heart's in the right place.
FAIR Credible and compelling acting.
GOOD Thoroughly enjoyable!
FAIR Buena muestra de que para ser un verdadero padre hace falta mucho mas que una mera preferencia sexual
GOOD A well-executed character study populated with substantial characters, excellent performances, and an understanding of tragic human nature.
GOOD Wrenching Holocaust fable with bittersweet humor.
GOOD The film's title, which very well could have been a straightforward declaration prior to the war, becomes a source of twisted irony once we witness Guido pull down the grate outside his humble bookshop and the words JEWISH STORE are seen sprayed across th
FAIR With Life Is Beautiful, the final frontier of schmaltz has been reached.
GOOD Benigni's point, made with tender sensitivity, is that a child's innocence is worth protecting.
GOOD Audiences will be laughing hysterically while crying their eyes out.
BAD I had thought The Other Sister was appalling in its exploitation of the mentally disabled to grab your entertainment dollar, but that was nothing, NOTHING compared to what the funny little Italian man has wrought.
GOOD A dramatic rendition of the fortitude required to reclaim the violated spirit and the imaginary optimism needed to save a dying innocence.
GOOD Inspiring, heartrending, funny, sad, surprising and richly imagined.
BAD How appealing you find it will probably depend on your response to Benigni's screen-hogging routines -- the line between endearing and irksome is a fine one.
FAIR Yes, there are heaps of charm and poignancy in this trifle, but it's a trifle nonetheless -- light-and-bright, for sure, but also slight-and-trite.
FAIR ...silly, to be sure, implausible, sometimes slapstick, often sophomoric; but it is never disrespectful. ...a sweet and moving experience.
FAIR Its sentiment is inescapable, but genuine poignancy and pathos are also present, and an overarching sincerity is visible too.
FAIR Its strained poignancy is as thick -- and sweet -- as honey.
GOOD In the real death camps there would be no role for Guido. But Life Is Beautiful is not about Nazis and Fascists, but about the human spirit.
GOOD This is an excellent movie for families to watch together, to discuss not just the historical framework but challenges that parents face when they see their children learn about tragedy and unfairness.
GOOD Regardless, the film's second half is a tender and tragic treatise on the transcendence of a parent's love, and the power of man-made magic to reconstruct the world.
FAIR [Benigni] somehow succeeds at such a genre-bending convention (or unconvention, if you think about it), finding just the right balance between humor and drama so that the film in no way is condescending to the subject matter.
GOOD dares to laugh in the face of the unthinkable. And because Benigni can be heart-rending without a trace of the maudlin, it works.
FAIR Life is Beautiful has come under attack in some circles for mocking the Holocaust. Nothing could be further from the truth.
BAD Sentimentality is a kind of fascism too, robbing us of judgment and moral acuity, and it needs to be resisted. Life Is Beautiful is a good place to start.
BAD The picture doesn't work, at least not to the extent it was intended to.
GOOD brilliantly spectacles the glorious to nauseating extremes the gift of life affords us ... while encouraging our participation in the former.
FAIR It works so hard at being cute that it forgets to be funny.
GOOD A lasting impression is not made by its laughs or sense of reality, but its huge heart.
GOOD A daring, highly original work.
GOOD I have an incredible difficulty having my words do justice to this film.
GOOD Art-house sentimentalists will likely go for Beautiful in a big way, but even those who aggressively resist manipulation can find a lot to admire.
GOOD This is a thoroughly engrossing and densely textured drama, showing Farhadi's cool skill in dissecting the Iranian middle classes and the unhappiness of marriage.
FAIR ...a depressing introduction to the duplicity of adulthood.
BAD Here, the times are changing and so is the plot. In fact, you can expect a mood swing every five minutes, in a story so muddled even the strong cast, including Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, can't save it.
GOOD This poignant, flashback flick, is worthwhile for the opportunity to see a couple of seasoned pros, its very well-acquainted leads, Oscar-nominees Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, opposite each other again, for the seventh time in their careers.
FAIR Techine would have been better off ditching the supporting characters altogether and focusing on the relationship between Antoine and Cecile.
FAIR [Techine's] observations of culture clashes... are thought-provoking but - like most of the movie - keep the audience emotionally separated from the characters' hearts.
FAIR A spare but rich film from French master technician AndrA (C) TA (C)chinA (C).
FAIR [a] strangely moving love story
FAIR Techine is so intrigued by the dramatic differences between the sisters that you might not even notice they are the same actress.
FAIR French director Andre Techine sketches a family with the usual flaws, but takes the unusual step of not fixing them.
FAIR ... another gorgeous and immensely satisfying reminder that there are few better directors than Techine when it comes to capturing the vagaries of the heart.
GOOD If Changing Times' last shots don't touch you, your heart may be frozen.
FAIR Despite its weaknesses, Changing Times (Les Temps Qui Changent in French) is always watchable and even poignant from time to time.
FAIR A surprising entertainment for the mature among us.
BAD Techine has a location, two stars and a situation, but he can't seem to parlay that into a story, and a story would help, not only in terms of audience pleasure (not something to be dismissed) but also in terms of focusing the film's intention.
FAIR [Techine is] intelligent and intuitive, getting up close to his characters and snatching glimpses of their souls with only the tiniest effort.
FAIR Until the film ends, Techine masterfully maintains an uncomfortable suspense, only to provide a soothing, wonderful and much welcome release.
FAIR The film seems to lack real weight or resonance beyond itself, despite the warm and easy working relationship Deneuve and Depardieu share.
FAIR Changing Times offers a cool and refreshing aperitif at the end of a warm Bastille Day.
BAD It's always enjoyable watching Depardieu and Deneuve, but they deserve better material than they've been given by Techine.
FAIR The ending is both shamelessly cliched and -- for Cecile -- out of character.
BAD For all of these interconnected characters, announced intentions take the place of character details.
FAIR Deneuve turns her uncertainty into a poetic, fierce performance
FAIR The movie is burdened by several other, far-less compelling subplots that compete for our attention.
GOOD Every character in Andr&#233; T&#233;chin&#233;'s rich, warmhearted exploration of cultural collision oscillates between two worlds and two ideas about the meaning of experience.
GOOD [Director Andre] Techine always locates a steadfast emotional element in the worlds he creates, a defiant human construct against unstoppable change. In Changing Times, it is love, in unfamiliar forms.
GOOD A strange and oddly touching tale about a man's yearning to reconnect with his first love of 30 years ago.
GOOD The two icons [Deneuve and Depardieu] remain an extraordinary combination.
FAIR There's a greater range of emotional complexity in a single close-up from Changing Times than there is in all of Cache.
BAD ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
GOOD Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
FAIR Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
GOOD Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
FAIR For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
GOOD It's a delight.
FAIR It's a warm, sunny film that should remind viewers favorably of an early Aldomovar film, in which strong, beautiful, but slightly nutty women carry the day.
FAIR ... it's nice to know that Hollywood endings aren't entirely in the straight domain.
BAD Elvira, Sol, and Jimena -- named for women in the life of El Cid -- are so spoiled and blind to their mother's happiness that they're often thoroughly unpleasant.
BAD A graceless film about hateful people...apart from some Prague scenery in the last act, My Mother Likes Women is thoroughly ugly.
BAD A sometimes cloying mix of screwball comedy and drama.
BAD An aggressively silly take on subject matter that deserves more thought, but the performers -- virtually all of whom are women -- have so much energy and conviction you almost don't notice.
BAD Sarda never makes a believable lesbian.
FAIR It's little more than an amusing sitcom.
FAIR ...it's hard not to root for all these characters to get what they want.
FAIR Skirts predictability and political correctness in equal measure, adding up to an entertaining night at the movies.
BAD Despite the promise of its title, this is a movie that skirts the issues of gay relationships at every turn.
BAD Almost no one in this film acts or reacts the way someone would on planet Earth.
FAIR The mother's love affair is key, but the movie belongs to Elvira. Leonor Watling brings warmth to this neurotic creature that makes her shine, even in the midst of chaos.
BAD My Mother Likes Women wants keenly to be hip and modern, but really it's just an old-fashioned drawing-room comedy.
FAIR Slight but amusing and likable.
BAD The film and its star, Watling, could not be more off-putting.
FAIR Leonor Watling is worth the price of admission all by herself.
BAD Cheerfully ham-fisted celebration of love and family in modern-day Madrid.
FAIR It's trying so hard to be a crowd-pleaser that it never stops to think that you might want to find its characters' behavior believable.
BAD Corny and forgettable.
FAIR There's a strong heart beating beneath the foolishness and one wonderful performance from Leonor Watling.
FAIR The fizz of playful sexual anarchy bubbles like spiked ginger ale through the comedy, whose two stars are veterans of recent Pedro Almodovar films.
FAIR Delicately observed and engrossing.
FAIR A purposeful, almost meditative exploration of the scars left on a people's psyche after tragedy.
BAD Seductive yet unilluminating
GOOD Laundry drying in a breeze has never looked so threatening.
GOOD Unique setting and affecting individualized characters impart a contemporary and jarring ache to the traditional tale of the city boy and the country girl.
GOOD It's a film not to be missed.
FAIR There's a folksy majesty to Wonderful Town, born of its leisurely pace, pastoral views of idyllic scenery and a storytelling drive set only slightly faster than slow motion. It recalls a lot of rustic, independent English-language films of the '90s
FAIR A sensitive love story from Thailand set against the aftermath of the 2004 tsunami.
FAIR The way in which the relationship is severed, and its understated depiction, leaves you feeling sad and empty, bringing you into communion with the place and its people.
GOOD It's no small feat to pull off as sweet and sensitive a romance as that between Na and Ton, and something rarer yet to suffuse such affections into a poem of wounded landscape.
FAIR Occasionally, Assarat -- who studied in the US -- drops a hint about sinister times to come, but nothing prepares the audience for what does happen.
GOOD The tsunami looms large, even though it's only mentioned once.
FAIR Story of two lovers trying to stem the tide of gloom and doom in a Thai town devastated by the 2004 tsunami.
FAIR [DirectorAssarat's] raw, poetic sensibility turns this posttraumatic parable into something both dreamy and oddly disturbing.
BAD Contemplative cinema with nothing to contemplate.
FAIR Plenty of diverting anecdotes and intriguing talking heads, but not much deep penetration into the events and issues depicted or their wider impact.
FAIR A brash, diverting and slightly disorganised documentary that reveals how closely Yugoslavian cinema was tied to the Tito regime.
GOOD A nostalgic, poignant documentary, Cinema Komunisto , with its stunning archival footage, is fascinating and enlightening in its championing of a nation that's gone, but should certainly not be forgotten.
GOOD A great way to get the inside track on loads of weirdo sixties war movies without having to sit through them.
FAIR The irreverence pays off in some gobsmacking anecdotes, all backed by archive footage.
FAIR Mila Turajlic's Cinema Komunisto is a Serbian documentary that explores a fascinating piece of history little known outside Eastern Europe.
GOOD It is difficult to find adequate words to describe Charlotte Gainsbourg's unabashed, gritty and magnificently 'cold' performance as Joe
BAD It's self-referential and self-rewarding to the point that it has virtually no other content.
FAIR It's either one of the worst pornos ever made or one of Von Trier's best films.
BAD "How awful that everything has to be so trivial," Joe says. Maybe life has to be trivial, but movies don't, unless you're a certain Danish director who wants to force his psychosis on the viewing public.
FAIR Nymphomaniac is brave, thought-provoking filmmaking from a genuine auteur.
FAIR Nymphomaniac Vol. I strips sex of its romance and its intimacy and overloads the act with nothing but pure lust.
FAIR Joe uses her sexuality to control men. The question is whether her sexuality controls her.
BAD I used to be able to count on Lars von Trier to deliver my necessary doses of nihilism, but no more.
BAD Nymphomaniac's clunkiness and desperation to shock could be forgiven if it wasn't so uniformly dull. With a talent such as Lars, it really is unforgivable.
GOOD Aside from the outrageous format, this film offers several powerful performances and sheds light on a subject that needs it.
GOOD Blistering, honest, angry and full of confronting ideas this epic sexual odyssey...from Lars von Trier again proves that he is a much more intelligent, thoughtful and genuinely controversial filmmaker than his roguish public image would otherwise suggest.
FAIR If 'provocauteur' isn't a word, it ought to be, at least in reference to von Trier...
BAD Dedicated cinephiles who feel an obligation to see what von Trier has wrought are unlikely to reach consensus on whether he is an exploitative provocateur or crusading pamphleteer.
GOOD The closest any real movie has ever gotten to Seinfeld's "Rochelle, Rochelle"
FAIR Beneath the sheen of sweat on his actors and between the frequent scenes of frantic and entangled limbs, there's substance to Von Trier's tale.
FAIR Without an explanation for the protagonist's physical and emotional injuries, it's a head-scratcher. As with Joe's sexual compulsion, scratching can't cure the itch.
BAD I have found something to like in all of Von Trier's films...except this one. I don't really like anything in this movie. It's lazy, boring, pretentious filmmaking at its worst. I hope Part II validates the painful slog of Part 1.
FAIR It's episodic, vague and self-indulgent (perhaps pretentious?) but there's no denying that it's also original, committed and borne of a highly determined voice.
BAD Nymphomania is not all it's cracked up to be.
GOOD If you are just horny? Skip the context and go to Mr Skin.com. But if you consider yourself a cineaste with an interest in cinema's reining enfant terrible, you must check out Nymphomaniac.
FAIR A father confessor to his benighted characters, von Trier may revel in the muck, but Nymphomaniac: Volume 1 is anything but a dirty movie.
FAIR There's nothing inhibited about this cut and its parade of genitalia in close-up. Strip the plot down, or rather, dress it up, and it's about a quest.
FAIR Lars von Trier is funny. Who knew? That's certainly the most startling revelation to come from Nymphomaniac: Vol. 1 .
GOOD A rigorous, riveting and surprisingly funny cogitation on sexual liberation, gender double standards, love, sociopathy and any number of the filmmaker's other obsessions.
GOOD Lars Von Trier's complex and brilliant double feature about a woman telling her life's story - a tale of insatiable sexual desire, loneliness and the search for self acceptance
BAD The film is both transparent and impenetrable and none of the actors overcome the weak script.
GOOD Overheard after the screening of Nymphomaniac Vol.1: "It certainly had a lot of... ideas." No kidding. I can't believe how some of those 'ideas' got past the censors. And did you see the size of that one dude's 'idea'?
GOOD Lars von Trier is an actual genius, as opposed to the myriad filmmakers called genius who are actually just clever.
FAIR ...a complicated and compelling film that's uncomfortable in necessary ways.
FAIR Think of Nymphomaniac Vol. 1 as the first half of a longer tale which, if von Trier has taught us anything, will grow infinitely darker and more harrowing.
GOOD It could be the most humane film that von Trier has made in some time.
GOOD [It] never feels clinical - Von Trier's poetic cinematography and death metal theme song are too forceful for that - but it does live somewhere on the edge of therapy.
GOOD Kiarostami still possesses a remarkable knack for crafting vivid supporting characters from just a few details.
FAIR There's some artful fiddling with plot expectations, but the film's evident self-regard makes this a rather undergraduate provocation.
FAIR [An] infuriating - but also fascinating - effort ...
FAIR As an exercise in conveying place, mood and human foible, this is consistently intriguing.
FAIR [Kiarostami] almost throws up something magical, here.
FAIR The septuagenarian's most playful tendencies have been liberated and he has started to make films that look like the work of a younger director raised on vintage Kiarostami.
BAD A frustratingly inscrutable film that fails to engage.
GOOD [A] beautiful, subtly tender and narratively slight film ...
GOOD A major statement from one of the world's greatest living filmmakers.
BAD Gnomic, anfractuous, inconsequential.
GOOD Like the best dreams always do, it ends with a jolt, but its ideas and images linger like dust in sunlight.
FAIR A tender and touching drama about a young high-class escort who forms a connection with an elderly widower, but certain scenes in this quiet slow-burner feel overstretched and arguably unnecessary.
GOOD A film that feels unique and innovative.
FAIR Now practically an exile from his homeland, Kiarostami follows Certified Copy with another film-literate relationship drama with the enigmatic overtones of Hitchcock.
GOOD From the incredible opening shot onwards, it's clear Kiarostami's cinematic language translates perfectly in any setting.
GOOD Like Someone In Love explores familiar Kiarostami themes - how we slip between roles in our relationships - with a terrifically light touch, making for his best since 1999's The Wind Will Carry Us.
GOOD Veteran Director Abbas Kiarostami's Like Someone is a fine followup to his brilliant Certified Copy. It's lovely, intriguing, stylish and very, very good.
GOOD The movie is filled with examples of and references to methods of communication: Books, faxes, cell phone messages, answering machines, intercoms, misunderstood jokes, traffic signals, the honking of car horns, a painting of a parrot learning to speak...
GOOD If you can meet Like Someone in Love on its terms, it has much to recommend it.
FAIR Making only his second film outside of his native Iran, Kiarostami undercuts the rigid protocols of polite Japanese society with intimations of violence.
GOOD Kiarostami's apparent simplicity masks serious complexity.
BAD The problem with "Like Someone in Love" is that, while we can see the world through their eyes, we rarely access how they think or feel about it.
FAIR Kiarostami lets the moments between Akiko and Takashi unfold naturally, as these characters from different worlds find common bonds.
FAIR It would be difficult to overstate the success of the bulk of this picture. Throughout, we get the bravura technique that we look forward to in a Kiarostami film.
GOOD Like Someone in Love won't break your heart while you're watching it. That will happen two or three days later, while you're sitting at a stoplight or in the checkout line at the grocery store.
FAIR A Rorschach test of our own responses to the intimate drama unfolding before us.
GOOD The latest small, perplexing masterpiece from the Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami, who in recent years has chosen the path of a world director.
GOOD "Like Someone in Love" is not a complicated story, but in Kiarostami's telling, it is a rich one, and a rewarding one, too.
FAIR I came away from it as if I had spent an evening contemplating a handsome abstract canvas. I can't explain it to you, exactly, but I found it soothing.
FAIR Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a short story, rather than a novel, that offers a brief and intriguing glimpse into the lives of its characters.
FAIR A decent little movie, but hardly a major one, from Iran's master filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami, who, self-exiled, here shoots in Tokyo with an all-Japanese cast.
BAD There are some limited rewards in seeing the consequences and complexities that result from the characters' deceptions and assumed roles, but in the end the film is unsatisfying.
GOOD Ambiguity haters, take note: you will not find the easy answers you're looking for with Abbas Kiarostami.
GOOD Slow and imperturbably bookish, this film slowly reveals the dark and threatening side of life in the big city.
GOOD Minor Abbas Kiarostami is still a reason for celebration.
GOOD If there is a visual equivalent to that title song - the Billie Holiday version is favored here - Kiarostami seems to have found it.
GOOD One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
GOOD The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
GOOD An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
GOOD Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
BAD It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
GOOD "(The) good news is that the film is a flawed but still very enjoyable flight of fancy."
GOOD A rich treat for the eye and soul alike.
FAIR It's being billed as Hayao Miyazaki's last film. He can't leave us this way.
GOOD For what he has said will be his final film, animation maestro Hayao Miyazaki tackles a controversial biopic that could just as easily have been shot in live action.
GOOD The story has much in common with that of The First of the Few, Leslie Howard's 1942 stiff-upper-lip biopic of RK Mitchell, designer of the Supermarine Spitfire. But there is magic here.
GOOD It is a film with the elegant sweep of a David Lean epic as it unfolds in Japan between the wars.
GOOD There is a wonderful gentleness and intelligent idealism to this animation by 73-year-old Hayao Miyazaki ...
FAIR Ultimately, Miyazaki fails to hold the responsibility-shy Horikisho to account...and suggest he has his head hidden in the clouds as much as the young aerial inventor.
GOOD The desecration of beautiful dreams is a ghost always lurking.
GOOD Laced with poignancy and portent, Miyazaki's epic is an elegy for lost dreams - and a farewell befitting an animation master.
GOOD While Miyazaki's two-hour-long, historical-melodrama swansong is destined to be his most divisive film yet, it is also his most adult and interesting, and never less than visually breathtaking throughout.
FAIR Gorgeously evocative visuals, lots about Horikoshi's devoted wife, but a marked reluctance to engage too deeply with the deadly purpose of his beautiful aircraft.
GOOD The brilliant Wind Rises is another Miyazaki masterpiece - evidently his last. He couldn't have picked a more perfect way to sign off.
GOOD Few directors would dare to put the dilemmas inherent in military aircraft design to the fore, but Miyazaki's film deals sensitively with the notion that good work may be used for bad ends.
GOOD mature, romantic, grand storytelling
GOOD The film is one of the most rapturously beautiful that Miyazaki has made, and all the more unsettling because of it.
GOOD Possibly Miyazaki can relate to Horikoshi's dilemma. He is both technician and artist, engineer and dreamer, and he works in a field -- cinema -- that too often promotes violence as a shortcut to a solution rather than as a last resort.
BAD Hardcore fans of legendary Japanese anime maestro Hayao Miyazaki are likely to be the only ones to put much stock in the director's final film.
FAIR An engineer pursues his dreams in Miyazaki's latest (and hopefully not last)
GOOD "The Wind Rises," nominated for an Academy Award as best animated feature, is a visual delight, with bright pastoral colors, clouds that float like ballerinas and clear, blue skies that envelop you.
GOOD The Wind Rises becomes all the more engrossing in its final act, where the refined beauty of Horikoshi's designs is exploited by a Japanese military at the start of World War II.
FAIR Clearly, The Wind Rises isn't a film about war but a valentine to the creative spirit.
GOOD The film doesn't take the obvious moralistic steps that could avert backlash - it's pure Miyazaki, a perspective influenced by history and reflective of a 50-year career.
BAD There are more boring movies than this one. There aren't many more disingenuous.
GOOD The Wind Rises has the sweep and majesty of a Technicolor Hollywood classic.
FAIR Even if it doesn't quite capture the magic of some of his earlier films, The Wind Rises feels like one of Miyazaki's more personal films.
GOOD The Wind Rises is a frequently remarkable film -- easily the best animated film of 2013 and fully of deserving its Oscar Nomination.
BAD 'The Wind Rises' is akin to sitting through an unbearably long flight in which the view can only be appreciated so much ...
GOOD In terms of tone, visual beauty, and storytelling, The Wind Rises represents Miyazaki at the apex of his abilities.
GOOD Miyazaki successfully immerses us in an analog world where the human hand -- not a machine -- bridges the gap between the imagination and the mechanical reality.
GOOD Lovely, contemplative tale of famed aeronautical engineer.
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes. O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD One of the most ambitious gangster films ever made, and quite possibly one of the best.
GOOD This insane masterpiece shows the self-destructive properties of myth making and how they overlap with the downfall of a community damned from the beginning of time.
FAIR Destined to attract a cult following, it's a film that draws much from the rich history of Indian cinema and that heralds great things to come.
GOOD Kashyap's direction is ferocious and mesmerizing, deftly balancing hundreds of characters, story lines and bloodshed that never apologizes or slows down.
FAIR This blood-splattered finale to the Indian crime saga is action-packed and provides a rewarding payoff to audiences, but it's sometimes difficult to care about certain characters and the overstretched running time once again feels unnecessary.
GOOD Kashyap's film is lightning paced, well-acted and breathlessly observes a complex story about a snake-pit of casual killers.
GOOD Lawlessness, political corruption and family intrigues all combine to reveal a raw, bloodthirsty and blistering side of the country that few in the west will otherwise see.
GOOD A star is born in Anurag Kashyap. Blistering, audacious and if anything... just too darn short.
GOOD The storytelling is brisk and the language and violence are surprisingly frank for popular Indian cinema.
GOOD Give it a chance and you'll never look at Bollywood the same way again.
FAIR Fascinating documentary about controversial director Len Riefenstahl.
GOOD Mueller's dialectical approach allows him to expose many half-truths (and a few outright lies) by adducing contrary evidence; by the film's end, Riefenstahl's apologia emerges clearly as an elaborate mythification of self and history.
FAIR Sometimes clunky but consistently fascinating.
GOOD Riefenstahl masterfully dissects her own Triumph of the Will and forcefully denies that artists bear any special political responsibility.
GOOD This complex existence is the subject of writer/director Ray Mueller's engrossing documentary.
FAIR An exhaustive portrait of Nazi-era filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl.
GOOD However misdirected, Riefenstahl's talent is here in full bloom. And audience members may leave with their own contradictory feelings about her life and what it means.
GOOD ... really experience her energy and her drive for cinematic perfection.
FAIR Highly recommended.
GOOD This movie is fascinating in so many different ways: As the story of an extraordinary life, as the reconstruction of the career of one of the greatest of film artists, as the record of an ideological debate, as a portrait of an amazing old woman.
GOOD Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
GOOD The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
GOOD The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
FAIR It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
FAIR Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
BAD Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
FAIR This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
FAIR the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
GOOD The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
FAIR A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
FAIR Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
GOOD Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
GOOD It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
FAIR It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
GOOD Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
GOOD A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
BAD However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
FAIR It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
GOOD Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
GOOD It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
FAIR Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
GOOD This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
GOOD It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
GOOD Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
FAIR Snowtown brings cold comfort.
GOOD 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
GOOD Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
GOOD Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
GOOD Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
FAIR This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
GOOD Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
GOOD Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
GOOD Bleak, immersive story of a Roma family struggling to survive by salvaging metal.
FAIR It's great to see an old hand going back to basics.
FAIR The film is also grimly compelling on a dramatic level as an account of a family struggling desperately for survival.
FAIR Even at a brief 75 minutes, it is, however, something of a grim slog.
GOOD What lights up the screen is Nazif's quiet, undemonstrative love for Senada, and hers for him. It is finally very moving.
FAIR It's all very intimate and convincing ... and the performances are naturalistic throughout. But there's nothing here we haven't seen before.
GOOD Played out with agonising matter-of-factness against a wintry backdrop of chimneys and tips, it's a grim, if quietly compelling affair.
GOOD Not a laugh riot by any means but there's plenty of tenderness and heart in this vignette of rural life.
FAIR ...an intriguing yet uneven look at life in a rarely filmed corner of the world.
FAIR While Memories is a landmark film that deserves wide exposure, its overriding concerns about intellectualism and class-consciousness -- or, perhaps, class self-consciousness -- feel dated.
GOOD If you're expecting a stodge of Marxist propaganda, you'll be pleasantly surprised: director Tomas Gutierrez Alea orchestrates a vibrant black-and-white collage of fictional sequences, still photos and documentary footage.
GOOD This transfixing movie, with its mix of freewheeling dialogue scenes, still photo images and documentary footage, conjures up the uncertain mood of Havana just after the revolution.
GOOD Very complex but well worth the attention you'll need to pay it to even vaguely catch every nuance.
GOOD A stirring blend of narrative fiction, still photography and rare documentary footage.
BAD Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
GOOD Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
GOOD Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
FAIR Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
FAIR Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
GOOD Truly enchanting.
GOOD [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
GOOD If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
FAIR The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
GOOD What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
GOOD To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
BAD Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
GOOD "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
FAIR It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
FAIR Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
FAIR If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
GOOD An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
GOOD "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
GOOD masterful and unique
GOOD It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
GOOD This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
GOOD A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
GOOD The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
GOOD The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
GOOD Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
BAD First released three decades ago, this self-produced portrait of Frank Ripploh's excursions into Berlin's gay world is curiously sexless seen in 2011.
GOOD Three decades ago, this was seen as a challenging "issue" movie. Now it looks more like a daring, acid black comedy filmed on the hoof.
GOOD A loving document of pre-Aids Berlin, and a touching comedy about the human desire for and struggle to achieve intimacy.
GOOD Now, post-Aids, the film is a museum piece, but nonetheless enjoyable. Sadly, after making an unsuccessful sequel, Ripploh faded from view.
GOOD This isn't a moral tale: it's rather a frank and open appraisal of the German gay scene of the time, sometimes roughly made yet invested with humour and irony.
GOOD A refreshingly non-judgemental and amusing portrait of homosexuality in the pre-AIDS era, Taxi Zum Klo matter-of-factly addresses the mundane and the perverse.
GOOD If you can stomach the rectal probing, this is a fierce and funny dissection of a life lived on the edge.
GOOD With echoes of the 1978 UK film Nighthawks, this milestone movie traces the increasingly messy life of a Berlin schoolteacher who cruises for sex after hours. And it has relevant things to say about relationships today.
GOOD [A] strong current of humour belies a serious engagement with the general, perhaps intractable problem of whether our impulses toward intimacy and unaccountability can ever be reconciled.
FAIR Interesting and daring, but rarely moving in any significant way.
GOOD Great suspense thriller.
GOOD Once you see it, you'll have an enthusiastic new response when people ask you "Hmm, what's a good horror movie I've never seen?"
FAIR A Sam Raimi wannabe that doesn't always strike the right balance of humor to thrills, but comes close
FAIR Gets off to a great, scary start, but then turns silly and comical, breaking the film's tone of dread.
FAIR Though this slight but agreeable nail-biter loses a couple steps before its wrap-up, it's not before offering one of the funniest variations yet on the furious neighbor who wonders what's going on in the upstairs apartment.
FAIR a fair first effort
GOOD A clever story of murder and mystery interspersed with various acts of cyber-crime and corporate intrigue, it's the most refreshing thriller in recent memory.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD The final result is an adaptation that's just about as successful as its literary predecessor, with the film occasionally exceeding the book in a few areas...
GOOD Dragon Tattoo is from the beginning far more about it's hero's than it's villains which is a pleasant change. It's dark and dismal and beautiful and human and everything a crime film should be.
BAD Witless, suit-and-tie porn posing as Great Art.
BAD Do people love the original book so much they're willing to forgive a film that is sorely lacking in substance, motivation, action, tension, ambiguity and style?
GOOD Graphic sexual violence in thrilling subtitled crime drama.
GOOD Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
BAD An overlong, gestating, and sadistic version of a Murder She Wrote episode, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is all hype, confusing shocking imagery for thrilling storytelling.
FAIR Met with much success throughout the world, and one must wonder if its rather old-fashioned mystery feel had something to do with it.
GOOD It's not surprising David Fincher has put his hand up for the remake, as the subject material is right up his alley, a la Seven and Zodiac but an English-language remake seems so pointless (as usual) given the quality here.
BAD [W]hile the film offers silly fun for a while, its ultimate schizophrenia and self-seriousness become its undoing.
FAIR The film version by director Niels Arden Oplev is a faithful adaptation of the novel...perhaps too faithful to work completely as cinema, but well-produced nonetheless.
FAIR Director Niels Arden Oplev recognizes Larsson's affinity for the structure of American mysteries, and gives the film a slick Hollywood pacing that keeps it constantly driving forward without ever sacrificing the inherent brains or guts of the story.
GOOD A stylish mystery that both conforms to the genre and departs from it in interesting ways.
GOOD It may not address every need of a commercially conscious viewer, but those with enough patience will be rewarded with something rich - and revelatory.
FAIR An engaging thriller that makes the most of its complex characters, [but] it's still not as good as the book.
GOOD Nothing beats a good whodunit.
GOOD ...while all of the performances are strong, Rapace owns this movie and this character, to the point that casting anyone else as Lisbeth seems ridiculous.
GOOD I'll happily sit for two more movies featuring this pair; I only wish there could be more.
GOOD The movie takes its time entangling a reporter-turned-investigator and a hacking punkette into its multigenerational family mystery, but once it gets there it becomes a solid, old-fashioned slab of detective fiction.
GOOD A chilling detective tale, a horrific sexual abuse drama and an overlong, emotional, tie-up-every-loose-end melodrama that is sure to be half an hour shorter when Hollywood remakes it without Swedish dialogue and probably without the cool Swedish edge.
GOOD The Swedish thriller 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' miraculously causes the adjectives 'convoluted' and 'implausible' to become positive
GOOD A Hollywood version would have gone right for a blood-spattered prologue, while this Swedish version (faithful to the best-selling book by Stieg Larsson) slowly builds its chills, creating an overwhelming feeling of dread.
GOOD The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo takes one on a journey down the icy roads to hell, with a dogged, investigative journalist and an avenging punk angel -- an odd couple par excellence.
FAIR The picture, reduced to a black-and-white kind of manhunt, is visually black-and-white as well. It's set in the snowy landscape of rural Sweden, where the self-effacing and pale-faced Blomkvist blends into the wintry scenes.
FAIR A lurid, painstakingly rendered episode involving the 'girl's' sexually abusive probation officer is redundant and suspect; it offers a chance to identify with a leering abuser even as it encourages a lust for revenge.
FAIR Reminiscent in tone and execution of a well-worn Agatha Christie novel, as it should be.
GOOD None of its 146-minute running time is dull, each turn of the plot makes sense, and the outcome of just about everything is extremely satisfying.
FAIR It's a rare phenomenon on American screens: a paranoid, vigilante-glamorizing left-wing vision. I just wish its heroine had been given emotional shadings beyond suffering, rage and sullen endurance.
GOOD ... a sensational, spine-chilling thriller that will leave you clenching the arms on your theater chair until your knuckles turn white.
GOOD The film belongs to Noomi Rapace, who creates one of the most fascinating screen creations in recent memory
GOOD Built in the Hollywood tradition, it's a dark and relentless thriller, and one of the most engaging and accessible foreign films to come along since Tell No One.
GOOD Rapace's haunting, enigmatic Lisbeth is the element that leaves you eager for the next two installments. She's fantastic, and so is the movie.
FAIR A slick thriller with a surfeit of craftsmanship, rather more entertaining, perhaps, than it is memorable or "good".
GOOD The storytelling intelligent, and the two leads are endlessly watchable. The casting is impeccable.
BAD Rickety Japanese feminist drama which is too uneven to make any provocative impact.
BAD ...it's rather stunning to note that a North American studio thought that this garbage heap of a movie was worth releasing on home video.
GOOD Homenageando a cinematografia japonesa atraves de um bom exercicio metalinguistico, o filme conta tambem com otimas atuacoes (especialmente de Matsuzaka, lindissima) e um desfecho inteligente.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
FAIR In comparison with most of the Indian cinema that breaks through to the Western mainstream, Bandit Queen stands out for its political attitude and willingness to take on Hollywood sensibilities in its storytelling.
GOOD Russell Brand is, for once, well cast in the role of vague, vain singer Aldous, who's also the object of obsession for a waiter and aspiring musician in the Hawaiian resort.
FAIR The numerous, unflinchingly filmed scenes of public and gang rape make this a visceral, if gruelling, experience, especially when juxtaposed with sprawling, beautifully photographed vistas of the Indian deserts and mountain ranges.
GOOD Seema Biswas' lock on our fascination and sympathies is unreleasable, making for a most powerful film from India.
FAIR Although the "Bandit Queen" is a film loaded with violence and hatred, it is also an affirmation of the durability of the human spirit.
FAIR Seema Biswas, who plays the protagonist, conveys a remarkable range of suffering - bleeding, at its extremes, into a kind of pure, white-hot hate that makes the anger of Thelma and Louise look like playground stuff.
FAIR Devi is played by Seema Biswas as a fireball of unrelenting, white-hot fury -- a slap in the face to her country and its barbaric, outdated treatment of women.
FAIR Seema Biswas is convincing in the role: small, fierce, dark-eyed and indomitable.
GOOD A towering achievement.
FAIR It is representative of a thousand other real-life stories -- albeit not as spectacular as the Devi saga -- which have emerged in the news from India in the past decade.
GOOD It is one well worth the time of fans of serious drama.
GOOD A fascinating work.
GOOD An excellent examination of caste discrimination, human suffering, and the role of women in India's changing culture.
GOOD Unflinching drama of the journey of a drug mule.
GOOD The subject could be, and has been, exploitative in other films, but Joshua Marston shrewdly sketches asides of drama about whether Maria should simply remain in New York. To his credit, that outcome feels as fraught with peril as her drug-running.
FAIR the filmmaker's eye and ear for authentic detail and believable characterization...make the film an unusually tough and gritty slice of underworld life.
GOOD Moreno e uma daquelas atrizes que prendem o olhar do espectador, que, fascinado, mal percebe o sutil trabalho de construcao de personagem que esta sendo desenvolvido.
GOOD Moreno communicates without words - she immediately sells the film, the concept, the struggle, the danger.
GOOD Catalina Sandino Moreno gives a superb, naturalistic performance as Maria and Marston is careful not to glamorise her, despite the fact that she's absurdly gorgeous.
GOOD Su principal fortaleza es la conviccion con que Sandino Moreno lleva el peso de toda la pelicula (...)
GOOD it never quite goes where you expect it to, yet you're glued to the events all the way.
FAIR A strikingly personal story with realistic characters and a strong emotional core.
GOOD Whatever its flaws, Maria Full of Grace is a daunting debut work well worth catching.
GOOD Here the picture took me somewhere I'd never been.
GOOD The documentary-like detail and lack of sensationalism allows us to make our own judgments and to make connections between the drug trade and the legitimate business world.
GOOD What's remarkable about Marston's filmmaking is his ability to present scenes of shocking defilement without a hint of gratuitousness.
GOOD Marston's compact, personal film doesn't judge his Maria, it merely observes her, explains her and humanizes a dark corner of a dirty business.
GOOD Socially conscious character drama unencumbered by sensationalism.
FAIR The fact that [Moreno's] Maria is so believable, so compelling, rests entirely on what she brings to the part, not what the part brings to her. Her face is the kind that can carry a movie on the strength of sheer screen presence.
FAIR Shares the traditions of socially-conscious filmmaking of modern practitioners like Britain's Ken Loach, with an intelligent and nuanced treatment of a challenging issue.
GOOD A different kind of drug movie -- one that dives straight into the trenches.
FAIR For the most part, the film is done effectively, and there are some genuinely tense moments.
GOOD Moreno conveys much of Maria's plight - her frustration at her dead-end life, or her fast thinking when things go wrong in New York - with quick glances and minimal gestures.
GOOD [Marston] allows the extraordinary Moreno, also making her debut, to carry all the uncertainty, terror and pain on her own young, striking shoulders.
GOOD Catalina Sandino Moreno makes Maria into a character with whom we sympathize not because we feel sorry for her, but because we're charged by her steely determination
BAD Strangely unemotional and flat for a character journey, irritatingly at its worst when it should be its most moving...
FAIR Sad, sobering, tension-filled and disquieting.
GOOD Undeniably powerful.
GOOD Marston and Moreno make us stop and look, and to see Maria Alvarez as not just another face in the crowd but as an individual person, someone nice. Someone worth knowing.
GOOD A remarkable independent film that combines the power of first-rate drama with the reality you'd expect from an expert documentary.
GOOD With ... her command of the moment, (Moreno) could develop into an actress to watch in the future. One thing is certain. We can't take our eyes off her in this one.
GOOD Sensitive and lucid portrayal of innocence lost and dignity reclaimed.
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles. Actions, not ideas. And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics. Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela". Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events." It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
GOOD The movie is clearly not interested in sugarcoating or sentimentalizing WWII, even though Clement has every opportunity to do so.
GOOD Perhaps not until Ponette in 1996 had another movie looked so closely at how death might be absorbed through the eyes of a small child.
GOOD It's difficult to fault a film that scrutinizes the veracity of childhood with such clarity.
GOOD powerful filmmaking in more ways than one, a story of innocence lost that you won't soon forget
GOOD Strange, compelling offbeat drama about a war orphan with a morbid fixation.
FAIR Gives us something to think about: How much of what we consider civilization -- intellectual pursuit, politics, nationalism -- relies on language?
FAIR Anni is a feisty little thing and you can't help but root for her when she challenges these two burly soldiers and gets out of the relationship exactly what she wants.
BAD A pretty good film -- a dark comedy rigorously observed -- until Rogozhkin reveals himself to be just another New Age softie.
GOOD A consistently hilarious collision of cultures and a string of misunderstandings.
FAIR A mystical fairy tale by Alexander Rogozhkin as beautiful as it is tender.
FAIR Quietly engrossing.
FAIR Rogozhkin makes nearly all of his points with surprising subtlety.
FAIR A winning piece of folk art from an isolated way of life, worth a look for those who want to see the world in all its quirky and earthy forms.
GOOD This is an engrossing film with an oddly satisfying ending of genuine pathos.
FAIR Rogozhkin's unusual film has the audacity to consider those which uplift the human spirit, as well as those that erode it.
FAIR A well-acted, mildly arresting antiwar allegory.
GOOD It's an unabashed pacifist movie that really works, emotionally and dramatically.
GOOD An incredibly brilliant piece of minimalist drama.
GOOD Beautifully acted, a pleasure to watch.
GOOD Demonstrates how little communication has to do with language. And isn't that what the greatest films show us?
FAIR If the film has a weakness, it's that it's slow. Often ponderously slow, as it chugs along with the velocity of an oil slick moving through an ice floe
FAIR A tiny jewel of a film.
FAIR An odd but very enjoyable combination of austere drama, mystical parable and saucy comedy.
FAIR Rogozhin's finely observed character studies and his cast's capable acting ... make The Cuckoo a thoughtful film more about love than war.
BAD The movie lost me in an extended dream sequence, set in the afterlife.
FAIR The small love triangle that develops contains all the human passions of love, sex, jealousy, joy and yearning, and that is a vast canvas indeed.
FAIR The primal, almost mystical, beauty of Anni's lakeside hut, surrounded by the forest and mountains, goes a long way toward sustaining the viewer in the movie's quieter moments.
FAIR A beautifully shot, modest little fable about the misunderstandings between people.
BAD The threesome's decision to keep talking to one another is a tad preposterous, playing most profitably to our "Three's Company"-whetted appetite for malapropisms.
GOOD Humanistic without being preachy or blinded by optimism about human nature.
FAIR The Russians are still burying World War II, which seems to have been almost a bigger event for them than communism. One of the interesting burial details is The Cuckoo.
FAIR [A] charmingly slender fable about love, language, sex, and enmity -- and saunas.
FAIR Thoughtful, well-acted comedy.
FAIR Cuckoo is best described as arthouse-lite.
BAD What begins as a gripping adventure, thrillingly told with virtually no dialogue, eventually becomes a rather routine parable despite the unique setting and circumstances.
BAD It has serious themes, long, wordless scenes and poetic symbolism, but all that complexity leads to a surprisingly simplistic conclusion.
GOOD Once you give into this film's odd logic, its humor and charm will win you over.
GOOD Tender, often a bit confusing in its history, but a powerful statement about war as a massive misunderstanding.
FAIR Mr. Rogozhkin maintains a good sense of blood, dirt and sweat, human elements mingled together to keep the action rooted in some degree of reality.
FAIR The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't find in many movies nowadays.
BAD May be the supreme example of a filmic endeavor succeeding exclusively for one cinematic aspect.
FAIR Knocked my socks off, and I was cursing myself for not seeing it sooner.
FAIR Skittishly directed and haphazardly written, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a bundle of old action movie chestnuts brought briefly to life only by Jaa's presence.
GOOD I haven't been this thrilled by a new star since I saw my first Jackie Chan movie.
GOOD Jaa combines speed, strength, and fluidity in a convincing bid to turn wire stunts into yesterday's fad and return simple physical prowess to the forefront.
GOOD Suddenly The Matrix looks about as relevant as VHS tapes.
GOOD Ficarei muito espantando caso o fantastico Tony Jaa nao se torne um astro internacional do genero acao/artes marciais.
FAIR It's too soon to tell if Tony Jaa has the the ability to sustain an interesting career, but he's off to a hell of a start, regardless.
GOOD Jaa emerges as a worthy successor to Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li, dispensing brutality that has never looked so perversely beautiful.
FAIR Has an authentic tone that makes its simplistic quest-for-redemption storyline surprisingly engaging.
GOOD About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy. But Pinkaew isn't blowing smoke: this is the real deal.
FAIR Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies. This guy is the real deal.
FAIR Its plot is pretty much standard-issue. But the action is spectacular enough to allow the audience to overlook that problem.
GOOD Get a load of this guy, the way he leaps over cars, slides under SUVs. Experience the man bringing the pain and unleashing wrath. Gaze with wide eyes at his jackhammer fists.
BAD Tony Jaa doesn't possess the authority of Lee, the charisma of Chan or the intensity of Li, though he does project the same sleepy-eyed blandness as Van Damme.
FAIR Jaa lives up to the hype.
FAIR Ong Bak is not very good -- but Hollywood suits would be nuts not to give Jaa a role in every action flick they make from now on.
BAD Jaa's moves are impressive, but the choreography ranges from bland to ridiculous (as when one dirty fighter resorts to using major appliances as weapons).
FAIR No prizes will be awarded to anyone who guesses that Ting beats all assailants and recovers the artifact. What you might not anticipate is how viscerally exciting director Prachya Pinkaew makes the action scenes.
FAIR Ong-Bak's only agenda is kicking butt, and it does that pretty well.
FAIR All the creatively-staged and -choreographed, knees-'n-elbows Muay Thai mayhem one buys the ticket to see.
GOOD You'll leave the theater bruised and battered, but you'll be happy about it.
FAIR ...thoroughly robust within its own skin. Visually involving and vibrantly executed, fight fans will definitely get a rousing kick out of Ong-Bak
FAIR More than anything, the filmmakers want to impress on you the wonders of Jaa's physical presence
FAIR A viscerally entertaining slice of Thai filmmaking that will leave you grinning ear to ear.
FAIR [I]f you want to get in on the ground floor of a potential action film star, here's your chance.
FAIR A knockout of a martial arts movie -- and an elbow to the head. And two knees to the back and a roundhouse kick to the ear for good measure.
FAIR If you combined the genes of Chan and Bruce Lee with a dash of Buster Keaton, the result might resemble Jaa.
BAD For every moment that inspires vocal awe, there are two or three moments that produce groans.
FAIR Jaa is not just a martial arts phenomenon but young, photogenic and charismatic.
FAIR You can rightly say that Jaa has yet to establish much of a character, but give him a chance.
GOOD As in any fable, there are spires, towers and moats, and it's a spellbinding saga - a macabre dance choreographed by its romance's throbbing heart. Mathilde and Manech's love left its mark in many places, so why not the grungiest and war-torn?
FAIR a successful genre combination of a war film, period romance, detective story and black comedy
GOOD Jean-Pierre Jeunet represents that select group of filmmakers who treat special effects as their own art.
FAIR A Very Long Engagement is every bit the fantasy, the fairy tale, that Amelie was, yet we are expected to take it seriously. I couldn't.
BAD ...light entertainment, but offers only a shallow insight into war.
GOOD As lovely to look at it as it is heart-wrenching, "A Very Long Engagement" is one of the best films of 2004.
FAIR (...) Una pelicula vistoza, llamativa, en muchos aspectos sorprendente, pero que no deja de sonar a figurita repetida, a cosa ya vista.
GOOD This is one of the finest films -- foreign or otherwise -- to come along in years.
FAIR Entirely deserving of its unofficial subtitle 'Amelie Goes To War', this is a well-made, frequently enjoyable drama, although the whimsical direction often seems inappropriate for the darkness of the material.
BAD one very imaginative boring movie
FAIR A harrowing account of why the French ARE NOT p*****s
GOOD A movie where you know at once that it will still be watched 60 or 70 years down the road, and that it will lose none of its power or charm in the intervening years
GOOD One of those rare gems that don't come along too often.
FAIR For all their magical and mystical moments, Jeunet's films are suffocatingly literal; his ever-mobile camera leaves no empty spaces for the viewer's imagination to inhabit.
FAIR A different kind of epic, with a light touch and an offbeat attitude that strip the story of much of its gravitas and instead replace it with a freewheeling flippancy.
BAD Think of the strange mixture of Amelie and All Quiet on the Western Front and you have a disjointed, muted - and yes, quirky - World War I epic.
GOOD A mature, yet original, work that is powerful emotionally, intellectually and visually.
FAIR It's a beautiful accomplishment, even if it's not the triumph that Amelie is.
GOOD Sweeping, sentimental, suspenseful epic World War I tale
GOOD The film is near perfect in its attempt to properly mix the irrationality of war in with an interesting love story.
GOOD The director and star of Amelie (Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Audrey Tautou) reunite for this grimmer, grimier, but no less magnificent moviegoing experience.
FAIR Visual adept, but long and tedious
GOOD The first 20 minutes ... feel like a snuff film made with a James Ivory sensibility.
GOOD In the rough magic of A Very Long Engagement, even the strangest events seem perfectly logical and emotionally true.
FAIR When Jeunet attempts to achieve dramatic heft, with no commensurate change in style, he falls distressingly short.
FAIR A very entertaining film, full of warm moments and mellifluous charm, almost enough to make you wonder what that pesky war is doing in there anyway.
GOOD War, it says, is what separates love from hate, life from death and the beautiful from the ugly -- and Jeunet's film says it with great invention and artistry.
GOOD A poignant and powerful story of passion and persistence, easily among the best films of 2004.
GOOD Tautou, as always, makes this an enchanting trip.
FAIR The ideas and images Engagement uses to express itself indirectly are deeply felt.
FAIR There's only so much candy the eye can consume before nausea sets in.
GOOD While A Very Long Engagement lacks Amelie's impish charm, it gives Jeunet even more emotional colors to play with. And his handling of the film's technical aspects is little short of staggering.
BAD The comic-dramatic divide of A Very Long Engagement is difficult to traverse, much less conquer. It's simply hard to be charmed with all those corpses scattered about.
GOOD If you are among those feeling starved for an epic romance, this engaging, touching, drama-comedy- mystery fills the bill.
FAIR Pacino seeks his pound of flesh as a tragic outsider.
FAIR The text is wonderful, Radford's film has some fine performances from Jeremy Irons and Joseph Fiennes, and he makes good use of Venice locations.
FAIR It is really a pleasure to watch a masterful actor like Al Pacino wring every nuance out of the multifarious character of Shylock.
GOOD Pacino shapes the role masterfully. He not only rises to the role's extremes of villainous melodrama, he fills them, rendering them both theatrical and believable
FAIR It veers from real conviction to panto, but Radford is clearly committed to the play's relevance, while Pacino, the Shakespeare addict, is a joy to watch.
GOOD Manages to be a gripping and intriguing film.
GOOD The screenplay is lean and powerful and the direction deft.
GOOD Finally, a filmatic spectacle worthy of the Scribe...
BAD This rendition is hardly a freshman course.
BAD Merchant of Venice is such a blatantly anti-Semitic work that a modernization seems imprudent.
GOOD Radford preserves the mechanics of the plot, but also offers us heroes who are as flawed as the nominal villain, if not more so
GOOD Radford's adaptation admirably captures the inherent and troubling contradictions of the play, and turns them into great, thought-provoking drama.
GOOD Radford has rendered off the comedy to find the dramatic skeleton underneath. It is an approach that works stunningly well and is perhaps the only way the play can now be done.
FAIR As much fun as it is to see Pacino chew some Shakespearean scenery, both the role and the movie could have used a more likable actor.
FAIR Pacino's performance doesn't reconcile the contradictions of The Merchant of Venice, but it goes far in revealing them.
FAIR The experiment mostly succeeds.
GOOD Pacino makes a memorable Shylock, filled with painful humanity, rage and insecurity.
GOOD A vivid, engrossing and defensible Shakespeare adaptation, a period piece that truly has a feel for a time long past -- and a place and attitude that are not.
GOOD The filmmaker succeeds mightily in imbuing potentially dangerous material with enlightened ambiguity.
GOOD Radford has managed to find and nurture the story's deeper, universally heartbreaking themes.
FAIR Radford remains fairly reverent toward the text and the intent.
FAIR The opening disclaimer suggests that 'intolerance of the Jews' is something the world has outgrown, rather than an attitude that continues to be exploited...
GOOD Pacino, bearded and digging deep within his talent, almost shrinks into human nothingness under the weight of hate. It may be his finest performance.
GOOD The film is a work of clarity and urgency and a welcome and overdue addition to the Bard's film canon.
FAIR Radford's gloomy film is a long and slightly draining haul, but the intensity of Al Pacino's central performance justifies the effort required.
FAIR As evidenced by this film, in capable hands, Shylock is a unique amalgam of flaws still worthy of rendition.
GOOD Ranks as one of the most powerful recent adaptations of the bard's work.
GOOD Balanced, beguiling -- even funny.
BAD This tragicomic classic isn't effective either as a comedy or a tragedy.
FAIR The give-and-take between the two veterans [Pacino and Irons] is a delight to witness.
GOOD Provocative look at Hitler's last days is extremely violent.
GOOD ...an unflinching, hard, relentlessly honest movie that refuses to ask questions that have easy answers. It is also brilliantly acted, written and focused...
GOOD "Downfall" isn't about commuting history's sentence for the Nazis, but heeding its warning - a gruesome, sustained-tension lesson about informed politics and whether those who left evil to its own devices could arrive at a place of complicit guilt.
FAIR It's reach exceeds its grasp; nonetheless, a compelling study of Hitler's last days.
GOOD What an act of bravery it was to make Downfall.
FAIR Downfall is an admirably matter-of-fact history lesson of a movie, but next to real footage of real people with real memories of those days, it pales by comparison.
FAIR Es un atinado recordatorio de que, como humanidad, debimos haber aprendido la leccion, pues de otra forma estamos condenados a repetir la historia, para bien o para mal.
FAIR The subject matter itself is the fallback support, which is good enough for its purposes, though it could've benefited from a more steered momentum.
GOOD La pelicula es una nueva y bienvenida mirada hacia eventos historicos que nos han sido contados practicamente en exclusiva desde el bando ganador.
BAD ...succeeds, for the most part, in painstakingly depicting who did what when, but beyond that, it is a missed opportunity.
GOOD A lot of movies have been made about Adolf Hitler, but this is certainly one of the best; it shows the psychology that goes on when a leader and his followers fall from power.
FAIR Downfall takes on the unenviable task of portraying [Hitler] as a man, rather than a caricature or parody as the norm has dictated.
GOOD Hirschbiegel and Eichenger -- with the help of a blistering performance by Ganz -- strip away the myth from the monster, laying bare the utter banality of his evil.
GOOD Forca-nos a praticar uma das maiores virtudes do ser humano: compaixao. E esta e sua grande licao: a compreensao de que o odio cego nos diminui tanto quanto ao inimigo.
GOOD Insightful, chilling
GOOD While it's deeply disturbing and often difficult to watch, Downfall is a towering achievement that shouldn't be missed.
GOOD Ganz enthuses a dominating passion that wilts all those around him.
GOOD May be the definitive account of Hitler's final days and the collapse of the Third Reich.
FAIR Bruno Ganz dominates Downfall, a long but never dull look at Hitler's final days in his Berlin bunker.
GOOD As unfathomable as it may seem, Downfall might just summon some brief, but fleeting empathy for the devil, as it were.
GOOD Some demons are too extreme to comprehend, but Hirschbiegel's film nonetheless provides a painfully unflinching glimpse into the outer workings of the mortally wounded Third Reich.
GOOD absolutely brilliant in depicting with sharp historical accuracy how a destructive system will eventually turn on itself
GOOD Bruno Ganz ... is terrific as Hitler, fully depicting his physical frailties ... and brilliantly capturing his speech patterns but never allowing the performance to become a caricature.
GOOD crams all the madness and perversity of the Third Reich into twelve days in a claustrophobic bunker.
FAIR With a steely, unblinking resolve, Downfall stares into the abyss, but does not pretend to comprehend it.
FAIR It certainly benefits from the presence of Ganz, the veteran German character actor who portrays Hitler.
GOOD n the end, Downfall can't cut through Hitler's enigma, but it does powerfully illuminate the people drawn to him.
FAIR Downfall doesn't let us down when it comes to telling what happened, but it has trouble coming up with how or why.
GOOD Ganz, though, remains the film's riveting centerpiece.
GOOD Bruno Ganz's extraordinary performance as Adolph Hitler makes Downfall a riveting experience.
GOOD The film warns us to be wary of True Believers of any affiliation. 'They gave us the mandate,' says Goebbels. 'And now their little throats are being cut.'
GOOD A somber accounting crafted with impressive verisimilitude and anchored by Bruno Ganz's rock-solid performance as the Fuhrer...perhaps the definitive film on its subject.
BAD Viewed through a North American lens, the movie itself seems more familiar than fascinating, more innocuous than inflammatory, and, at 21/2 hours, more tedious than anything else.
BAD Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
BAD Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
FAIR It may not be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day be remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
FAIR This isn't a perfect movie, and it's not as strong as the original. However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
BAD Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene. If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine. I know. But trust me. Or don't.
FAIR The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987. It's still not that great, but it sure is entertaining.
BAD It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
BAD It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
BAD The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
BAD Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID. The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help. A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
BAD The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
BAD CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
GOOD Jim Loach's feature debut presents the horrific injustice of forced child migration in a calm, measured manner.
BAD The sincerity of feeling is unmistakable. So's the flat-footedness of the writing.
FAIR Emily Watson, who always brings a special grace to the screen, gives a multilayered performance to the role of Margaret Humphreys, who not only puts her own family dynamic at risk but finds herself physically threatened.
FAIR The story is a stunner, and the format, propelled by Watson's deepening investigation, gives the movie energy.
FAIR Emily Watson, a delicate English rose, has never seemed more sturdy than here.
FAIR Once, very early on, the secret deportations have been exposed there aren't many new places for the film to go - just more scenes of an increasingly tired-looking Emily Watson trudging around with an armful of file folders.
GOOD It's powerful, gut-wrenching stuff, and it doesn't need tarting up.
BAD Making a true story of social injustice into a gripping narrative requires more imagination than is contained in this well-intentioned but uninspired effort.
BAD Well-meaning but blandly executed, smothering potentially powerful scenes with earnest do-gooder-film moments.
FAIR As the story ricochets between Britain and Australia, the film often loses track of time and becomes fragmented as it struggles to integrate too many subplots. What holds it together is Ms. Watson's calm, sturdy performance.
BAD Sometimes the facts can get in the way of the drama, and that's the central problem here.
GOOD The extraordinary true story of a social worker who exposed the notorious forced deportation of children from England to Australia from the 1940s to the 1970s.
FAIR If larger truths have been overlooked, the subject is still wrenching enough to make Oranges and Sunshine an inspired work of dignity and purpose.
GOOD The movie belongs to Hugo Weaving and David Wenham, both playing what one newspaper dubs "the lost children of the Empire," men broken by the appalling conditions that met them in their new homeland.
BAD The result is a plodding, overly tasteful procedural that holds up its hero as an incorruptible embodiment of goodness.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD Oranges And Sunshine packs a serious emotional wallop in its story (based on true events) of a Nottingham social worker who uncovers a massive post-war scandal involving the British and Australian governments.
FAIR Oranges and Sunshine is an equally confronting and tender story about loss of identity of abuse of power, as told through the heroic actions of a secular saint who stood up to those who had no voice.
GOOD While director Jim Loach knows how to bring trying tales of deprivation and abuse to a piercing emotional pitch, more admirable is his uncanny ability to harness the power of understatement.
GOOD There are beautiful performances here from every member of the cast, and it's much to Loach's credit that he handles this potentially sensational material with such restraint.
GOOD With Oranges and Sunshine Jim Loach has announced himself a distinctive cinematic voice who is able to handle complex and difficult subject matter with sensitivity and skill.
BAD Quiet moments of power ensue, but so too do the gently manipulative cliches - the plaintive piano score, the moments of false tension, the one-dimensional bureaucratic bad guys - that plague much issue-driven British cinema.
FAIR The film rightly draws attention to a horrible event in history. But unfortunately that's all it does - and a decent documentary could have done exactly the same, much more nimbly.
FAIR Jim Loach follows in dad's footsteps with a compassionate investigative drama about the wave of UK-to-Australia child migration in the 1950s, and the many sundered families left in the dark.
FAIR Fundamentally dry and somewhat hamstrung by its own artful restraint, Oranges and Sunshine nevertheless works on the basis of its riveting performances.
FAIR A powerful, admirably restrained, real-life drama.
FAIR These stories of enforced separation could hardly be more upsetting, and Hugo Weaving, as one of the deportees damaged well into adulthood by his experience, gives a hugely affecting performance. Cinematically, though, the film doesn't really work.
BAD While it's brimming with righteous anger, it rarely connects emotionally.
FAIR It tells a startling story of how one persistent seeker after truth triumphed despite everything put in her way.
FAIR If you like your action comic-book style, with the emphasis more on slapstick than on blood and gore, this silly but slick sequel is a great way to get your fix.
GOOD French parkour-action sequel - featuring David Belle, one of the inventors of the sport - to the kinetic dystopian 2004 film District B13, features lots of incredible stunts that at least look as though they weren't accomplished by the use of green screen
FAIR Evildoers vs. parkour-running underdog heroes
FAIR No need for CGI when you've got sweet moves, fast feet and a bottomless hoard of adrenaline.
FAIR Mission accomplie.
GOOD the film is an enormous amount of fun and it provides everything that one could possibly want in a piece of straightforward cinematic eye candy
FAIR If anyone is going to persuade fanboys to attend a movie with French subtitles, that man is Luc Besson.
BAD Little more than a series of loosely connected (and fairly effective) action set pieces.
FAIR While it doesn't match the bombastic, bone-breaking brio of its predecessor, 2004's District B-13, this sequel imaginatively spices up the leftovers.
FAIR This is the first action movie in which bombs serve a humanitarian end.
FAIR If you enjoyed the first installment, Ultimatum will probably be right up your alley...not to mention your fire-escape railing and your rooftop ledge.
FAIR This tale of conspiracy and corruption, directed with adrenalized pleasure by Patrick Alessandrin and written by a reinvigorated Luc Besson, has a brain.
FAIR Solid, B-level popcorn entertainment.
BAD Suffering from fewer of the stunts that made the original film a sensation and an afterthought of a script, District 13: Ultimatum is an auto-pilot shell of its sire.
FAIR There's little difference between the first and second movies so the perfunctory story line will feel familiar to fans. But the action, and the head-spinning stunts of those agile lead actors, will never get old.
FAIR The film doesn't drag, exactly - it's hard for a 90 minute film that focuses on a trio of extended martial arts setpieces to ever truly bog down - but it does lose momentum occasionally.
FAIR Luc Besson's script marries his B-movie sensibility with appropriately sophomoric political grandstanding...
FAIR It isn't as slick or clean as its predecessor, [but] the movie manages to move briskly and cheerfully through its running time.
FAIR Pleasurable nonsense and another reminder that one of the great pulls of cinema is the spectacle of bodies in blissful motion.
FAIR Is this sequel bad? Not by a long shot. Just disappointing, if you're expecting it to measure up to the original.
FAIR It amounts to a raucous and colorfully junky helping of seconds.
FAIR Besson's philosophy of breakneck action and spectacular set pieces guides the brilliant blend of physical stunts and cartoon conception of a walled-in slum on the fringes of a near-future Paris.
FAIR Roof-hopping, check. Banister-leaping, mais, oui.
BAD the "art of movement" has been replaced by the same old Hollywood histrionics.
FAIR It's fortunate ... that Besson, the sole credited writer, and director Patrick Alessandrin take their sweet time getting to the plot.
FAIR The fight-the-power scenario operates as a rebel fantasy of empowered French multicultural youth, yet it's one that never rises above cartoonishness.
BAD A safe but serviceable sequel.
GOOD an intense, disturbing and bleak drama of ecstasy and insanity, all set in a world where, if there is a God at all, it truly requires a leap of faith into the dark to grasp Him.
GOOD A convincing portrayal of a helpless soul wavering between fear and faith, and the madness of murder being perpetrated in the name of Christ.
FAIR [Huller] combines the raw physicality of Michaela's seizures with an emotional confusion as she ponders the cause of her attacks and how to react to them.
GOOD A tragic tale of teen rebellion and misplaced faith, this is a sober and sobering account of a young girl's untimely end, made enthralling by great performances and restrained direction.
FAIR Working from an economical and intelligent script by Bernd Lange , Schmid directs his first feature with the easy conviction that eluded the makers of the preposterous Emily Rose.
GOOD A naturalistic and thrillingly powerful film, with a stand-out performance from Huller at its centre.
FAIR Stage actress Sandra Huller delivers a stunning, understated performance...
GOOD The confusion and panic and everyday interactions in Requiem feel honest and true-to-life, which has nothing to do with how factual it is, or isn't.
FAIR What cannot be debated is the strength of Huller's naturalistic lead performance, a frighteninglyn intense turn that brings to mind Emily Watson's work in Breaking the Waves.
GOOD In lesser hands, Requiem would seem merely bleak, but Schmid makes a rigorously urgent and compelling film out of Michaela's odyssey.
GOOD Based on the same story as The Exorcism of Emily Rose, this is a far more accurate and ultimately much more frightening version of events, with an award-winning performance from Huller.
BAD A demonic posession movie WITHOUT special effects? Horrors!!!
GOOD Bogumil Godfrejow's raw cinematography and (Sandra) Huller's poignant, close-to-the-bone performance transform what might have been a morbid curiosity into an entirely enthralling, quietly terrifying experience.
FAIR You won't find rotating heads and vomit in the exorcism movie Requiem. Instead, German director Hans-Christian Schmid relies on a frighteningly realistic performance by Sandra Huller as blue-eyed blonde Michaela.
FAIR Like The Exorcism of Emily Rose ... Requiem is loosely based on the real-life story of a West German woman who died in 1976 after a series of failed exorcisms.
FAIR Takes the flashback sequences from Exorcism of Emily Rose, removes all the supernatural scares, and tries to keep you interested.
GOOD Just as haunting as a horror film and far more heartrending.
GOOD Progresses in a natural, unforced style that's increasingly creepy and ultimately emotionally shattering.
FAIR Huller's master class in acting is not only a portrait of a holy creature frenzied by otherworldly spirits but a voluptuous reflection of the pressures that accosted so many women of her character's age, time, and devotions.
GOOD The film is incisive about the all-too-mundane social, physical and emotional pressures exacted upon its heroine.
FAIR Sandra Hueller deservedly won an acting prize in Berlin (she could have taken home 'most conflicted character' as well).
FAIR ...never quite as compelling as Huller's performance...
FAIR Some of the very finest dopey schlock ever put onscreen.
GOOD Delightfully cheezy, Raquel Welch is wonderful to look at
BAD Too pretentious to stoop to camp
GOOD Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
FAIR Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
GOOD An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
GOOD And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
GOOD Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
GOOD At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
GOOD A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
GOOD An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
GOOD Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
GOOD Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
GOOD Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
GOOD At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
GOOD Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
GOOD It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
BAD Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
GOOD Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
GOOD More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
BAD ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
GOOD Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
FAIR I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
FAIR Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
FAIR Um curioso e atipico suspense que traz Sheen em uma performance impecavelmente repulsiva e que tambem se beneficia da atuacao assustadora de Foster, que, com apenas 13 anos, ja se mostrava uma atriz completa.
BAD A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
GOOD a totally immersive experience
FAIR A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions. How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
GOOD Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
FAIR It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
FAIR Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future. The samurai will not be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
FAIR An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
BAD Good, but a bit of a snorer.
GOOD Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
FAIR The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
FAIR Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't make 'em like they used to.'
GOOD Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
GOOD [R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
GOOD Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
FAIR The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
FAIR A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
FAIR Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control. In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
GOOD Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
BAD Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
FAIR This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never fully willing to indulge.
FAIR An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.
GOOD It stars William Shatner, and it's in a made-up language. If you need to know more, this film is not for you.
GOOD [A] restrained and ethically nuanced documentary.
GOOD One of the most humane things I have seen all year.
GOOD An intimate, nuanced and engrossing look at the implementation of an indigenous, grassroots approach to judging man's inhumanity to man.
GOOD Some films exist in a vacuum. Others, like Le rayon vert, the fifth tale in Eric Rohmer's Comedies and Proverbs series, are destined to have a seismic impact on the cinema that comes after it.
GOOD A perspicaciously empathetic study of solitude, depression and anxiety.
GOOD A lovely, gentle film.
GOOD A film which is at once nothing and everything.
GOOD What might easily feel loose and inconsequential ends up feeling like sly magic.
FAIR It's as if we ourselves are observing life, learning and evolving with Delphine.
GOOD Now here's a summer movie to get excited about.
GOOD Eric Rohmer's comedy, one of his best, follows a lonely Parisian secretary as her quest for a transcendent July vacation becomes stalled in misadventure and self-doubt.
BAD Stay awake through this 90-minute exercise in conceitedness (which presumably tells us how the modern world makes us all sad and pathetic) and you'll be rewarded with... well, with nothing. Congrats, more meaningless cinema under your belt.
GOOD Also known as The Green Ray; by any name, this rose would smell as sweet. An all-time-great film that feels like a romance even though, I suppose, it isn't.
GOOD Summer initially seems slight, but it's a movie of uncommon sensitivity and emotional reserves.
GOOD French New Wave director Eric Rohmer has always had a particular talent for transforming even the most inconsequential stories into fascinating portraits of the difficulties of choice and the moral complexity of making decisions.
FAIR If Eric Rohmer were basing a film on your diary, he would only use the entries where you observe that nothing much happened. He is interested in the times between the big moments, the times when boredom and disenchantment set in.
GOOD Brilliant anime.
GOOD The amount of tragedy delivered by this story would feel abusive if a lesser talent was at its center.
GOOD In a performance as raw and naked as I can recall seeing, Jeon navigates the ebbs and flows of Shin-ae's grief.
GOOD There is a natural tendency to appreciate movies that are neat and concise. "Secret Sunshine" makes a striking argument for the antithesis.
GOOD a wrenching, darkly comic and immersive work
GOOD Profoundly moving, intelligent and unflinching. It boasts a brave, emotionally devastating performance by Jeon Do-yeon.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of prose that is clear, elegant and lyrical.
FAIR [S]low portrait of damaged woman struggling against community expectations reveals universality [in] extraordinary Do-yeon who dramatically shifts gears again [and again].
FAIR It is unlikely you are going to see a more palpable portrayal of grief this year than Jeon Do-yeon's magnificent perfomance as Shin-ae in this Korean drama of the heart.
FAIR Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies.
GOOD There's more truth and wisdom in Secret Sunshine than I've seen at the movies in a long time.
GOOD A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow's journey into the far country of forgiveness.
FAIR Lee has a rare gift for depicting how the minor dissonance of everyday interactions eventually explodes into public displays of rage and despair.
GOOD This fourth film from Lee Chang-dong, one of the leading lights in the new South Korean cinema, begins as a young widow moves to the small town of Milyang, where her late husband was born and where she plans to work as a piano teacher.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
FAIR With a concept and influences consciously in mind; fine performances by Creed-Miles, Poulter, and Williams; and approving cameos...Fletcher is able to put his best foot forward in this creditable debut.
GOOD There's a lot more to this likeable crime flick than your usual dunderheaded Danny Dyer vehicle.
GOOD An unusually affecting movie, with pitch-perfect comic moments, a lot of heart, and a beautiful final shot that acts as a crowning achievement for Creed-Miles.
BAD The direction by Dexter Fletcher to illicit the very strong performances by the juvenile actors, is a testament to his current strengths as a director
GOOD It wears its lion heart firmly on its sleeve with bouts of good humour and sense, making it impossible not to be drawn into its rugged charm.
GOOD Gripping, intense and with a razor-sharp wit, this marks Fletcher as one to watch.
GOOD Why can't all British crime dramas be so well written and well acted, and have a splash of comedy as confident as this?
GOOD Directed with flair by Fletcher, Wild Bill is more affecting family drama than conventional gangster pic and it's an outstanding achievement.
FAIR Fletcher has fashioned a deft, likeable addition to a crowded genre, the cockney comedy thriller. It will be good to see how he fares when he moves on.
FAIR The story won't win awards for originality but Fletcher has created a film that's both charming and true to life.
FAIR There's more than enough good stuff here to whet the appetite for Fletcher's follow&#8209;up.
FAIR Works well when it sticks to its filial bonding story, but falters when it brings on singularly unconvincing neighbourhood drug dealers in an attempt to increase tension.
GOOD An impressive directorial debut from Dexter Fletcher, thanks to a superb script, heartfelt characters, a great soundtrack and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Overall, Fletcher should be as pleased as punch with his debut efforts.
GOOD One of the best British films of the year, from the mind of Dexter Fletcher, who emerges from his presenting/acting days as an exciting new writing/directorial voice.
GOOD While eschewing the mockney flash of his Lock, Stock mucker Guy Ritchie, Fletcher's kitchen sink is brighter than most, filled more with Shane Meadows brass than Ken Loach gloom.
GOOD Full of quirky, absorbing characters and performances, Fletcher's debut is a hugely enjoyable East End western and a lesson on how to avoid the excesses of the Brit-crim-com.
FAIR Fletcher clearly relishes cinematic flourishes but applies them in broad, superficial strokes.
GOOD A fresh, engaging debut feature, with an underlying suspense as we wait for the wild man to revert to pool-cue-wielding form and a streak of sweet, funny sentiment always in danger of being bottled by some nutcase.
FAIR There's no faulting Fletcher's unfussy, quietly impressive directorial style. A solid start.
GOOD The steady - but never sluggish - pace allows the characters to live and breathe.
GOOD With an equally stunning soundtrack, this rollicking yarn is a must for all film lovers.
GOOD The film's got a big scope and a big heart, even taking time to decry class, social, and racial discrimination.
GOOD A great big Bollywood musical, complete with song and dance and doomed love triangles and elegantly photographed men playing cricket. And it's terrific fun, in a way that only great big musical fantasies can be.
GOOD A great introduction to the joys of Indian popular cinema.
GOOD This is a lavish production that will remain a favourite for years to come.
FAIR So fascinating, you may not notice how much time has passed when the credits finally roll.
FAIR There's no denying that when this film is good, it's very good.
GOOD After having seen this Cinemascope extravaganza in a theater, on DVD and video, I still think the big screen experience is worth it.
GOOD The most deliriously entertaining movie of the summer.
GOOD It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good, but it is.
FAIR Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.
BAD There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew.
GOOD An enormously entertaining movie, like nothing we've ever seen before, and yet completely familiar.
GOOD Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance, music, suspense and action.
GOOD A rippingly good, old-fashioned movie epic that takes the best of Bollywood cinema ... and elevates it for an international audience.
BAD A one-stop shopping experience in the cinema of the subcontinent.
FAIR An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that charms you into forgiving any of its shortcomings.
GOOD I have a new favorite musical -- and I'm not even a fan of the genre
FAIR If you haven't sampled India's indigenous cinema, this is a great place to begin.
GOOD It's not so much a movie as an experience, an exhilarating dip into different cultural waters to a place where lovers actually call each other 'beloved' and no one laughs.
GOOD A movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title, entertaining, enlightening, and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution.
GOOD About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come.
FAIR Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting.
GOOD It's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor.
FAIR Provides an entertainingly accessible introduction into the world of the Bollywood musical.
GOOD Rarely in either Hollywood or Bollywood has such magic been wrought so seamlessly by the concerted, coordinated efforts of so many for the enjoyment of all.
GOOD An affectionate homage to a popular genre that raises it to the level of an art film with fully drawn characters, a serious underlying theme, and a sophisticated style and point of view.
GOOD Unbeatable entertainment from India, and proof that the often derided Bollywood film industry is entirely capable of beating Hollywood at its own game.
GOOD In some ways, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood. Except it's much, much better.
FAIR If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun.
GOOD This is a movie that knows its business -- pleasing a broad, popular audience -- and goes about it with savvy professionalism and genuine flair.
GOOD For labyrinth-lovers...a thoughtful and entertaining murder mystery predicated on intellectual debate. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great mystery until the end. Connery and Abraham throw sparks each time they meet.
BAD the window dressing is not enough to buoy the principle acting
GOOD A spiritual thriller that holds up thanks to its rich themes and great acting
FAIR How you accept an English monk with a Scottish accent and the mind of a Sherlock Holmes is the question.
GOOD A well-played medieval murder mystery, featuring a lot of good-looking men with really bad haircuts.
FAIR Marvelous adaptation of a complex Umberto Eco novel. Christian Slater's first feature role.
GOOD Absolutely terrific, tight, and focused filmmaking.
GOOD "Secretary" recalibrates the capabilities of meaningful romantic comedy - a "Pygmalion" variation that's stealthily tender, witty but never broad and scintillatingly erotic to the point of palpitations. Gyllenhaal and Spader give career-best work.
FAIR A twisted and very funny rethinking of the romantic comedy genre. Great performances by Spader and Gyllenhaal.
BAD A comedy? A wake up call? I'm not sure.
GOOD A great feature film with enough laughs, weirdness, fine performances and filmmaking flair to earn it a place on most critics' top ten of the year lists.
GOOD A grande proeza do filme e mostrar que, para os personagens de Gyllenhaal e Spader, seus desvios de personalidade nao sao defeitos, mas um caminho diferente para a felicidade.
GOOD It has an integrity to the kinkiness of its theme that doesn't shake loose but you'll get more out of it if you bring your analyst along with you.
GOOD Secretary might be too hot to handle for prudes and fuddy-duddies. But then again, it's the kind of film they might enjoy the most.
GOOD A sly female empowerment movie, although not in a way anyone would expect.
BAD Secretary operates on a level devoid of any plausibility or satisfaction. It's cold, overly-calculated, tasteless and meaningless in nearly every way possible.
GOOD Provocative, funny and one of the more offbeat love stories you're ever going to see.
FAIR Contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays. Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way.
BAD Anybody remember Shannon Tweed?
BAD It's an interesting exploration of people finding and accepting themselves and then finding the puzzle piece that fits this new shape.
BAD Even as the stakes are raised in Secretary's sexual give and take, the movie retains its detached, private mood.
FAIR It does what good films do best; that is to provoke us, push our buttons, make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process.
FAIR Suspend your inclination toward the politically correct for a couple of hours and I bet you'll find yourself, as I did, rooting for these two loonies to live slappily ever after.
GOOD Even though Secretary goes down an uncomfortable road, it does so in a way that is refreshingly honest, intelligent, and eminently watchable.
GOOD For grownups only, this is a sort of...romance.
FAIR Gyllenhaal is so winsome, so self-possessed, so knowing in her innocence, that she makes bondage seem (pardon the pun) captivating.
FAIR The film itself may leave you with an odd, unsettled feeling, if not a really bad taste in your mouth.
BAD Ughhh! Can we please give the 50's a rest?
FAIR ...not every movie couple has to look like Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks.
GOOD It seems to be a case of everyone thinking that the subject matter is so very interesting and unusual that it's all the film needs. To some degree, that's true, but that mentality threatens to turn the into My Big Fat Spanking Wedding.
FAIR It is . . . undeniably absorbing, playing like a great book. As the film splays across the screen, you may find yourself anticipating each new page, err frame.
GOOD Unless there are whips, chains or a whole lot of black leather in your closet, "Secretary" is probably not an ideal date movie.
BAD The one thing that's consistently involving in Secretary is Maggie Gyllenhaal as the secretary.
FAIR Notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour, I'm going to recommend SECRETARY, based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal, and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
GOOD A funny and somehow touching treatment of sadomasochistic behavior at the workplace. Spader and Gyllenhaal are fantastic.
GOOD Movies Secretary Director: Steven Shainberg Starring: Lesley Ann Warren, James Spader, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeremy Davies (R, 104 min.) Secretary is a testament to the importance of tonality in telling a story.
GOOD Obviously, Secretary isn't for everyone. But if you're willing to take a chance, you might be surprised to find you've enjoyed it.
FAIR Equal opportunity exploitation.
FAIR Gyllenhaal's deep yearning buttresses the film's swiss-cheese argument that pain opens the door to real feeling, and that Lee and Edward are sharing a love that's right for them.
GOOD Despite its flaws, Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions.
FAIR Whether it shocks or disturbs or amuses, Secretary deserves applause for doing something most movies avoid these days.
GOOD Screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga and director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu exert such control over the story that even a cute doggie disappearance develops into a toilet-trained take on "The Telltale Heart." Warts and all, "Amores Perros" is love, actually.
GOOD Dozens of shoddy imitators have done nothing to disguise the wit of its narrative construction.
GOOD Gonzalez Inarritu's sinfully enjoyable epic roars in on a wave of blood, gunshots and dog barks.
GOOD It is that rarest of features that shows a deep understanding of people, truly cinematic storytelling technique and brilliantly choreographed fight and chase scenes.
GOOD Seemingly uneven, Questionably overlong, Indisputably intriguing
GOOD It is a raw, intermittently brilliant film that heralds a sort of renaissance in Mexican film.
GOOD Astonishingly powerful debut film from director Inarritu - brilliantly shot, superbly acted and deeply heartfelt, this is one of the best films of the year.
GOOD Fresh, shocking, violent, romantic, profane and profound, Amores Perros is a revelation, a jolt of cinematic power and a bracing act of faith.
GOOD The biggest strength of Amores Perros is its display of humanity at its worst when it is driven by primal attachments.
GOOD Amores Perros es una cinta capaz de pegarnos intensamente en la mirada pero tambien en el espiritu.
FAIR Inarritu's talent may be derivative, but it's applied to a setting he knows well and whose vibrancy he's keen to convey.
GOOD The stories never come together in a way that really enlightens, but that's not to say the film is anything less than entertaining.
FAIR Even with its flaws, it will be hard to find a film with as many complex characters inhabiting its world as this.
GOOD A stunningly made film, raw and authentic, with the ability to get way under the skin.
GOOD First-time director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu has taken an original story and fashioned it into a tale that is gritty, multifaceted, and brimming with edgy performances.
FAIR Grabs our attention... Innaritu is a clever visual stylist.
GOOD The performances here are, again and again, natural and convincing, with many of the actors making their debuts.
GOOD This is first-rate filmmaking, horrific and tender, raw and lyrical.
FAIR The structure lacks purpose, the film struggles to justify its two-and-a-half-hour running time and the faint-hearted might find it a little gory.
GOOD In a single film, director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu balances stories and moods as diverse as canine breeds.
GOOD Seething, unsettling.
FAIR Compels almost effortlessly, and skilfully conceals its thefts (from Tarantino, mostly), easy ironies, and insubstantiality.
GOOD It may not have won the Oscar, but this is ... an ambitious and thrilling work.
GOOD Inarritu and his cast are able to make the audience care for these deeply flawed characters and share their often intertwined feelings of pleasure and pain.
FAIR Give me Los Olvidados instead, but this pumped telenovela is very much the film Kieslowski would have made had he followed Bunuel's lead and gone to Mexico.
FAIR [Inarritu] may well be the millennium's first new master film maker.
GOOD Earth versus Heaven is always an interesting conflict, but it's seldom looked so beautiful.
FAIR a visually extravagant, exhilarating explosion of animation that makes absolutely no sense
FAIR The spectacular artwork and animation go a long way toward keeping the audience captivated.
BAD In a movie that is deadly serious, the stilted dialog provides unexpected sources of mirth.
FAIR This is powerful stuff.
BAD Children of Heaven won me over with its slow gentle build and big sweet heart. I was expecting more of the same with Willow Tree. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.
GOOD A spiritual masterpiece on gratitude, transformation and surrender to God by the gifted Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi. Rumi would love it!
FAIR Anchored by Parastui's luminous, heartfelt performance, [director] Majidi also revels in the joy of sight, especially as manifested in the beauty and lovely colors of nature. The Willow Tree is a powerful and ultimately optimistic movie.
GOOD A perfectly worked out story and a marvelous new step forward for Iranian director Majid Majidi. It is also, in some ways, yet another step forward for his country's cinema, a national art that grows more accomplished every year.
GOOD Explicitly religious, intensely poetic meditations, filled with recurrent symbols and suffused with a spirit of divine apprehension. [It is] sad beyond measure.
GOOD A beautiful, strange film, deeply moving and no surprise from [director] Majidi.
FAIR The film is dignified by Parvis Parastui's memorable performance, which partially offsets Majidi's symbolic heavywork.
GOOD Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
GOOD Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum. What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never see the bullet that kills you.
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
GOOD A staggering masterpiece.
GOOD At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't let go.
GOOD It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no comfortable answers for solving any of the problems it so well describes.
FAIR Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
GOOD We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never quite like this.
GOOD As we see kids of no more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't give them what they want, we can't help but pity them.
GOOD "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us. It elicits a response. It pounds away at us until we break...
GOOD Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change. Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
FAIR 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
GOOD a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
GOOD "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never have known existed.
GOOD Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
GOOD Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
GOOD The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
GOOD Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
GOOD For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
GOOD Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
GOOD A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
GOOD This isn't easy to watch. But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
GOOD Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
GOOD The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not really like anything but itself. And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
FAIR ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
GOOD Passionate tale of lost and regained love.
FAIR Atmospheric but watery romantic melodrama
GOOD A funny, touching, sumptuous, and incredibly romantic ode to the joys of love and food.
FAIR Good food metaphors and solid romantic story.
GOOD "sensual and constantly surprising"
GOOD ...not since Tom Jones has food taken on such erotic meaning.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
BAD Intense and very involving drama by Belgian director Joachim Lafosse.
BAD Brilliantly acted but oppressively dour.
FAIR Ingeniously uncomfortable but occasionally too opaque, Private Property is a darkly inventive family drama.
GOOD Thanks to the acuity of their performances, the old adage "You always hurt the ones you love" rings new and true.
GOOD Huppert is superb, her lonely heroine both sympathetically vulnerable and yet also slightly culpable for her sons' terribly selfish behaviour.
GOOD There's not a wasted word and the performances are impressive in Joachim Lafosse's hugely impressive film.
FAIR Once again Europe shows Hollywood how to put together a funny, sexy, scary, thought-provoking drama and pack it into 90 intense minutes
FAIR Lafosse gives it an arbitrary rest without clearing up a few mysteries, which unfortunately means he doesn't have to acknowledge or deal with them.
GOOD An impeccably acted character drama revolving around a mother and her teenage twin sons, Private Property shows how strong and how terrifying the bonds within families can be.
GOOD What draws us into "Private Property" is how so many things happen under the surface, never commented upon. At any given moment, we cannot say for sure what the characters fully feel, since they often act at right angles to their emotions.
FAIR [Director] Lafosse's frustrating, yet beautifully elegiac coda emphasizes the point that his production and storytelling style have been making throughout: Private Property is about processes, not conclusions.
FAIR French actress Isabelle Huppert has made a career out of playing women on the verge of ... something. Suicide, nervous breakdowns, disastrous affairs -- you name it, Huppert's characters have had it.
FAIR [Director] Lafosse's razor sharp dissection of relationships strained to the breaking point is hypnotic in a road-accident kind of way.
FAIR Huppert is, as usual, superb, proving yet again that she is the finest actress working in France today.
FAIR The performances are impeccable, but while director Joachim Lafosse carefully creates an atmosphere of suffocating dread, he could have let a little more air into this simmering hothouse.
FAIR Private Property has the pulse of an emotional thriller, but without commercial cinema's usual shrieking violins and storytelling beats.
FAIR A tightly structured family drama that accurately portrays the domestic wars that can drive family members apart.
GOOD Rhythmically, narratively and emotionally propulsive, this Joachim Lafosse film finds the almost predictably magnificent Isabelle Huppert as a woman of a certain age, trying to swim to the surface with a weight around her leg -- make that two weights.
FAIR Huppert's state of dead-end panic during one scene is an example of how she keeps the story at a human level, preventing it from becoming some stale and intellectual homily about female emancipation.
GOOD Though the arc of the story is fairly predictable, Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyate bring humanity to their roles.
FAIR The film is a matter of Brenda Blethyn's performance vs. Sotigui Kouyate's presence.
FAIR There isn't a whole lot of nuance in writer-director Rachid Bouchareb's unapologetically political story. But Blethyn's performance ultimately draws viewers in.
FAIR It would be nice to say that Bouchareb, who also wrote and directed "Days of Glory" and "Outside the Law," succeeds. He does not entirely. But he doesn't fail, either.
FAIR [T]wo strangers surprisingly find that horror makes the globalization of terror very personal [with] Blethyn's convincing performance [as] a desperate mother.
GOOD An engaging morality play about the quest of an English woman and an African Muslim to find their children after the 2005 terrorist attack in London.
FAIR Blethyn and Kouyate inhabit and expand the film's earnestly instructive intentions, leaving us with a deeply-felt experience rather than a naively-sketched lesson.
BAD "London River'' features on-target acting by its two leads, but they receive scant support from the wobbly plot.
FAIR Demonstrates how great acting can infuse a banal, politically correct drama with dollops of emotional truth.
GOOD There's such a graceful sense of restraint in how this real-life tragedy is treated, one that filters any potential for ripped-from-yesterday's-headlines sensationalism through a respectful requiem of loss and grief.
FAIR Although the film occasionally cuts away to contextualized clips from news reports, it keeps its focus small-scale, filtering the world historical through the intimately personal.
FAIR The film's message about these worried individuals and the larger family of all humanity is a bit obvious at times, but the performances keep you watching.
FAIR The emotion feels credible, the connections seem real and, if only briefly, the title truly earns its metaphor -- the same river does run through us all.
FAIR Un retrato humano, sobrio y sensible, que reflexiona sobre los prejuicios y la tolerancia racial, cultural y religiosa en el contexto de los atentados terroristas de Londres. Estupenda labor de sus dos protagonistas.
FAIR This gentle melodrama uses the July 2005 terrorist bombings in London as a jumping off point for a tender tale of clashing cultures united in grief.
FAIR A low key drama about parental instincts crossing international/cultural/religious boundaries as well as a haunting reminder about how little we know our children once they've fled the nest, London River feels unexpectedly one-dimensional.
FAIR This is a noble tribute to a day we all witnessed five years ago, and pray we will never see again.
BAD London River effectively sidesteps direct comment and full-blown tragedy in favour of mild melodrama and a heartening dose of diversity-studies sermonising.
GOOD Quiet and contained, this film feels like a TV movie due to its somewhat gentle look at a serious issue. But there's real strength in its performances
GOOD Old fashioned and low key, London River feels like a dour kitchen sink chamber piece from the Sixties.
FAIR It's taken a very long time to get released here. But London River is a thoughtful, resonant meditation on 7/7.
GOOD An insight-filled take on prejudice in post-11/7 London that packs a hefty punch.
FAIR In the film's latter stages, Blethyn's heart-on-the-sleeve acting style finally combines with the marvellous Kouyate's watchful intelligence and frail dignity to moving effect.
FAIR There's only been one 7/7 film before this -- the shrill nonsense-fest that was Incendiary. Thankfully, this is much better.
GOOD An engrossing and engaging drama with two fine performances by two veteran actors.
GOOD Blethyn brings tremendous empathy to the introspective, determined Elisabeth, while the tall, gaunt and dreadlocked Ousmane fleshes out his less-dimensional role with a haunting sadness that speaks volumes.
FAIR For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
