GOOD Dreyer goes to the Christian heart of the matter in this film. Damned powerful.
GOOD Carl Theodor Dreyer's 1943 parable about witch-finding and witch-burning in 17th-century Denmark is coldly brilliant.
GOOD A compelling family melodrama and a sombre exploration of how men co-opt religious dogma to oppress and punish female desires.
GOOD Day of Wrath is probably the simplest of the Dreyer films that I've seen, but it is still a great work.
GOOD Dreyer was a master of conveying emotion in a way that can only be called "literary"
GOOD A study of good and evil, repression and oppression, sexuality and guilt, Day of Wrath is a truly spiritual film.
GOOD A savage attack on American comfort.
GOOD functions equally well as revenge drama, moral fable, and no-holds-barred condemnation of dog-eat-dog capitalism
FAIR Dassin's film emerges as a rather searing, wide-reaching indictment of the necessary evils of doing business in the United States
GOOD Dassin swathes Thieves' Highway's long-haul boys in claustrophobic compositions and menacing darkness.
GOOD There has never been a picture like David O. Selznick's production of Gone With the Wind.
GOOD Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh create their own sizzle as Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara in a lavish four-hour epic that juxtaposes scenes of jaw-dropping majesty with moments of elegant intimacy and playful verbal jousting.
GOOD No one watches Gone with the Wind for historical accuracy. What keeps us coming back is four-hours of epic romance in gorgeous Technicolor.
FAIR Too clumsy a thing to be taken seriously, with its romanticisation of slavery and its problematic approach to rape, Gone With The Wind is nevertheless a work of considerable power.
GOOD Running to nearly four hours and boasting at least three directors, this epic American Civil War romantic drama is more of a symbol of the Hollywood studio system than a mere movie.
FAIR The performances of eternally glittering movie stars Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable ... exist in a league of their own, demanding rapt attention in scene after scene.
GOOD Ginormous in both scale and emotional wallop, MGM's epic is still a cinematic event to be savoured.
GOOD Brimming with colour and passion, it pulls its emotional kick from tremendous performances, not least from Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable as the love-hate lovers.
FAIR The golden standard for classic Hollywood bombast, this one.
FAIR If ever the phrase, "They don't make 'em like they used to" could fit a film, this is it.
GOOD The epic film that to this day stands as the benchmark against which all other epics are judged.
GOOD Gone with the Wind is still dated, but it's a dynamite kind of antiquity.
GOOD It's impossible not to be carried away by the rich arterial force of this storytelling.
GOOD Grand old Hollywood at its most magnificent and melodramatic. Say what you like about the soapy characterisation and plotting, the spectacle flattens all in its wake.
GOOD A lost Hollywood art: the epic melodrama.
GOOD Terrificly acted, staged and designed, Gone WIth the Wind remains one of the greatest period epics ever filmed.
GOOD Despite the star power of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable, Wind has lost some of its bluster, yet it survives as a glorious Technicolored window into America's dusty, bygone past.
GOOD It's so full of iconic moments of plotting and dialog that a feature film could be edited just out of the most quotable moments.
GOOD ...producer David O. Selznick's crowning achievement and a film that stands up as one of the screen's finest classics.
GOOD One of the classic films that defined American cinema, Gone With the Wind is a rare example of a collaboration involving hundreds of talents and egos that turned out great.
GOOD Never, never bores me. Glabe is fabulous!
FAIR Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara remain the greatest pairing of irresistible force and immovable object in Hollywood romance.
GOOD Treat yourself to one of the greatest cinematic experiences ever created.
GOOD The brilliant epitome of corporate filmmaking.
GOOD Often, older movies are a bit naive and unthreatening, but this movie is surprisingly fierce and somber.
GOOD Mind-boggling for the first time in a theater. Too bad that many, like me, see it first on TV.
GOOD It could be -- and should be -- viewed from a dozen different perspectives, but it is, above all, a story about adapting to the most challenging circumstances possible.
GOOD Clear an evening and indulge yourself in one of the few films that can justifiably be called an epic.
GOOD The best remembered and most publicized film in Hollywood's flamboyant history, the biggest of David O. Selznick's grand obsessions, and quite probably the most beloved movie of all time.
GOOD The passionate saga of Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler, played out against the flaming red backdrop of the Civil War, generates enough romance, historic drama and deep emotion to fuel a dozen great films.
GOOD Everything about it is big.
GOOD Victor Fleming's 60-year-old movie looks like it was shot this year.
FAIR People who actually recall 1942 will more greatly appreciate the waves of nostalgia that bathe this affectionate coming-of-age drama, set on a tiny island off New England.
FAIR In the early hijinks phase, the film seems like a dry run for Porky's, but it later gets into the business of fluttering curtains, walks on sandy beaches and longing glances.
GOOD "Summer Of '42" is an unforgettable meditation on sexual awakening and loss during WWII.
FAIR "Summer of '42" is a memory movie, written, directed and acted with such uncommon good humor that I don't think you'll be put off by its sweet soft-focus, at least until you start analyzing it afterwards.
GOOD One of the cinematic coming-of-age stories that started a trend.
FAIR Nostalgic coming-into-manhood fantasy.
FAIR Nostalgia is used as a distancing device -- to keep us safely insulated from the boy's immediate grief, love, and passion.
BAD Dates very badly indeed
FAIR It's apparent in every scene that this is a highly personal film for screenwriter Raucher, and the nostalgia is so palpable that it nearly slides off the screen.
BAD Lacking the faith in God and Hollywood kitsch that motivated Cecil B. DeMille, Ridley Scott's modern-day Bible epic is much less gripping than any movie with plagues of frogs and boils ought to be.
FAIR There's no arguing the immensity of it or the beauty of its visual images. But what's around the many show-stopping moments is too generic to send us out of the theater properly awestruck, reverent and wowed.
BAD I found myself longing for the clarity of Darren Aronofsky's recent Noah, which acknowledged the insane implications of its story by putting rock monsters (fallen angels!) on the screen.
FAIR Exodus: Gods and Kings is by no means a perfect film. But it's a very good film with exceptional devotion to craft, which is more than can be said for many other Bible-themed movies, which often favor accuracy over artistry.
BAD It's a story that has been told and retold for thousands of years, but this po-faced, dutifully spectacular retelling barely lingers in the memory beyond the end credits.
BAD Walk on the bland side in a comic book of biblical proportions.
BAD This sour Moses - whose visions come after a biff on the head - emerges as a certifiable lunatic who gets lucky with a few meteorological, geographical and zoological anomalies.
FAIR Despite the always-commanding Bale as Moses, the emotional side of this story is lacking.
FAIR Ridley Scott's biblical epic "Exodus: Gods and Kings" is by turns fascinating and infuriating, exciting and tedious, head-scratching and inspiring.
BAD Yes, there is spectacle, although the initially promising parting of the Red Sea is almost drowned by waves of climactic silliness.
FAIR The excitement is dampened by a draggy middle where Moses gets married and a tedious epilogue, but Scott's keen ability to explain scripture miracles in credible terms is this biblical blockbuster's major asset.
FAIR Ultimately, it's a determinedly un-ironic biblical epic which may have no time for laughs but shows a keen capacity to tell a decent story well.
BAD The assortment of four credited writers charged with getting Exodus whipped into shape did an alarmingly terrible job of it.
BAD It's sad to say that the most interesting aspects of this film don't actually occur on the screen.
FAIR From a visual perspective, Scott has created a picture that, at times, can take your breath away, but he loses sight of the more intimate, idiosyncratic elements that should elevate and humanise this narrative.
FAIR In a world still being torn apart by religious conflict, the film does have a resonance beyond the grand visual sweep that Scott can always be relied upon to deliver.
BAD Just another disappointingly so-so Scott production - more Kingdom of Heaven than Gladiator.
FAIR Exodus feels like a missed opportunity.
GOOD Trust Ridley Scott to give us a bold, revisionist take on the foundation story of three major world religions.
FAIR Whether it's Ramses losing half his army in a horrific landslide or vast, sweeping panoramas of the Pharaoh's Egypt in all its blood-built glory, Exodus is an entertainment of the first order.
BAD the film's racial issues only make it seem that much leaden, unimaginative, and old-fashioned
FAIR Scott once seemed divine. Look on [Exodus], ye mighty, and despair.
FAIR Aside from impressive 21st century digital effects, this new take on the Moses story pales in comparison to Cecil B. DeMille's iconic 1956 version, The Ten Commandments, which is far more resonant and intensely dramatic.
FAIR It's in the spectacle elements that Scott's film thrives, and of his recent big-budget mediocrities, Exodus is probably the best.
BAD How do you screw up the parting of the Red Sea? How does Ridley Scott?
BAD Production Stands Tall, Story Washed Out
BAD Exodus frequently feels like it is running down a checklist of scenes and events rather than telling a natural story.
BAD The film's emotional component hinges on Moses leaving his wife and young son for a long and dangerous journey. But what you'll remember best is all the smiting.
BAD His direction snaps to life in the big moments, which have an energy and drive missing from the rest of the movie.
BAD Even Christian Bale's noteworthy performance can't save the fact that Exodus: Gods and Kings never finds a proper pace thanks to its offbeat storytelling.
GOOD 'Exodus: Gods and Kings' is spectacular.
FAIR Ridley Scott only barely manages to pull this off by playing the spectacle card with 'Exodus: Gods and Kings.'
FAIR Former actor Don Taylor directs smoothly and efficiently and elicits fine performances from the cast.
FAIR Passable entertainment, but it's no fun watching the likable, witty Cornelius and Zira become hairy martyrs.
FAIR the film is a highly satisfying mix of satire and suspense
FAIR One of the better new movies in town, and better in a genre -- science-fiction -- that at the crucial middle level where the history of movies is made, if not written, has recently been not so much bad as invisible.
FAIR The last of the "Ape" sequels that's worth watching.
FAIR Possibly the least of the series, but certainly not a predictable sequel.
GOOD Oneof the best of the bunch!
BAD feels like a quickie insert that is needed to progress the larger narrative, but doesn't have enough meat on it to deserve its own film
FAIR Brings just enough of a twist to the series' conventions.
FAIR The best of the all of the sequels.
FAIR It works fairly well as the central movie of the franchise but will have little to offer non-devotees.
FAIR Regarded by some as the best of the Planet of the Apes sequels, maybe even on a par with the 1968 Charlton Heston original itself, this third Apes movie breathes fresh air into [the] series.
FAIR A fascinatingly disjointed hybrid of Western and combat film.
GOOD One of Leone's best movies -- and one of his looniest, which may be exactly why it's one of the best.
GOOD Not exactly classic Leone, but enjoyable nonetheless as many of the great elements are in place: maverick heroes, action, and Ennio Morricone music.
BAD The idiosyncrasies are there, all right, but they have never seemed less interesting.
FAIR Well-plotted action, but as in most of Leone's films scenes seem to have been deleted from the American prints.
GOOD Woefully overlooked... Top-tier widescreen action... Ennio Morricone's enchanting score and Leone's trademark flourishes handshake in wild agreement. Sucker punches its way to the top of the Italian-western mountains.
GOOD Features one of the most glorious and unforgettable scores by Leone's composer, Ennio Morricone.
GOOD Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
GOOD The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
GOOD One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
GOOD This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
GOOD The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
GOOD MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
GOOD The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
GOOD Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
GOOD Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
GOOD The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
GOOD This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
GOOD It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
GOOD Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
GOOD A head trip of a family film.
GOOD The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
GOOD It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
GOOD If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
GOOD One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
GOOD The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
GOOD The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
GOOD This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
GOOD I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
GOOD The pre-noir gangster genre was in many ways defined by the innovative approaches taken by Hawks in this film.
GOOD The greatest gangster movie of the 1930s -- and that means the greatest ever.
GOOD [The police chief] endorses the myth of the west while conceiving the urban gangster as a rat-like menace.
GOOD Completely relevant: Citizens complain that access to technologically more efficient guns is partly to blame for the crime wave; they fret over illegal immigrants; they worry that the 'new breed' of criminal is more uncivilized than its predecessor...
GOOD Atmospheric, mesmerising and darkly humourous with a sizzling script and cast. This is a true classic of its genre.
GOOD Paul Muni goes way over the top as Tony Camonte, painting a picture of a gangster who knows nothing but excess, and who will stop at nothing to get his way.
GOOD The slaughter in Scarface, the Shame of a Nation, the Howard Hughes gangster production... is like that of a Shakespearean tragedy
GOOD Hawks displays balls of steel, using the filmic medium to challenge the free reign of mobsters in the 1930's.
GOOD The quintessential crime thriller. One of the few perfect films.
GOOD The quintessential classic gangster picture.
GOOD a potent, uncompromising and de-romanticized portrait of the gangster life
GOOD Scarface is unquestionably one of the greatest talking American movies ever made, and has been terribly underrated all through this century.
GOOD One of Hawks's undisputed masterpieces, and a landmark in the screen depiction of gangsters.
FAIR Unnecessary sequel is nonetheless entertaining; Roddy Mcdowall back in simian shape.
BAD Aside from Severn Darden, who relishes his lip-smacking heavy character, the cast seems disinterested; even series stalwart Roddy McDowall looks bored.
GOOD An okay finale.
GOOD surprisingly entertaining
BAD Battle looks like the last gap of a dying series, a movie made simply to wring the dollars out of any remaining ape fans.
BAD The bluntest, cheapest and worst of the 'Apes' movies.
GOOD Schmaltzy doesn't get much better...
BAD The battle was lost several movies earlier.
FAIR Fans will enjoy it, but the "Apes" gang could have done a little better. Not surprisingly, this was the fifth and last installment. (Unless you count the TV show...)
BAD At least it is only 83 minutes long.
BAD The Planet of the Apes series started well, and gradually decreased in budget and quality. By Battle the budget is all but gone, and all the believability and excitement has gone with it.
FAIR The only film in the series to end on a positive note.
BAD [For] completists only and definitely counts as the worst in the entire series.
GOOD A polarizing, but classic piece of children's entertainment filled with whimsy, horror, comedy and imagination.
GOOD This is Gene Wilder's legacy. He was perfect for the role, and it was his mixture of childlike wonder and bitter, deserved vengeance that made the character so compelling.
GOOD Pure, sweet imagination for both kids and adults.
BAD The passages in the mysterious factory, which should be Charlie's and our release from the oppression of the earlier scenes, are just as ugly as everything that's come before, so there's no contrast.
GOOD ...filled with good humor, good acting, and good songs...and it's just off kilter enough to keep everyone's attention.
GOOD Ainda que um ou outro numero musical comprometa o ritmo, o clima de fantasia e a atuacao calorosa de Wilder conquistam o espectador.
GOOD The movie bursts with creativity, deep thought and comedy.
GOOD Probably Gene Wilder's finest, most manic hour.
GOOD Weird and wonderful
GOOD Just a frolicking Wonka visionary schnozberry flavored delight!
FAIR It has a huge following, though I've never understood why.
FAIR If "creepy" can be an asset, then this is the best kind of creepy you'll ever find.
GOOD A timeless family film that will continue to endure as long as people love chocolate.
GOOD The original feel good film from 1971, is back in a special new DVD edition for its thirtieth anniversary with some great special features.
GOOD Brings joy to adult and child alike.
FAIR The zany factory's imaginative gimmicks, and that vivid color scheme, will keep even the youngest kids alert.
GOOD Rough and grim knuckle-fighting drama headlining Charles Bronson.
GOOD Walter Hill's first film as a director is spare, elegiac and as tough as a nickel steak.
BAD ...a decidedly underwhelming entry within Kubrick's increasingly spotty body of work...
GOOD By a whopping margin, this is Kubrick's most radical film and greatest dramatic gamble.
GOOD The blackest black comedy ever made by a major Hollywood studio, and one of the funniest handful of films made in English.
GOOD Because of its uncanny insight and frighteningly prescient satirical edge, Dr. Strangelove is a document of its time and also timeless. It held onto its relevancy by being bitter, cynical, and thinking absolutely the worst of people.
GOOD Dr Strangelove is one of Stanley Kubrick's many masterpieces, one of the greatest films about the Cold War and one of the greatest comedies ever made.
GOOD Black comedy Kubrick classic for smart teens+.
GOOD It's easily one of the director's best films of his somewhat controversial career.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove's status as the movie that confirmed both Stanley Kubrick's reputation and the arrival of beat-sick irreverence can no longer be retracted.
GOOD Kubrick nos presenteia com uma perola de humor negro que critica acidamente as guerras e a mediocridade dos homens por tras destas.
GOOD It's as startling today as it was then. Catch it now before it becomes too relevant to be funny again.
GOOD Sound funny? It is.
GOOD Endures as one of the finest political satires.
GOOD It still features Peter Sellers' finest three performances as well as proving that the supposedly humourless Kubrick was up for a laugh.
GOOD This landmark movie's madcap humor and terrifying suspense remain undiminished by time.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's 40-year-old satirical polital-comedy about the end of the world is especially disturbing as one ponders world events at present.
GOOD The paradigm of all end-of-the-world political thrillers and a part of the American vernacular.
GOOD Is Dr. Strangelove Kubrick's best movie? Along with Paths of Glory, absolutely.
GOOD Kubrick's great 1964 tragicomedy about superpowers on the nuclear brink continues to fascinate new generations of moviegoers, as its frequent reissues attest.
GOOD A masterpiece of satire, paranoia and straight comedy. One of the all-time classics with a great cast and many memorable moments. Sellers is magnificent.
GOOD If there never were another satire of war, you'd think this one would have single-handedly stopped the whole mad business.
GOOD Frightening, hilarious -- and indelible.
GOOD Masterful and highly original
FAIR ...still shocking in its giggly nihilism.
GOOD Masterpiece
GOOD Easily classifiable as one of the top ten films of all time.
GOOD Hysterically funny cold war satire. Peter Sellers' triple role is the crowning touch. One of Kubrick's greatest films.
GOOD The shameful, criminal wrongs depicted in this document from the past are with us today.
GOOD An absolutely hilarious and brilliant satire in which Kubrick's assured and precise direction serves, for once, to make an incredibly entertaing film as well as a smart one.
GOOD The final word on the Cold War... the defining text on a subject so overwhelmingly horrible that all you can do is laugh.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's best film. A perfect satire.
GOOD One of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD A Duck Soup for the Cold War era.
GOOD The film is always saying something, and a viewer would have to be deaf and blind not to recognize the targets of the sarcasm.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove (1964) is filled with great comic performances.
GOOD This marriage of indelible imagery with electric, seemingly incongruous pop songs wouldn't be bettered until, well, the next time Scorsese decided to do it.
GOOD Features an attention-grabbing performance by Robert De Niro, but I maintain that Harvey Keitel's excellent central performance has always been critically undervalued.
GOOD Authentic in feel and immensely personal in subject matter, Mean Streets marked the arrival of one Martin Scorsese and his unique brand of urban filmmaking.
GOOD showcases Scorsese's artistic strengths and weaknesses as they stood at the outset of his career
GOOD The movie's blazing energy is still astounding; the verite street-scenes are terrific and Scorsese's pioneering use of popular music is genuinely thrilling.
GOOD A tight, intense masterpiece from Scorsese, writing collaborator Mardik Martin and the iconic stars.
GOOD The film feels authentic, the characters are true, the situation hopeless
BAD Doesn't do it for me, I'm afraid.
GOOD Terrific. Top shelf talent at the top of their game, working immediately before they would change Hollywood.
GOOD Scorsese's first masterpiece is still gripping.
GOOD One of cinema's finest moments....you'll never forget it
GOOD Perfected here are Scorsese's patented slow-motion cutaways, combination pan/tracking shots, ingenious use of pop music, and impromptu bloodbaths
GOOD The Godfather made the mob glamorous. Mean Streets made it real. Martin Scorsese's ferocious, grimy 1973 classic is just as good as Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece, but it shows us criminal life lower down the food chain.
GOOD ...a gritty, one-of-a-kind, unromantic, down-and-dirty look at the streets of New York like no film had portrayed those streets and their people before.
GOOD Without exaggeration, you could make an argument for Mean Streets being the most influential film of the last fifty years.
GOOD The hilarious scene in which Charlie and Johnny Boy argue about Johnny Boy's debts in the backroom of a bar (a scene that was improvised) is alone worth the price of admission.
GOOD No matter how bleak the milieu, no matter how heartbreaking the narrative, some films are so thoroughly, beautifully realized they have a kind of tonic effect that has no relation to the subject matter.
GOOD One of Scorsese's true classics.
GOOD A true rough diamond, Scorsese's breakthrough may be uneven, but at its heart lies fledgling genius.
GOOD Its greatness lies in its leanness, with nary a word, a move, a gesture that's nonessential.
GOOD A ferociously original film.
GOOD One of those movies that you should see, even if it is only to watch a masterful director's first superior film.
GOOD Everyone involved brings a near-dizzying rhythm to this quintessential 'New York movie' and its collection of outsider-characters, all intoxicated on themselves.
GOOD In countless ways, right down to the detail of modern TV crime shows, Mean Streets is one of the source points of modern movies.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion. Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't make 'em like this anymore. It's easy to see why.
GOOD The Panic in the Needle Park rolls up the drug culture's sleeve and picks at the scabs underneath.
FAIR An occasion to meditate upon the frightfulness of heroin addiction and why many youth opt for the euphoria of white powder rather than the promises of the American dream.
FAIR More a character study than any kind of narrative story, it's moderately worthwhile but far from a classic.
GOOD Alem de contar com as estupendas atuacoes de Winn e Pacino (em sua brilhante estreia no Cinema), este ainda e um dos melhores filmes ja produzidos sobre dependencia quimica.
GOOD It is not filled with quick cutting or gimmicky editing, but Jerry Schatzberg's direction is so confident that we cover the ground effortlessly.
GOOD Its politics are abhorrent to me, but my god, it's such a slick, well-crafted thriller ... that I can't hate it
FAIR A tense thriller that holds your attention to the very end. The film is aided by one of Bernard Hermann's better scores.
BAD Tedious remake of a "thriller" that wasn't that thrilling to begin with
GOOD Keep-you-up-all-night terrifying!
FAIR The remake with De Niro had the most to fear from this superior little thriller!
GOOD A classic revenge thriller.
GOOD works best as a twisted nail-biter, punctuated brilliantly with an apocalyptic score by Bernard Herrmann
GOOD Unashamedly a soap opera, but it's not only an excellent example of that too easily dismissed form -- it's a soap opera with an agenda.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD There are no superlatives which can adequately describe the sheer unadulterated joy of watching David Lean's 1962 classic on the silver screen.
GOOD Still astonishes.
GOOD Deathless, and looking as good as new.
GOOD You'll need to dedicate half a day to it - but this deserves to be seen again on the big screen.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD Lean's great Lawrence Of Arabia biopic honours him with a complex, sympathetic but a compelling portrayal.
GOOD Van Dyke's energy is prodigious (especially when he leaps around with a gang of sooty chimney-sweeps on the London rooftops) and the songs are classics.
GOOD Van Dyke (exaggerated Cockney accent and all) and Andrews have great chemistry together, but it's really her interaction with the children and the magic of the story and the visual effects that charm audiences.
GOOD One of the great movie musicals and of that rare breed of deathless family entertainment that's guaranteed to transfix children, well beyond this, its fiftieth anniversary. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Whether the movie's message is Travers-approved or not, the emphasis on joy and empathy proves heartening, even today.
FAIR The entire set was constructed indoors and it shows: the "outdoor" scenes are bathed in a dull gray light
GOOD World's coolest nanny celebrates family and fun.
GOOD One of the best films ever produced by Disney, indeed one of the best American films of the 1960s... a fantasy of the most delicate touch and charming disposition.
FAIR With all the subtlety of Battleship Potemkin, a queue full of sour-faced old school nannies is shown blowing away into thin air to make way for the embodiment of modern female assertiveness.
GOOD Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.
GOOD One of the greatest children's films ever.
GOOD One of Disney's greats.
GOOD Practically perfect in every way.
FAIR Classic Disney at his most lavish.
GOOD At her most startlingly beautiful here, Julie Andrews does not play the chipper, loving nanny people might expect or remember. She carefully layers a distantly dangerous and even spooky side to her character.
GOOD Mary Poppins is definitely worth popping for. (40th Anniversary Edition)
GOOD The message is clear: Everyone should take care of their jobs and responsibilities, but have fun as well.
GOOD Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.
GOOD Sophisticated yet wide open to its audience, with exciting dance sequences and inviting performances.
GOOD A lot of fun -- for kids and adults, alike.
FAIR Mixed bag of great sequences and cutesy overkill.
GOOD There are few things in this world as sublime as watching Dick Van Dyke dance with penguins.
FAIR A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.
GOOD Classic Disney musical
GOOD Effortlessly charming. It's a true family classic.
GOOD Disney had done a magnificent job of adapting the PL Travers character to the screen, using cinematic effects to the full in creating an enchanting story.
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
FAIR Jean Harlow shines in her penultimate film.
GOOD Kubrick's spaceships are perhaps little more than Airfix models, but he makes them majestic, even awesome in the proper sense of the word.
GOOD It's an overpowering experience, awe-inspiringly photographed by Geoffrey Unsworth, groundbreakingly enhanced by Douglas Trumbull.
GOOD Top marks for craftsmanship is an understatement.
GOOD Kubrick leaves usual considerations behind with his readiness to imagine a post-human future.
FAIR Notoriously baffling yet oddly compelling...
GOOD Extraordinary filmmaking, creating intellectual arguments mostly through image and music.
GOOD It's a must-see if you never have, even though its visual impact is seriously hampered by the small screen.
GOOD With the release of Stanley Kubrick's enigmatic space spectacle in 1968, the science-fiction film finally came of age.
GOOD 2001 lingers on the mind like a tall, black riddle: Where are the new bones, the new tools, that will take us higher? Do we even deserve them?
GOOD ...reaches for the stars and finds itself, against all odds, on the other side of them.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is one of the greatest films of all time and it is the director's most profound and confounding exploration of humanity's relationship to technology, violence, sexuality and social structures.
GOOD Perhaps the beauty of 2001 is appreciating that some of the best stories are the ones that are half-told.
GOOD Kubrick's sci-fi masterpiece is still relevant.
GOOD Kubrick set out to make "the proverbial good science-fiction film," but he came out the other side with something far more ornery and profound.
GOOD Central to the profundity of the film is the notion that few things are more meaningful than a child's first steps, the emotive impact of this scenario manifest in every one of the film's dizzying set pieces, albeit multiplied to epic proportions.
GOOD 2001 certainly is a colossal bore, unless you're on its wavelength, in which case it's one of the greatest films of all time.
GOOD Still one of the best
GOOD Part space opera, part cinematic symphony and part horror story, the film is a shape-shifting painting.
GOOD 2001 alters the relationship between sound and the image, expands the technical possibilities of the medium and exists, in simple terms, as an example of cinema in its purest yet most optimistic and limitless terms.
GOOD A beautiful, confounding picture that had half the audience cheering and the other half snoring.
GOOD Those who love it as passionately as I do realize this film is about more than dialogue, plot, or space ships. Its uniqueness permits it to transcend the ordinary, becoming a movie not about one human but the entire human species.
GOOD If I were pressed to come up with the best film from my favorite director, it could well be this one.
GOOD One of the most mysterious, talked about, and intellectually stimulating films of all time.
GOOD It is an extraordinary, obsessive, beautiful work of art.
GOOD If you can surrender to it, Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is a mind-shaper.
GOOD It expresses the hope that we'll soon be done with being idiotic ape creatures and can look forward to superior incarnations.
GOOD Works best if viewed as a symphony.
GOOD If you ask me, Kubrick's effects in 2001: A Space Odyssey, which were made by human hands, are still unsurpassed.
GOOD Kelly's delight - not in his own movements, but in the sheer joy of being able to move - is contagious.
GOOD It's tough to fight the consensus that this is the greatest movie musical of all time (although, to be honest, I would place it second, just a hair below Top Hat), but what's often lost in the praise is that this also qualifies as a great comedy.
GOOD Often considered the finest musical of all time.
GOOD For humour and sheer energy, no musical betters Singin' In The Rain.
GOOD The greatest musical ever!! A movie everyone should see over and over again. If it doesn't touch you, check your pulse.
GOOD A big beautiful film! You can watch it 1000 times and still giggle!
FAIR False picture of early talkie era is not nearly as good as its reputation.
GOOD Hollywood's best musical
GOOD Compounded generously of music, dance, color, spectacle and a riotous abundance of Gene Kelly, Jean Hagen and Donald O'Connor on the screen, all elements in this rainbow program are carefuly contrived and guaranteed to...put you in a buttercup mood.
GOOD Watching Singin' in the Rain is an exuberant, magical experience -- a journey deep into the heart of feel-good territory.
GOOD A rare musical whose story -- scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green -- is just as good as the songs.
GOOD It is an improbable masterpiece; a film where everything just has that indistinguishable quality of fitting together.
GOOD Sure, we respect An American in Paris. But we truly love Singin' in the Rain.
GOOD The restored version of the 1952 classic musical will have you dancing in your seat, whistling along, and wishing for rain.
GOOD The best example of Hollywood's golden age of musicals, it is being released on an eye-popping new DVD that literally explodes with color.
GOOD ..light, frothy, and charming, a complete delight from beginning to end.
GOOD Alternately funny and hilarious
GOOD There is no way anyone anywhere won't love Singin' in the Rain!
GOOD Asked to name the top ten moments in the history of movies, most people would include the title number from this movie, in which Gene Kelly splashes and sings in the rain with what Roger Ebert called 'saturated ecstasy.'
GOOD There is a wonderful cynicism throughout Singin' in the Rain, with everybody either kidding themselves or pretending to be something they are not.
GOOD One of the highpoints of hoofin' history but, more importantly, an unadulterated joy.
GOOD If I were only allowed to own one musical -- and I love Hollywood musicals -- this would be it.
GOOD Very likely the greatest musical MGM or anyone else ever produced.
GOOD There is no movie musical more fun than Singin' in the Rain, and few that remain as fresh over the years.
GOOD Singin' in the Rain isn't just one of the classics of Old Hollywood. It is also one very fine example of a genre that is almost banished from the big studios of today -- musicals.
GOOD Thrillingly energetic dances on film.
FAIR ...a big, brawling, rollicking movie that, old-fashioned or not, helped to open up the movie musical to widescreen singing and dancing.
GOOD one of the greatest musicals, if not movies, of all time
GOOD A magical blend of the right story, a great score, and the astonishing choreography of Michael Kidd.
GOOD Although the powers at M-G-M are deviating from the normal song-and-dance extravaganza in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, it is a gamble that is paying rich rewards.
BAD Can anyone explain the appeal of this to me?
GOOD Accompanying the exhilarating dancing is a fine set of songs, sung with panache, that are memorable for days afterwards.
GOOD ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
GOOD While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
FAIR ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
GOOD Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
GOOD Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
GOOD It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
GOOD Un clasico
GOOD Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
GOOD This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
GOOD ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
GOOD Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
GOOD One of Chaplin's best.
GOOD Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
GOOD O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
GOOD Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
GOOD It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
FAIR Much like her character holds together her family, Harris's warm and robust performance holds together Sunshine.
GOOD Sunshine has done the impossible by reinventing the concept of "high stakes," it's a marvelous treat...gripping and beautiful, twining the music of the spheres with the reptilian brain inside us all.
FAIR Danny Boyle's sci-fi thriller is enjoyable, well acted and packed with references throughout although it abandons its fascinating premise for a disappointingly conventional finale.
GOOD Sunshine is the definitive Jewish Experience movie. Beautifully told with heartbreaking eloquence, it is mandatory viewing if one intends to understand what it means to be a Jew living in the world.
BAD Sunshine never gets more than an inch below the surface of the characters. Szabo keeps his stories smushed into compact little episodes, each designed to do little more than move everything forward.
FAIR Something of a Forest Gump for the artsy crowd.
BAD Not a worthless film, although it's impossible to take seriously.
GOOD Gritty revenge western with McQueen in top form.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Nevada Smith is that it goes in, does what it needs to do, and gets out before it's too late.
BAD Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
BAD quick review in Greek
FAIR Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic. But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
FAIR ...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
FAIR There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven isn't quite the next Gladiator with a fair share of boring moments, but it tries hard
FAIR Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy. Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
FAIR dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
BAD Where have all the world conquerors gone?
BAD So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
FAIR "Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd been praying for from Ridley Scott.
FAIR ... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
FAIR ... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
FAIR a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
BAD Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
BAD The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not much more than a dishonest, spectacular bore.
FAIR When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
FAIR Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not memorable, oversized entertainment.
FAIR It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not up to the task at hand.
BAD It feels spectacularly empty.
FAIR Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not necessarily the right hero to do it justice.
BAD All lecture and no humanity.
BAD ...may be the first hippie war film.
BAD Bloom's listless performance dooms the film. Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
BAD Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
FAIR From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
FAIR Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
FAIR A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
FAIR With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
BAD A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster. At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
FAIR If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
FAIR This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
GOOD Suffice it to say, it's a masterpiece... and an epic one at that.
GOOD It is a stirring drama of World War II, in which Spiegel has had the excellent help of British director David Lean, in charge of the action, and of a fine company of international players.
GOOD Few Second World War films are as enduring as this multi-Oscar-winning examination of the stiff upper lip from director David Lean.
GOOD It's certainly weathered well thanks to its novel and ingenious approach to presenting multiple perspective of the Second World War.
GOOD Epic of WWII honor and sacrifice gone haywire.
GOOD From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.
GOOD The Bridge on the River Kwai is David Lean's last film not to succumb to bloat.
GOOD An epic movie which is large in scope and personnel, The Bridge on the River Kwai speaks of the code of honour amongst men during war, the respect shared by enemies of war, and the madness which war evokes.
GOOD A towering work.
GOOD Guinness, Lean and British war cinema have never been better.
GOOD One of THE great action sagas, and at the top of David Lean's form.
GOOD Alec Guinness' outstanding performance is one of the many things that work in David Lean's intriguing epic.
GOOD Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.
GOOD Epic wartime storytelling at its most vibrant and satisfying.
GOOD One of the best war movies, mixed with one of the best action movies, mixed with one of Alex Guinness' best performances mixed with a killer score? One of the greats.
GOOD Did Lean ever make a bad film?
GOOD A spellbinding character study wrapped in a great adventure story.
GOOD This intelligent and exciting WWII tale, masterfully helmed by Lean (at the start of his 'epic' period), features a splendid performance from Guinness.
GOOD In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.
FAIR One of the most rousing and inspiring war films, this is also a psychological battle of wills. The intensity between Hayakawa and Guinness is captivating.
GOOD World War II classic receives brilliant presentation and provides fascinating perspective on DVD.
GOOD Guinness is wonderful; one of the all-time greats. You can watch it a hundred times and it stills holds the same fascination and impact as the first viewing.
GOOD Lean achieves a fine balance of creating complex characters from a fine cast, while keeping the pace up throughout this long movie.
GOOD A tense, terrifying, absolutely riveting film about the ironies of war and the deadly psychological games enemy soldiers play with each other.
GOOD Most war movies are either for or against their wars. The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) is one of the few that focuses not on larger rights and wrongs but on individuals.
GOOD The film has great themes ... fascinating characters expertly acted, a compelling plot and brilliant direction by one of the masters of the epic, David Lean.
GOOD ...stirring drama in a timeless setting.
GOOD One of the best anti-war films ever made.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie. Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
GOOD As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
GOOD Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
GOOD Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
GOOD Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
GOOD Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
GOOD It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
GOOD Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
GOOD Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
GOOD Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
FAIR Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
BAD I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
GOOD ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
GOOD All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
GOOD Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
GOOD The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
GOOD Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
GOOD They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
GOOD It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
GOOD Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
GOOD The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
GOOD Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
GOOD Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
BAD Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
GOOD Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
GOOD Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
GOOD Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
GOOD Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
GOOD To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
GOOD You'll be horrified at how this hokum manipulates you, but the best strategy is to just surrender and enjoy it.
GOOD A consummate display of populist weepie-making.
BAD This modernized remake of Miss Hurst's frankly lachrymose tale is much the same as its soggy predecessor. It is the most shameless tear-jerker in a couple of years.
FAIR Glossy soaper ahead of its racially themed time.
GOOD Sirk immediately and deliberately acknowledges the film's metaphoric, almost pathological obsession with surfaces.
GOOD The ultimate Sirk film, the contradictions breaking the back of the melodrama genre for all time and Sirk gobbling up and spitting out his Hollywood career like a badger devouring its young.
BAD Trashy remake of John M. Stahl's 1934 classic
GOOD Sirk's subversive use of the excesses of melodrama have established him as one of the most significant directors to have worked in Hollywood, even if he was not recognised as such at the time.
GOOD there is no Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies. Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how many years one is removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth gone wild remains burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
FAIR ...a tenuously engaging thriller that could've used a few more passes through the editing bay...
GOOD The iconic actors give memorable performances, the story is perfectly pitched and fiercely clever and under the astounding directorial eye of Alfred Hitchcock - American Cinematic God - it's nearly flawless.
GOOD It has all the classic elements of a Hitchcock film - well timed suspense, an overall mystery, a compelling cast and some brilliantly conceived scenes.
GOOD Witty Hitchcock thriller. Not for little ones.
GOOD The picture is hugely pleased with itself, but it's too funny and expertly calibrated to mind in the least.
GOOD Hitchcock breezes through a tongue-in-cheek, nightmarish plot with a lightness of touch that's equalled by a charming performance from Grant.
GOOD North by Northwest, Alfred Hitchcock's very own adrenalin-fuelled action blockbuster.
GOOD The romcom suspense caper is a cinematic recipe that Alfred Hitchcock took with him to his grave; certainly I can't imagine anyone now succeeding in blending thrills, spills, caresses and laughs the way he did in this sublime classic from 1959.
GOOD Hitchcock succeeded in wanting to give popcorn munchers a movie to smile at. And he was never this playful again.
GOOD North By Northwest is the quintessential Hitchcock thriller and one of the most exciting movies of all time. So there.
GOOD Welcome and much needed proof that great action movies don't have to be meaningless and moronic.
GOOD Cary Grant's suave adman Roger O Thornhill finds himself in mortal peril as the innocent man-on-the-run, yet the tone throughout is buoyantly, almost insolently, comic.
GOOD See it again and you'll come away marvelling.
GOOD Not Hitchcock's most profound work, but a tightly conceived, expertly executed thriller from the master of suspense.
GOOD Certifiable classic territory, Hitchcock's glossiest entertainment is the closest the trickster ever came to an action movie.
GOOD The great suspense director was at his most entertaining, creating a helter skelter action film where the hero is propelled from one breathless situation to the next.
GOOD More than a clearing house for Hitchcock's auteur tendencies.
GOOD Thrilling, funny, and romantic; it elevates popcorn adventure to art...defines the ideal use of star power....[and] marries deadly intrigue to out-and-out delight. [Blu-ray]
GOOD ... one of those great movies that cannot withstand the barest amount of scrutiny - it is the sort of movie movie that can exist only because we are willing to collaborate with its directors and stars. Fifty years on, it keeps on ticking.
GOOD Hitchcock's direction is a little flabby, but for sheer enjoyment, there's no better primer on the master's methods.
GOOD A diverting adventure, but in truth, a little precious... Not my favorite of Hitch's later films.
GOOD Pure genius.
GOOD All time classic. Great chase movie, great set pieces, only the effects show the film's age.
GOOD ... a colorful and exciting route for spies, counterspies and lovers.
GOOD Fantastic Hitchcock Thriller with the always charismatic Cary Grant.
GOOD Big, glossy, Hitchcock entertainment.
GOOD The template for every action movie made in the last forty years.
FAIR Highly entertaining.
GOOD Expertly paced and filmed in vibrant colors, Hitchcock delivers wit, glamour and sophistication.
GOOD Though atypical of Hitchcock, this classic contains all the style, wit, and subdued sexuality, trademarks of cinema's best years.
GOOD A thriller so improbable that it becomes quite brilliant in evading even the most fantastic of audience guesses.
GOOD represents Hitchcock at the height of his cinematic talents
GOOD This isn't one of Hitchcock's deeper films, but it's certainly one of his most entertaining.
GOOD North By Northwest is still a classic, coming as it does during Hitchcock's most creative period, but it lacks that extra little taste to make it truly great.
GOOD Viewer friendly, refreshingly undated, and worth as many repeat viewings as one can stomach.
GOOD ...quintessential...Hitchcock at his most playful, Cary Grant at his most debonair.
GOOD A rootin' tootin' good time.
GOOD Colorful, tuneful, brassy musical version of Berlin's hit Broadway show.
FAIR Stiff adaptation buoyed by brilliant Berlin score
FAIR ...it gets an enlivening, high-octane delivery, thanks to Hutton and director George Sidney.
FAIR ...because the characters are so likable and their plan for breaking into the safe is genuinely interesting, it's easy enough to overlook the few dull spots.
GOOD a non-too-subtle satire on ... the crime genre, with especially good pokes at Jules Dassin's heist masterpiece Rififi
GOOD Bizarre, underrated black comedy deserving rediscovery
GOOD One of the best comedies MGM made in the 1950s.
GOOD First rate Hollywood comedy, with good support from its stars and Elizabeth Taylor at her loveliest.
GOOD A honey of a picture of American family life.
FAIR Middle-brow comedy that makes you wonder about Minnelli's reputation.
FAIR An endless array of laughs and goosebump fodder
GOOD Spencer Tracy's comic talent carries the more dated aspects of this sweet domestic tale.
BAD Apesar das boas atuacoes de Rooney e Gleason, o filme apela demais para o melodrama e acaba soando de maneira excessivamente artificial - e a caricatural performance de Quinn nao colabora muito para evitar isso.
GOOD An all-time classic with Quinn giving one of the finest portrayals of his career. Gleason and Mickey Rooney are great in support.
GOOD An atypical Hitchcock film which depends on the element of surprise rather than his usual building of suspense.
GOOD The Master Hitchcock directs an early masterpiece.
GOOD Early Hitchcock talkie still holds the interest
GOOD Essential viewing for the noir fan and the kind of movie that could make a neutral third party into a noir fan in the first place.
GOOD Out Of The Past is undeniably a film noir, and rightly regarded as one of the genre's best.
GOOD 'Maybe we thought the world would end,' Mitchum muses, during a short-lived spell of happiness in Mexico. 'Maybe we thought it was a dream.' A dream? In his trench coat and fedora, he's clearly not a man destined to die quietly in his bed.
GOOD Few films noir were better than this.
GOOD Out of the Past should be considered a prototypical example of how to do noir the right way--shadowy corners, double crossings aplenty, a luscious femme fatale, and, of course, murders.
GOOD An irresistible blend of postwar fatalism, hard-boiled dialogue, dangerous sex and luscious black-and-whites ... the slouching, sleepy-eyed Mitchum is arguably the consummate noir hero.
GOOD One of the greatest of all film noirs.
GOOD Mitchum's sad-eyed countenance is perfect for the world-weary, dead-eyed defeatist he plays.
GOOD Jacques Tourneur directed one of the all-time greatest film noirs with Out of the Past, which also gave Robert Mitchum one of his two greatest roles.
FAIR A little too brooding and stylish for its own good, if you ask me.
GOOD Film noir at its darkest
GOOD Top-notch noir
GOOD Cinematic perfection, a Hollywood classic that's as great and as enjoyable as its reputation has promised.
GOOD This quintessential film noir catapulted contract player Robert Mitchum into superstardom and set the standard for the genre for years to come.
GOOD One very off-the-wall movie that never for a moment bothers to make a great deal of sense.
FAIR It might never be remembered as a great film - or even as a great Schwarzenegger film - but it's a great slice of nostalgia.
FAIR ...a plodding, downright generic buddy-cop thriller that's simply unable to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
GOOD Hill's muscular, energetic direction makes what might have been just another buddy-cop thriller into an electrifying piece of escapism. One of Arnold's most underrated flicks.
BAD This thing was a dud in the 80s. That's saying something.
FAIR Walter Hill's direction's real cool, and the photography is beautiful. The film is also pretty funny. The leads are great.
FAIR Hill's confidence keeps the formulaic buddy-cop cliches entertaining.
FAIR If you still pine for the 80s where East vs West dominated action films, then this is an essential part of your education.
FAIR "Red Heat" is not the first movie about a couple of very different cops, and it will not be the last, but as the formula goes this is a superior example.
GOOD The most brilliant of all Soviet silent films.
GOOD The director displays a vivid imagination and an artistic appreciation of motion picture values.
GOOD Eisenstein's film still has a hypnotic urgency.
GOOD Don't be put off by its highbrow reputation, this is essential cinema.
GOOD Who needs Avatar in 3D when you can have this?
GOOD Nearly 90 years on, Eisenstein's masterpiece is still guaranteed to get the pulse racing.
GOOD It is a knockout.
GOOD For a piece of propaganda, this has a lot more artfulness than you'll recall, replete with quiet moments of public mourning and a stirring flag-hoisting (dyed red on the new print, too).
GOOD Sergei Eisenstein's masterpiece is a persistently political work salvaged by its unforgettable grasp of motion.
GOOD Eisenstein proved himself to be the first of what would become a familiar filmmaking type: the entertainer/sadist.
GOOD Startlingly beautiful.
FAIR comes from a time where films communicated primarily through images, even if its themes fade into historical irrelevance.
GOOD As agitprop, Potemkin is a masterpiece. As art, it leaves something to be desired.
GOOD Nowadays, the film's technical achievements take center stage; its astonishing 'montage' editing techniques (which Eisenstein wrote about at length) still get the blood pumping.
GOOD Theories of montage and Eisenstein's developments to the language of cinema to one side, Potemkin is first and foremost a powerfully visceral film. Its very lack of subtlety works in its favor. The film is not a meditation, it's a shout.
GOOD Other than Citizen Kane, this film probably has the largest amount written about it. It is rightly considered a masterpiece.
GOOD If you only ever see one silent, this is the one it should be.
GOOD If you are at all interested in the history of cinema, or the influence of 20th century politics on the medium, then this film is a must-see, although over an hour of Soviet propaganda is likely to test the patience of modern viewers.
BAD With far too many drawn-out chats lacking in any wit or humor, Room Service is close to a total Marx Brothers dud.
FAIR Lower-key than most Marx comedies, but still fun
GOOD Some classic Marx bits make this a must-see.
FAIR This oft-dismissed exception in the Marx Brothers canon includes no musical numbers and only a few bits specifically tailored to the brothers...underrated.
BAD A fabulously messy tissue rejection.
BAD Groucho, Chico and Harpo jump the shark.
FAIR Not a Marx Bros. movie, but a movie with the Marxes. There is a difference.
GOOD A pleasant, somewhat underrated chase movie.
FAIR Beatty and Hawn carry this fun little heist/comedy picture for the first hour, but then the whole affair gets a little tiring.
FAIR Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn are weirdly interesting together.
GOOD Robert Flaherty's craftsmanship shows in one of his best Hollywood features.
FAIR Although it has not aged well, there is still a great deal of merit to the story, the style and the stars, and any young person cannot fail to love it.
FAIR The film moves leisurely, but with rare charm and visual interest.
FAIR A straight-up romance that does a nice job of capturing the period, though the three lives of the main female characters stand out as obvious "types."
BAD The movie plods along at a lethargic pace, with occasional flashes of energy in the performances the only things keeping it afloat.
FAIR Director Ben Sombogaart doles out surprise revelations steeped in irony with a multi-layered approach. The movie is sad, hopeful and uplifting. Strengths include the gorgeous cinematography, meticulous art direction capturing the look of the...
FAIR This very pretty melodrama is a rather ordinary entry.
FAIR The events in the plot are the stuff of soap opera, but the movie treats it seriously, and the acting is convincing enough that we forgive the story and begin to care about the characters.
FAIR Lovely scenery and historical context elevate the sentimental story lines above the soap opera domain.
FAIR A tearjerking romance that belongs to another era, when female moviegoers wanted to be transported, not grounded in grim realities.
FAIR For anyone who shrugs at today's movies and thinks "they don't make 'em like they used to," here's a classy, good-looking chick flick in the old-school tradition.
BAD I find it hard to believe there will be a worse movie performance this year than the one Elise Schaap inflicts on us in the Dutch "Bride Flight."
BAD "Bride Flight'' is the sort of old-fashioned women's picture they stopped making around the time Christina Crawford had to put away the wire hangers.
FAIR One should never discount the appeal of pretty people in pretty places.
FAIR It does everything but hand viewers a glass of white wine, light candles and draw them a bath.
FAIR A nostalgic glimpse into tangled destinies.
BAD A hackneyed, overlong soap opera with decent performances, a seemingly interesting premise and beautiful scenery, but neither of those can compensate for its contrived, unmoving and often pedestrian screenplay.
FAIR [M]odern version of Westward the Women . . .offers American moviegoers an entertaining, yet classy, [romantic] vacation trip through time and place.
GOOD What's truly moving here are the characters, who all feel real enough to make you want to shout an occasional warning, like a fan in a horror movie. Except this time it's not "Don't go in the basement!" but "Don't marry him!"
FAIR Sombogaart approaches his soapy subject with just enough restraint. As a result, you can convince yourself it's a highbrow arthouse film even as you're swooning and sniffling over so many tangled love stories.
FAIR The kind of lush, epic romantic weepie that Hollywood used to deliver on a regular basis for packed matinees at Radio City Music Hall.
FAIR The weepy story at the heart of "Bride Flight" is trumped by its sumptuous depiction of New Zealand in the 1950s and '60s. This lushness has the effect of a powerful fabric softener added to the wash.
GOOD Bride Flight gives a panoramic sweep of lives as they're lived, as there is a lot of beauty in it.
GOOD A fluid and well-acted Dutch film about the adventures of three women and their quest for happiness in the exotic new world of New Zealand.
FAIR Bride Flight is the most lavishly entertaining Dutch film since Paul Verhoeven's fabulous The Black Book.
FAIR A sometimes silly but enjoyable experience.
BAD While each of the three women are given their particular dilemmas, none are sufficiently fleshed out beyond the demands of the story's limited situations.
GOOD Fabulously cast and wickedly witty.
FAIR The CinemaScope process was well used here, with panoramic shots of Manhattan accompanied by Newman's entire orchestra performing his composition Street Scene in prolog and epilog shots.
GOOD Classic Hollywood legends sparkle; premise doesn't hold up.
BAD Despite some good work from Bacall and Monroe, this comedy ends up feeling flat. How many people want to watch a movie with a bunch of selfish women who want to find a rich husband so they don't ever have to work again? Yeah, I didn't think so.
FAIR a comedy about several models trying to land rich husbands, gets by on the talents of the stars,
GOOD Glossy, early widescreen all-star Fox comedy headlining Monroe, Grable, Bacall.
FAIR Nao envelheceu muito bem, mas continua relativamente divertido.
GOOD [A] delightful little comedy.
FAIR Old-time gladiator epic, and all the sweatiness that implies.
FAIR ...a solid little Western that's worth a look if only for its refreshingly cynical sensibilities.
GOOD O senso de humor do filme desarma de maneira brilhante o espectador, pegando-o completamente de surpresa com o cinismo de seu terceiro ato.
BAD Fans of Taylor may like this, but they would have to be a group with amazingly low standards.
GOOD Hilariously ghastly camp that rivals the likes of Valley of the Dolls or Mommie Dearest with its wild, no-holds-barred over-the-top lunacy.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph. More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some happy, kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an entire world is plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not only attempted the most ambitious film project in modern cinema history, he's pulled it off with a breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier. (Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here. The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail. The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults. It will be remembered because it places story above all else. And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
GOOD A movie in which every single moment is exactly right.
GOOD It's the brilliant imagery and ground-breaking techniques that make it such a timeless achievement.
GOOD Rich, strange and gorgeous, F.W. Murnau's Sunrise shows what an artist of the late silent era could accomplish cinematically, backed by an open checkbook and fueled by the highest aspirations even in the simplest of morality tales.
GOOD Cinema at its most exhilarating.
GOOD This is pure cinema: emotionally uplifting, utterly absorbing, sublimely refreshing.
FAIR gives the modern viewer a way to look back at the history of cinema
GOOD Murnau deftly balances the changes in tone, going from a deep foreboding to complete bliss, and using Expressionistic techniques like forced perspective, wonky set design, and long shadows to project a huge range of emotion.
GOOD One of those seminal works without which modern movies wouldn't exist...
GOOD [an] unexpectedly harmonious marriage of German expressionism and Hollywood romanticism.
GOOD One of the finest romantic dramas of all time.
GOOD Moody and melodramatic, a technical treat that grabs hold of the viewer and will not let him go.
GOOD This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism, artifice and realism.
GOOD F.W. Murnau's Sunrise (1928) conquered time and gravity with a freedom that was startling to its first audiences. To see it today is to be astonished by the boldness of its visual experimentation.
GOOD Murnau masterpiece; gorgeously shot and acted.
GOOD It's a love story that's more than just a tale of broken hearts and damp hankies. It's also a landmark in the history of cinema that turns melodrama into high art.
GOOD Alternatingly romantic, joyful, sexy and terrifying
GOOD F.W. Murnau's visual style adds depth and excitement to the drama, and humour.
GOOD Nothing will explain it or the experience of it. It simply has to be seen -- and that is as it should be.
GOOD One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater.
GOOD One of the first psychological thrillers ever made, F.W. Murnau's silent Sunrise is as dark as they come.
GOOD One of the select few films in history that show what the medium is capable of attaining at its highest, most exalted state.
GOOD Sunrise is an incredible achievement, and perhaps the greatest silent drama ever made.
GOOD Sunrise is often rightfully noted for its technical achievements but what is often overlooked is its emotional power.
GOOD Funny and poignant tale of two famous outlaws.
GOOD One of cinema's greatest ever advertisements for pure entertainment...
GOOD Although much of its freshness has faded, this still-amusing film reinvented the Western for a new generation.
BAD Looking at the film with a totally modern set of eyes, completely detached from the hype of Newman and Redford in the late 60s, I didn't find a connection to the movie.
GOOD One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never be another film that comes even close to exuding the same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.
GOOD iconic, American experience, a classic adventure tale, and a singular slice of late-'60s moviemaking that has never really been repeated
GOOD Note-perfect performances, a screenplay steeped in both nostalgia and a timely sense of insight, and anti-heroes you can't help but love: it's no surprise that the always re-watchable Butch And Sundance was once labelled the most likeable film ever made.
GOOD A charismatic, fun and ultimately poignant classic Western.
GOOD Possibly the most likable movie ever filmed.
BAD overrated western box office hit
GOOD Made like Cassidy's memorable fight with a fellow gang member: It gave true, old-fashioned Westerns a swift kick to the groin.
FAIR William Goldman's script is constantly too cute and never gets up the nerve, by God, to admit it's a Western.
GOOD One of the most popular, deservedly, westerns of them all.
GOOD An all-time classic, with Newman as his charming, roguish best and Redford exuding both sex appeal and danger. A whimsical Western that superbly blends actiion, humor and the power of myth making.
GOOD An archetype not yet surpassed.
FAIR This sharply written script is far more cute than I'd expected, but still a lot of fun.
FAIR Funny, sad, classic.
GOOD It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?
GOOD A classic in every sense of the word. Expert moviemaking.
GOOD What can I say? This is the father of all buddy pictures, against which most of them seem forced and derivative.
GOOD Paul Newman-Robert Redford Western is as great as you remember.
FAIR Stylish Hollywood entertainment, albeit unworthy of its near-mythical status.
GOOD It lost the Oscar for best picture that year to Midnight Cowboy, a film that I suspect most people will probably agree hasn't aged nearly as well.
GOOD Although Butch Cassidy wasn't the first movie to pair up a couple of wisecracking best friends in an action/adventure setting, this film became the model of how well that approach could work when done right.
GOOD In George Roy Hill's vision, the raw vitality of Peckinpah is replaced by a gentle amiability.
GOOD This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie. The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.
GOOD Welles's deeply haunting depiction of the life of William Randolph Hearst has long been synonymous with the director's spectacularly odd and genuinely tragic career.
GOOD One of the best films out there, and certainly a high point in early cinema. The love for Citizen Kane is deserved.
GOOD Citizen Kane has been cited as the greatest film ever made from so many different quarters, it's a wonder that a Congressional law hasn't been passed making it required viewing for anyone who claims they like movies.
GOOD Classic should be required for any movie lover.
GOOD Citizen Kane is not only an entertaining film, but it is also a deeply heartfelt, though provoking, and intelligent one as well. Like a fine wine it has aged well over the last 60 odd years.
GOOD To revisit it now is still to marvel at its wit, audacity and sheer entertainment value.
GOOD Many of the novel techniques Welles developed with cinematographer Gregg Toland were calculated to offer new angles on film space.
GOOD With its spirit of visual and narrative innovation, and Welles's precocious, towering central performance, Citizen Kane almost lives up to its own reputation as the best of all time.
GOOD There's no denying that his bravura performance, both in front of the camera and behind it, is spellbindingly effective.
GOOD There can hardly be anything left to say about Citizen Kane, now revived on the big screen, other than to comment on sublime moments.
GOOD A ground-breaking masterpiece. It contains so many examples of cinematic brilliance that it's a shock it won only one Oscar (for the screenplay).
GOOD Truly one of the greatest films ever.
GOOD It would be nice to be able to buck the critical orthodoxy and say how tired and overrated Citizen Kane is; but the dulll truth is, it's still, indisputably, one of the great masterpieces of cinema.
GOOD Citizen Kane is the biggest cinematic landmark since pictures first started moving.
GOOD Look at it from an entertainment standpoint. What you'll find is that it's a very entertaining, sometimes very funny and always extremely playful film.
GOOD The amazing depth of story and richness of composition make Citizen Kane a must-see for anyone who considers themselves a lover of films.
GOOD It remains a gloriously entertaining classic.
GOOD Citizen Kane is no relic. Pop in the DVD and you'll find what you least expect - a really cool flick.
GOOD Citizen Kane is far and away the most surprising and cinematically exciting motion picture to be seen here in many a moon. As a matter of fact, it comes close to being the most sensational film ever made in Hollywood.
GOOD The greatest film of all time now has a DVD to match.
GOOD A film that actually feels more modern than most of what we see nowadays, sixty some years later.
GOOD Duh.
GOOD Yeah, it really IS all that good.
GOOD Charles Foster Kane se torna assustadoramente real a medida em que o filme tenta desvendar sua personalidade.
GOOD A backwards detective story with Kane's lost childhood as an elusive puzzle piece in a lifetime of megalomania.
GOOD Kids who watch this movie can never know how revolutionary it was.
GOOD No scene in Kane ever fails to amaze me, and watching it for perhaps the 15th time on this new DVD, I still felt fulfilled and happy afterward.
GOOD The question has never been whether 'Citizen Kane' is one of the greatest films ever made. The question is whether it is THE greatest.
GOOD A potent metaphor for the betrayal of principles, the souring of the American Dream, and an intelligent mediation on the corrupting nature of power.
GOOD Curtiz's film is a classic for a reason -- it's crafted with the precision, detail and beauty of a Faberge egg; the dialogue is hauntingly memorable and, in Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman, it has one of the most magnetic screen pairings in history.
GOOD Knowing the story doesn't impair one's wonder at the undiminished magic of Casablanca.
GOOD There are some of the very finest character actors that Warner Brothers could muster and a rich, detailed screenplay studded with an indecent number of sparklingly quotable lines. It is a movie to play again, and again.
GOOD Nobody lights a torch like Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa or carries one like Humphrey Bogart's Rick.
GOOD The reason Casablanca endures is that it's a timeless love story wrapped inside a gripping wartime thriller, written with such wit and meaning that it's still quoted (and misquoted) decades later.
GOOD Whether you return to Casablanca for a nostalgia fix, a guilty pleasure or for the waters, you can be certain there'll be something you didn't notice last time out.
GOOD Rick and Ilsa. Laszlo and the letters of transit. Captain Renault and his charming corruptibility. "As Time Goes By." "Here's looking at you, kid." You know the routine. So round up the usual accolades.
GOOD Even hardened cynics who might be impelled to dismiss it as a collection of button-pushing cliches will most likely get swept up in the all the unabashed romance.
GOOD Every kid should see this Bogart classic.
GOOD This is it. The best movie ever made.
GOOD The movie has a peculiar magic to it, and it's in the richness of its details that mostly go unnoticed because of the film's pace.
GOOD It is one of the most timeless of all movies in terms of topic, emotion, acting and motivation.
GOOD Irresistible, big-hearted film-making.
GOOD As time goes by, the appeal of Casablanca shows no sign of diminishing.
GOOD One of those rare films where every shot and every quotable line of dialogue counts, there's not a dead patch in Casablanca.
GOOD It is a true timeless classic and will stay so as long as time goes by.
GOOD Since it screened at the theater in 1943, the story of lovers Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart) and Ilsa Lund (Ingrid Bergman) in Casablanca has made cinematic history.
GOOD One of the best screenplays ever filmed.
GOOD The movie gods kissed the production with a confluence of brilliant writing, photography and acting, with all parties collaborating at their ultimate peak of potential.
FAIR Wars come and go, but that sense of cascading entropy is eternal.
GOOD One of the best movies ever. The romantic pain still holds up, and political intrigue still compels.
GOOD One of the handful of films that lives up to its hype. This movie defines "classic."
FAIR Sorry, I just don't get it. But most people seem to, so fair play to it.
GOOD Timeless. Just flat out perfect and timeless.
GOOD Every bit the classic.
GOOD To many, this is the best love story ever, if not the greatest film of all times.
GOOD It's one of the three I'd take to a desert island with me to watch over and over again. The romance between all three of the main characters jumps out at the screen.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role. Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it. He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase. The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen. He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie. Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
GOOD Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
GOOD Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
GOOD In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
GOOD As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
GOOD a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
GOOD ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
GOOD hitchcock perfection
GOOD Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
GOOD Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
GOOD What a great movie.
GOOD A stellar film.
GOOD ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
GOOD ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
GOOD Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
GOOD One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
GOOD Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
GOOD Interesting and fun from the start.
GOOD Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
GOOD In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
GOOD What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD Masterpiece!
GOOD A cinematic treasure!
GOOD One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
GOOD The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not provide anything more than gaudy panoramas of a tropical palace to fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
FAIR More a daffy comedy than a true newspaper movie.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
FAIR Best enjoyed as a sample of the state of the art circa 1925, not as a timeless masterpiece.
FAIR Yes, you'll also find the chariot race in here, and you may even find it as exciting or more exciting than the one Heston enacted.
FAIR Hokey by today's standards, but one of the greatest silent film spectacles.
GOOD Has merits not found in William Wyler's Oscar-laden 1959 remake.
FAIR Another strong, if lesser-known, depiction of the ruthless, cutthroat newspaper industry.
GOOD The Citizen Kane of B-movies, an absolute masterpiece born fully-formed from one very singular mind.
GOOD While the script and the performances are simply dazzling, it is notable, too, for the screen debuts of Timothy Dalton and a combustible Anthony Hopkins.
GOOD O'Toole holds his own with the magnificent Hepburn in a witty, literate, and inventive script.
GOOD It's stagey and mannered, but it still feels sleek and modern.
GOOD Peter O'TOole and Katharine Hepburn are superb as the bickering, yet loving Henry II and his meddling wife Eleanor of Aquitaine.
GOOD One of the joys which movies provide too rarely is the opportunity to see a literate script handled intelligently. The Lion in Winter triumphs at that difficult task...
GOOD You'll either love or reject the idea of history as sitcom; either way, the lead performances are hard to deny.
BAD Boring and overrated. Good acting.
GOOD Theatrical and talky, but it's good talk by great performers.
GOOD The cast is truly in top form. Hepburn and O'Toole play off of each other beautifully.
GOOD Less historical spectacle than vicious farce, this boasts a great cast spitting venomous dialogue and a young Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as gay lovers destined to rule England and France.
GOOD The movie is clearly not interested in sugarcoating or sentimentalizing WWII, even though Clement has every opportunity to do so.
GOOD Perhaps not until Ponette in 1996 had another movie looked so closely at how death might be absorbed through the eyes of a small child.
GOOD It's difficult to fault a film that scrutinizes the veracity of childhood with such clarity.
GOOD powerful filmmaking in more ways than one, a story of innocence lost that you won't soon forget
GOOD Strange, compelling offbeat drama about a war orphan with a morbid fixation.
GOOD An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career.
GOOD The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth. Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal.
GOOD Milland's sinister sophistication catches the eye, but Kelly's subtly shaded suffering is superb.
FAIR Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice, a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife. Still, Grace Kelly is mis-cast (or misdirected) as the spouse in question.
GOOD The depth of focus, framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable "perfect crime" nail-biter.
GOOD The set-up is ingenious and the "kill" scene genuinely thrilling.
GOOD Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose.
FAIR Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique.
FAIR Despite Hitchcock's own reservations this is definitely worth a look. Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns.
GOOD A tightly wound psychological parlour game, expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots.
GOOD Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock, yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it.
FAIR Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock's razor-sharp direction.
FAIR ...a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock...
FAIR In Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder, even the innocent have poker faces.
GOOD Lower case Hitch, but diverting and sleek.
FAIR While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life.
GOOD Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical, psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits. But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic
FAIR Not first-class Hitchcock, but not bad, either
FAIR This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock's standards.
FAIR A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller.
GOOD A rare and exciting experience.
GOOD [Hitchcock] tried once before, in Rope, to build up a whole continuous drama in one set. He wasn't as successful in that venture. Dial M has all the space it needs.
GOOD Even now, it's distinctly unnerving.
GOOD groundbreaking and ahead of its time
GOOD The shower sequence, the shrieking score, Anthony Perkins, that twist ending... Psycho remains a stone-cold classic.
GOOD It's not hardly Hitchcock at his most flawless, but not a single film he ever made... is so absolutely flattening as a total experience.
GOOD Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho set the standard and post-modern horror has been hobbling to catch up ever since.
GOOD Horror masterpiece definitely isn't for young kids.
GOOD ...lives up to its reputation as one of the most entertaining and suspenseful horror films of all time...
GOOD Hitchcock's manipulative classic of "pure cinema" does have a heart that pumps human blood, in its sublime parlor scene between Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh.
GOOD The best that can be said is there are bats in the belfry and a well-preserved corpse in the basement. What else can one do but scream?
GOOD Masterful suspense and horror from one of the greats.
GOOD It's a darkly amusing, manipulative film that's still compelling in its vision of human desperation.
GOOD Always worth another look, especially on the big screen.
GOOD Look into Janet Leigh's eye after the shower scene and be amazed how fresh this black-and-white ghoulish chic seems in the saccharine surroundings of modern cinema.
GOOD It blazed a bloody trail for the much-loved slasher cycle, but it also assured us that a B-movie could be A-grade in quality and innovation.
GOOD I'd wager there aren't any films that have been more analyzed than Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.
GOOD The music, the setting, the shower scene, the mother in the cellar... everything about this iconic film has passed into cinema history.
GOOD You can bet that everyone who's ever seen it immediately feels their heart start to pound when they're in the shower and hear someone enter the bathroom.
GOOD One of the Greek Gods of the horror genre
GOOD The prolific, adventurous Hitchcock, who never tired of experimenting with his camera and tone, is at his best in Psycho.
GOOD Certainly Hitchcock's most popular, and with good reason.
GOOD one of the greatest
GOOD One of the greatest horror films ever made.
GOOD Classic Hitchcock built on two key scenes and one brilliant performance.
GOOD With his toothpick build and childish voice, Bates appears to be little more than a shy coward, making the revelation of his psychotic nature shocking.
GOOD A classic. You kinda wish the final reveal were a bit more subtle, but it always works.
GOOD It's marvelous. Pioneered so many bits of the genre that it's lost without the proper context.
GOOD The original slasher movie.
GOOD ...more than the great granddaddy of all slasher films; it is a great thriller, a great black comedy, and a lesson in filmmaking.
GOOD I understand that the gods of film will rain fire down upon my head when I say this, but I didn't think Psycho was as good as it was supposed to be.
GOOD Gripping and irrevocably gruesome fare played to perfection by a top notch cast.
FAIR As much as I admire the work of both Polanski and Nicholson, I found Chinatown tedious from beginning to just before the end.
GOOD Polanski's telling of his tale of corruption in LA is masterly - thrilling, humorous and disturbing at the same time - and brilliantly played by John Huston and Faye Dunaway as well as Nicholson.
GOOD See this film as many times as you can. Please.
GOOD Unmissable.
GOOD Trust Polanski to make disillusionment seductive - rather more luxuriantly so than Billy Wilder ever managed.
GOOD Unforgettable.
GOOD A neo-noir classic.
GOOD one of the great masterworks of '70s American cinema and an apex of the decade's obsession with genre revisionism
GOOD Intrigue and suspense are the order of the day, and nothing is as it appears. Inscrutable, to be sure, and a wonderfully entertaining motion picture.
GOOD Great hardboiled detective film. Not for kids.
GOOD Jack Nicholson gives one of his best performances as Jake Gittes, possessing an old school charm that none of his peers can match.
GOOD A landmark blend of acting, directing, structure and design. Chinatown is the greatest detective movie ever made.
GOOD The greatest film of 1970s cinema's golden era (that wasn't made by Martin Scorsese).
GOOD This is a never-bettered noir masterpiece.
GOOD Is Chinatown the best private eye film ever? It may well be. Nearing its thirty-fifth anniversary, it deserves a reconsideration and a celebration.
GOOD Beyond all the "masterpiece" rhetoric, this is actually a great movie.
GOOD The exhaustive, labyrinthine narrative is built up like a fortress around this film's bitter heart.
GOOD A film that truly defines the term classic.
GOOD The hard-boiled private eye coolly strolls a few steps ahead of the audience.
GOOD Brilliant filmmaking. Polanski's direction of Robert Towne's script makes a masterpiece.
GOOD Superbly crafted Polanski.
GOOD One of those rare films where it's difficult to find flaws even if you're looking for them.
GOOD Arguably Hollywood's finest noir thriller.
GOOD A modern classic that stays true to private eye-movie conventions while digging way, way, deep underneath them.
GOOD classic noir
GOOD A new private-eye melodrama that celebrates not only a time and a place (Los Angeles) but also a kind of criminality that to us jaded souls today appears to be nothing worse than an eccentric form of legitimate private enterprise.
GOOD Chinatown incorporated themes from two eras, but the result is a film for the ages.
GOOD It takes a Herculean effort to transform this type into a character and to replace the formula with a story, and Chinatown's success in both of these regards is one of the reasons it is universally viewed as a classic.
GOOD You've got to love a film that trusts its audience's intelligence as much as Chinatown does.
GOOD Not only one of the greatest detective films, but one of the most perfectly constructed of all films.
GOOD It has an involved plot, interesting characters, steely direction, and on-the-mark acting.
GOOD Amounts to an amazing achievement of cinematic storytelling.
GOOD [Nicholson's] performance is key in keeping Chinatown from becoming just a genre crime picture--that, and a Robert Towne screenplay that evokes an older Los Angeles.
GOOD Ultimately, Richardson's pot-shots at consumerism and class have lost some urgency, but the nihilistic, punky buzz packs an immortal wallop. Classic.
GOOD One of the best of the British 'Angry Young Man films.'
FAIR An iconic representation of a time, less so now.
FAIR While this show of compassion may not sit comfortably with those who distrust social agitation and too easy sympathy, it must be said that a splendid presentation is made by Mr. Richardson.
FAIR If anything contributes to its lasting influence, it's not all this lefty stuff, rather the brilliant performance by Tom Courtenay.
GOOD It's provocative and enjoyable, but not a classic.
GOOD The counter-Hollywood bloody-mindedness packs a knockout punch.
FAIR The film, with its grim Nottingham setting and working class milieu, must have seemed fresh in its day. Now, though, it looks and sounds like a relic from a bygone era.
GOOD For those who take their film black...Moral rot gets full play in Lang's 1953 police drama. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A scalding face-full of harsh reality, courtesy Fritz Lang.
GOOD Lang at his cruelest.
GOOD That's the beauty of Lang's moral ambidexterity. He tells the story of a heroic cop, while using it to mask another story, so much darker, beneath.
GOOD In-your-face tough cop-gangster noir yarn features gritty Glenn Ford and great Gloria Grahame.
GOOD Strong noir thriller from the great Lang in his later years.
GOOD Mr. Lang can direct a film. He has put his mind to it, in this instance, and he has brought forth a hot one with a sting.
GOOD May be Lang's greatest American film.
GOOD In many ways, Fritz Lang's The Big Heat, scripted by former crime reporter Sydney Boehm, laid the groundwork not only for "Dirty Harry," but for the whole sub-genre of 'rogue cop' films that began to surface during the Vietnam era.
FAIR Relentlessly depressing and cynical, and although it was well-made, its cruelty made it an uncomfortable experience.
GOOD Perfectly suited to film noir fans who like their stories dark, their characters dark, and their heroes decent but morally tested.
FAIR As the star of the new, epic-scaled Braveheart, Gibson celebrates yet another man of selfless valor. And as its director, he displays some daring of his own.
FAIR A lavish, entertaining spectacle full of manly men, dastardly villains, rousing battles and women who easily see Mel's hero potential through all that messy hair.
BAD The screenplay says repeatedly that thinking is more important than fighting, yet problems are always met with muscle-power in the movie, which wallows in violence and vengeance every chance it gets.
FAIR In addition to staging battle scenes well, Gibson also manages to recreate the filth and mood of 700 years ago.
FAIR Braveheart is a stouthearted, old-fashioned hero movie in which honorable Scottish underdogs fight nasty British nobles. It lacks refinement, but it's a satisfying war story (and mediocre love story) in the grand Hollywood tradition.
FAIR Mel Gibson's Braveheart is a rousing, romantic battle epic featuring a cast of thousands, many without heads or arms.
GOOD Mel Gibson throws his whole heart into a role. No one acts with more conviction, and his errors are honest ones.
FAIR Many movies deal with battlefield heroics. Few seriously attempt to define heroism.
GOOD In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.
GOOD If you like your Hollywood to be as big, stirring and spectacular as possible, then there's no denying that Braveheart was one of the highpoints of '90s cinema.
GOOD It succeeds in bringing to life the reality of Scottish patriotism and brilliantly captures the spirit of revolution.
GOOD Completely honest, and completely eager, and subtle as an iron hammer to the skull.
GOOD Mel Gibson's Oscared, bloody Scottish spectacle.
BAD So inspiring is his message that my own girlfriend channeled it, in the warning I received prior to my reviewing the film: You'd better love it, or I'll disembowel you.
FAIR A massive, sweaty, frequently silly epic that nevertheless delivers enough brute pleasure to pass a rainy afternoon.
FAIR A great big splendorific Hollywood epic that's not exactly original or cliche-free, but fairly satisfying.
GOOD While the violence is raw, so are the emotions.
FAIR Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood. For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.
GOOD A superior film and there is a lot to love about it.
GOOD For pure, blood-soaked "guy flick" grandeur, few movies can touch this one.
FAIR Larger than life.
GOOD If you prefer your movies to be more than just one man's ego trip, it's an impediment to fully enjoying what is otherwise an awesome-looking and powerful bloody epic.
GOOD A violent, utterly passionate epic.
BAD At times the film seems an obsessive ode to Mel Gibson machismo.
GOOD With its clashing armies, heartstopping action, and grand sense of romance, this is the sort of film it's a pleasure to see and review.
GOOD An action epic with the spirit of the Hollywood swordplay classics and the grungy ferocity of The Road Warrior.
GOOD Seeing the film reminds us instantly of our perennial desire to be swept up into a compelling story.
GOOD Tennessee Williams filled the tinderbox. Marlon Brando ignited it.
GOOD An unqualified masterpiece.
GOOD Epic performances in a movie that seethes with atmosphere.
GOOD "Stella!" classic is powerful tale of abuse, alcoholism.
GOOD Between them Kasan, Brando and Leigh take all the blood, sweat and tears of Williams' text and create one of the most potent productions of the post-war years.
FAIR The film is perhaps best regarded as an intelligent and engaged recreation of the original Broadway experience, in which Jessica Tandy first played the role. There's no denying the awful horror and pity of the final scene.
GOOD Simply a masterful adap of Tennessee Williams' sultry, searing play and an affirmation of Marlon Brando's acting genius.
BAD There's an inevitable staginess to Tennessee Williams' devastating portrait of delusion and cruelty, but director Elia Kazan catches the squalid, claustrophobic atmosphere of a New Orleans tenement just right.
GOOD A Streetcar Named Desire features some of the finest ensemble acting ever offered on the screen, speaking some Williams's most vivid dialogue.
GOOD That melancholy we feel as it closes is a mourning for me that I'll never be able to see this film again for the first time--and that I'll never be able to appreciate any film that came before it without the stain of it in my perception.
FAIR Brando pulls off astonishing things as Stanley Kowalski, and Vivien Leigh gives a performance that must have taken everything she had as Blanche DuBois.
GOOD Brando's performance is probably the most influential in movie history for the way its raw naturalism smolders amid the stiff theatricality that surrounds him.
GOOD Brando is all mumbling naturalism and animal magnetism; Leigh is all preening, affected, theatrical mannerisms. The differences make a startling contrast.
GOOD This is a film about passion, and the movie positively oozes it.
GOOD With The Glass Menagerie, one of the best Tennesee Williams film adaptations.
GOOD Outstanding reading of a great story. Brando at his best.
GOOD The best naturalistic acting of the era.
GOOD Shattering.
GOOD Inner torments are seldom projected with such sensitivity and clarity on the screen.
GOOD A Streetcar Named Desire is a fascinating, wrenching character study.
GOOD Thanks to the excellent text and superb actors, Kazan managed to create a very good film, but he still failed to turn it into genuine and everlasting masterpiece.
GOOD Despite the overwhelming power of Brando's performance, Streetcar is one of the great ensemble pieces in the movies.
GOOD While Kingsley (who took one of eight Oscars) is the glue that holds this epic piece together, you must relish a cast that includes John Gielgud, Edward Fox, John Mills, Martin Sheen and Roshan Seth.
GOOD It's a slow, reverential biopic, but it compensates for its sedate pace with a dry, gentle humour and a humanity that befits its extraordinary subject.
GOOD Brilliant biography will engage preteens and up.
BAD Gandhi is less personal than Reds, but also less complacent than Chariots of Fire and less doddering than Lean's own orderly post-colonial apologia, A Passage to India.
FAIR Every bit the biopic that Patton was, Gandhi is emotionally engaging but taxing on the viewer's stamina. Ben Kingsley is astounding.
FAIR Despite an intelligent title performance by Ben Kingsley and impressive cinematography in the manner of David Lean, this huge, clunky biopic offers less than meets the eye.
GOOD A true epic in every sense of the word!
GOOD A remarkable experience.
FAIR Solid biopic, a little long, but well done.
GOOD Attenborough's profound epic spotlighting one of the 20th century's most prolific spiritual men of peace. Kingsley's portrayal of Gandhi is impeccable and inspirational to boot
GOOD Marvelous. In every sense. Great movie.
GOOD Epic tale about one man's journey down the transforming path of wisdom and peace.
GOOD It's really not nearly as bad as I feared it might be.
FAIR Attenborough's heavy-handed direction nearly derails the film, but Kingsley's performance saves the day -- a rare thing of beauty, a joy that will be with us forever.
GOOD An informative and enjoyable movie.
GOOD ...a huge, sprawling, old-fashioned epic...yet it manages also to maintain an intimacy with its subject that helps us to understand Gandhi as a person as much as an icon.
GOOD Ben Kingsley is nothing short of mesmerizing in the title role.
GOOD Both script and camera serve only as a canvas upon which the masterful Ben Kingsley paints a touchingly lifelike picture of one of the greatest men in history.
GOOD [The world] really needs this film.
FAIR Worthy, handsomely mounted, but highly conventional and ultimately dull.
GOOD The film opens with an acknowledgment that it can't do justice to an entire life but that it will content itself with capturing the spirit of the man.
GOOD This frothy theatre adaptation dates from the period when Hollywood had pretty much perfected the art of the romantic comedy.
GOOD This is close to perfection with Katharine Hepburn repeating her stage triumph as spoilt socialite Tracy Lord.
GOOD Still a sparkling delight.
GOOD Utterly beguiling, funny and romantic ...
GOOD Cukor's direction flawlessly picks up on defining character traits, and all the intricate detail makes watching this movie feel like you're an invisible gatecrasher at the Lords' party.
GOOD Just sit back and enjoy romantic comedy at its most sublime.
GOOD Spoofs and plays sly homage to Clifford Odets' earnest socialist dramas
GOOD Screwball romance is lots of fun for older kids.
GOOD With such a stellar cast, a fine director working in the type of picture he did best, and some genuinely witty dialogue, this film has all the ingredients for a great comedy.
GOOD Is The Philadelphia Story about cutting Katharine Hepburn down to size?
GOOD O charme do trio principal e a inteligencia dos dialogos permitiram que o filme envelhecesse maravilhosamente bem.
FAIR I don't think anyone really cares about the fact that this was intended to be a cunning class satire with a capital C, but it's got big stars, they say cool things, they look good, it's funny, and the right guy gets the right girl in amusing fashion.
GOOD Excellent casting, a great storyline and a shrp script mean that this remains a classic of the genre and one of Katherine Hepburn's best roles.
GOOD [Relies] less on physical comedy and more on immaculately delivered zingers.
GOOD Everyone and everything about the film is mostly perfect, and what the movie ultimately says about the nature of love is still prescient.
GOOD Brilliantly entertaining.
GOOD The Philadelphia Story is a classic movie featuring three of the silver screen's greatest and most enduring stars.
GOOD Hepburn, Grant and Stewart star in one of the best romantic comedies ever made!
GOOD It has been a long time since Hollywood has spent itself so extravagantly, and to such entertaining effect, upon a straight upper-crust fable, an unblushing apologia for plutocracy.
GOOD Nearly perfect film version of the play.
GOOD Everyone is at the top of his game in this sparkling satire.
GOOD You could...fill a book with all the magical things that make this witty, swift, and wistful romantic comedy so impossibly good. Hollywood doesn't make romantic comedies like this anymore.
GOOD The prettiest sight in this fine pretty world!
GOOD Hepburn at her pinnacle; Grant and Stewart at their most charming; witty, warm and wonderful. A timeless work.
GOOD A parlor drama with witty, Oscar Wilde-like banter and glib repartee
FAIR More of an oddball comedy than a screwball comedy, The Philadelphia Story's gender politics haven't aged exceptionally well even if its laughs have done okay.
GOOD Grant, Stewart, and Hepburn deliver impeccable performances.
BAD Not well thought-out and a genuine disappointment for all its visibility in the popular conversation
BAD ...a movie based on an ending. And if you can't figure out that ending ten minutes into the movie, you aren't paying attention.
BAD The film was a typical seventies sci-fi effort, scientifically illiterate and unimaginatively composed.
FAIR A sluggishly directed look at life and death in the 21st century.
FAIR This futuristic thriller just seems to keep getting better with age. An entertaining sci-fi flick done before special effects took over the genre.
BAD Their 21st-century New York occasionally is frightening but it is rarely convincingly real.
BAD The future never looked as retro...
FAIR It's quite an amusing movie.
BAD The SNL skits are better
FAIR A stoic Heston, a nice turn for Robinson, and see-through ironies.
BAD It would have made a great episode of The Twilight Zone, but feature length is too much for its premise.
GOOD Great sci-fi with a surprisingly environmentalist message -- you have to wonder if Heston paid close attention.
FAIR A thought-provoking movie that is still relevant with the many environmental concerns that are out there now.
GOOD As a science fiction film that relies more on viewers' intelligence than special effects, it represents something that is sorely missed in today's Hollywood.
FAIR Classic science fiction that is well-worth seeing.
FAIR Playing the part as if born to it, Cooper is at the top of his game, imbuing Deeds with just the right blend of empathy and intelligence.
GOOD Snappy lines, stellar performances, Capra classic.
GOOD A wonderful Capra vehicle; Cooper is superb; Arthur luminous. A comic movie with heart and a point to make. True Capra-corn, and that is not a criticism. A fine example of populist art.
GOOD Essential Capra and one of his best. Cooper and Arthur are luminous.
GOOD It's tough enough to film a credible morality play without being laughed out of town. It's altogether mind boggling to do so and provide a grade A romantic comedy to boot.
BAD The tedium of Mr. Deeds Goes to Town outweighs its message of freedom and charity.
GOOD Here is a shamelessly simple story with a populist point of view, but it is handled with such charm and charisma and acted so well by Cooper and Arthur that it became another Frank Capra classic.
GOOD Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
FAIR Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
GOOD An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
GOOD And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
GOOD Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
GOOD At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
GOOD A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
GOOD An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
GOOD Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
GOOD Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
GOOD Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
GOOD At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
GOOD Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
GOOD It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
BAD Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
GOOD Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
GOOD More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
BAD ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
GOOD Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
FAIR I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
FAIR Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
GOOD This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
GOOD Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own. His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
GOOD For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us. And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
GOOD The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
GOOD It may not beat The Two Towers for sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
GOOD The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
GOOD In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
FAIR I'm still not as blissed out by this trilogy as are hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes. Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
GOOD A worthy conclusion to a modern epic. Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
GOOD Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
GOOD As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions. Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
FAIR The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
GOOD When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never been to Birmingham to see Tolkien's inspirations at first hand.
GOOD If this wasn't quite the best movie of 2003, it was definitely the most fun to be had at the movies all year
GOOD ...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes. (Extended Edition)
FAIR A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
GOOD This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
GOOD An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
GOOD No flabber has been left ungasted by Mr Jackson's mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
GOOD A masterful moment in cinema.
GOOD Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
GOOD A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
GOOD Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
FAIR An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
GOOD Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
GOOD If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn&#8217;t feel cheated.
FAIR By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to mention overseeing special effects that must make George Lucas take pause.
GOOD Truly awe-inspiring. If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
BAD When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about? The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
GOOD [Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
GOOD minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
GOOD 'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos mas altos en la historia del cine. Gracias, senor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de sonar'
GOOD If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King. It's as good, if not better than the first two films.
GOOD It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
FAIR Um curioso e atipico suspense que traz Sheen em uma performance impecavelmente repulsiva e que tambem se beneficia da atuacao assustadora de Foster, que, com apenas 13 anos, ja se mostrava uma atriz completa.
GOOD Knock-out courtroom drama has deft comic touches.
GOOD Stagey yes, but powerful Tracy and March acting + subject matter make this a must see.
GOOD Absorbing, if long-winded courtroom drama bolstered by two fine central performances from Tracy and March.
GOOD An all time classic
BAD Director Kramer at his most unbearably high-minded and ostentatious
GOOD Extraordinarly vivid, rich, and wise about the core questions of how we know and who we are.
FAIR A most worthwhile film, if for no other reason, because it provides a great opportunity to watch Tracy and March go at it in a most entertaining fashion.
FAIR Producer-director Stanley Kramer ably handles the incendiary material visually, making good use of deep focus and careful compositions
GOOD Inherit the Wind is well crafted and can entertain even the most jaded of modern audiences.
FAIR Between the toe twinkling and ivory tickling it's still a comfortable, cosy way to pass an afternoon.
FAIR Although all the holiday's are covered, this is really a Christmas movie at heart. Overshadowed by its more famous (and overrated) remake, Holiday Inn deserves more credit than it gets.
GOOD This classic musical paired Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire for the first time.
GOOD Classic musical with some controversial material.
FAIR The film's highlight is a bang-up July 4th 'Let's Say It with Firecrackers' that finds Astaire in fine form.
FAIR Call it old-fashioned or old Hollywood fluff, Holiday Inn is a sweet, pleasant slice of another time in pop entertainment.
GOOD Great songs and stars and a pretty good script, too
FAIR One of Astaire's low points, but with a sensational 4th of July dance number.
FAIR Despite not being the success it could have been, this can still inspire a festive glow.
GOOD Holiday Inn, is, of course, filled with the kind of pretty Christmas songs and picture-postcard scenes of snow and horse-drawn sleighs that make for beloved holiday movies. But there's also some darkness lurking here.
GOOD It stars William Shatner, and it's in a made-up language. If you need to know more, this film is not for you.
FAIR suffers from being too long and meandering too much into the minutiae of Custer's love life
FAIR Endures as one of the finest Flynn-de Havilland collaborations.
GOOD Glorified Custer, sure, but Flynn is spectacular.
FAIR Well-made, but specious.
GOOD Nicholson explodes on the screen in a performance so flawless in timing and character perception that it should send half the stars in Hollywood back to acting school.
GOOD It was Nicholson's first Oscar win and this remains, in many ways, his signature performance.
GOOD This film is one of the classic movies of the 1970s, thanks in no small measure to the talents of director Milos Forman.
GOOD The movie is both timeless and indicative of its own era, a period of anti-establishment movements.
GOOD Cast, direction, score, look -- perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect.
GOOD Nicholson gets to use all the colors on his palette, from quiet, troubled contemplation to the disturbingly truthful, live-wire jesting with which he has become best associated. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great cast, great screenplay and great performance makes One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest an enjoyable and thought provoking movie.
GOOD Viewed 30 years after its release, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest remains a very good motion picture, although one that perhaps just misses the pinnacle of greatness where its reputation suggests it resides.
GOOD The film remains as fresh, shocking, depressing and exhilarating as when it was released.
GOOD Ken Kesey's grim satire of institutionalized authority, bracingly filmed by Milos Forman.
GOOD A stirring indictment of how we determine who's sane and who's crazy.
GOOD A rousing, rock-the-boat feel pulses throughout the film, overpowering its weaknesses.
GOOD Without hesitation my No. 1 favorite of all time. At once a comedy and a tragedy, hilarious and heartbreaking, few films have ever achieved such a level of excellence.
GOOD Brilliant Nicholson turn...and Fletcher's nurse is one of film's best villains.
GOOD excellent in every way
GOOD Among the greatest films of all time.
GOOD Nicholson's best work
FAIR Is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest not a great film because it is manipulative, or is it great because it is so superbly manipulative? I can see it through either filter.
GOOD Masterful adaptation of a masterpiece novel. Nicholson deserved his Oscar.
GOOD This superlative 2-disc set ranks among my favorite DVDs of 2002, and I absolutely recommend it as a purchase.
GOOD One of a small number of Best Picture winners to deserve the statuette.
GOOD ...a terrific piece of moviemaking--thoughtful, poignant, funny, and uplifting.
GOOD The film is based on Ken Kesey's novel of the same name, and it's magnificently brought up to the screen by director Milos Forman.
GOOD My basic quibble with the film is that it's part and parcel of the movies' unfortunate tendency to romanticize mental illness.
GOOD Quietly shocking.
GOOD Along with It Happened One Night and The Silence of the Lambs, these are the only three films to win all four major Oscars (actor, actress, director, picture). It's still the only film to deserve it.
BAD D-Day: The Sixth of June is a sappy old love-story wrapped up as a macho guy flick, and the movie barely works as either.
FAIR Its mechanical aesthetic suggests that rather than having to sublimate what remorse Tom Ripley might feel toward his actions, he simply doesn't experience any.
GOOD This expertly made film is utterly mesmerising. And its exploration of ruthless ambition is still fiercely timely.
GOOD Alain Delon excels as gentleman psychopath Tom Ripley in Rene Clement's beautifully restored classic.
GOOD Delon is a terrifically good in the role: his almost unearthly perfection is creepy itself, as if he is imitating a human being.
GOOD Highsmith had some doubts about the ending, which feels less daring than the one in her book, but there's a clever irony to it Hitchcock would have appreciated.
GOOD Tempering Hitchcockian intent with the experimentalism of the French New Wave, the result is as seductive as it is suspenseful: a bracing study of amorality.
GOOD It's Delon -- impossibly beautiful, impossible to read, cold, cool -- who steals the film.
GOOD Condemned now to exist in the shadow of a talented impersonator, this earlier adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's remarkable novel has been all too readily overlooked, despite possessing considerable charms of its own.
GOOD Plein Soleil remains a masterpiece. It defined the career of its director, who became known as the French Hitchcock.
FAIR Clement's strategy is to film Ripley's actions with little editorializing and the film is both laid-back and taut at the same time, especially in the second half of the film as the stakes get higher and it becomes more of a thriller.
GOOD 'Talented Mr. Ripley' with a French accent; stylish and memorable
GOOD A fascinating earlier version of 'The Talented Mr. Ripley' that features a much different murderous protagonist.
FAIR Tom isn't your average Hitchcock hero, he has the advantage of being a sociopath
GOOD An oddball example of the genre.
FAIR Although Purple Noon is a singularly thrill-less thriller, it is lovely to look at.
GOOD Rene Clement's subversive direction makes us root for Delon to pull off a tricky tightrope disguise as suspicious police pursue him from hotel to apartment and town to town.
GOOD This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
GOOD How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
GOOD O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
FAIR ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
GOOD Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
GOOD [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
GOOD A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
FAIR The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence.
GOOD Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
GOOD It's a truly magnificent film.
GOOD For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
FAIR The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
GOOD Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
GOOD An epic achievement in filmmaking.
GOOD A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
GOOD A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
FAIR If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
GOOD Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
GOOD One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
GOOD Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
GOOD Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
GOOD ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
