BAD Immaculate execution in every detail of one poor conception after another... uninspired, arrogant, and lazy.
FAIR Cool original camp. This is a fun little movie.
FAIR It's Back to the Beach writ saucy.
BAD It's all enjoyable enough, but it's played so broadly that it loses whatever impact it might have had.
GOOD Sharp satire. Great fun.
FAIR A funny tongue-in-cheek comedy, cinematic commentary and murder mystery all rolled in to one.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's knowing, relatively enjoyable fluff.
BAD It's too much filmed theater to come alive fully on the screen.
FAIR A promising recipe for comedy that goes flat in the execution.
FAIR Has a great look, but its broad laughs at the expense of '50s and '60s cultural naivete aren't really all that clever.
FAIR An enjoyable, if weightless, romp.
GOOD Not since Rocky Horror has the film world produced such a vibrant farce of teen angst, violence, and sexual deviance.
GOOD Wonderfully campy entertainment that doesn't ask anything of its viewers.
GOOD The sort of movie that even today's superstars might love to slum around in.
FAIR It's best to just relax and enjoy the Party.
GOOD It definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge.
FAIR Offers a wacky portrait of the sexual foibles of men.
GOOD Lukas Moodyson's debut feature has a grainy, immediate feel that nicely enhances the story's emotional honesty -- a quality that our own popular teen movies have only just begun to embrace.
GOOD Nobody can deny the honesty or the outright sincerity this film has.
FAIR Dahlstrom and especially Liljeberg are first-rate.
GOOD Unfortunately, as the plot develops, it shies away from exploring that discontent, in favor of demonstrating precisely the kind of naivete and sweetness that one would expect to find in any teen romance.
GOOD It's just an incredibly insightful character drama about true, awkward, beautiful first love, and it's all the better for it. Oh, and that last shot is as cute as it gets.
FAIR High school, small town, teenagers in hormone hell -- or is that heaven?
GOOD A completely charming reality-based romantic fantasy, both sweet-natured and sympathetic.
FAIR The movie is funny, gentle, and true.
BAD The film has some charm and a winning simplicity but not an iota of depth.
BAD I'm tired of teens talking about make-up and making out. A lesbian twist to an otherwise standard story just isn't enough to make it compelling.
FAIR Successfully captures the frenzied angst and boredom of youth, as well as the powerful, unbridled emotions of first love.
GOOD A poignant exploration of the cruelty and anguish of teenage existence.
GOOD Right away this film grabs attention with documentary-style close- ups and upends teen movie cliches.
GOOD Incredibly fun, incredibly entertaining, and worth watching in all respects.
GOOD A breath of fresh air in a genre too often controlled by Hollywood teen-pap.
GOOD One of the most honest and heartfelt teen dramas ever to grace the screen.
FAIR If McKellar could have just injected some of the eccentricity of his brilliant debut, Last Night, into proceedings we might have had an Ealing-esque social farce. Instead we're left with a comedy that's wry but prosaic.
BAD At best, this aspires to the whimsical charm of Local Hero; at worst, it simply steals from it.
FAIR This is all about duels between rugged veterans. Cheery Gleeson and craggy Gordon Pinset steal the show.
FAIR Though ultimately a somewhat forgettable feature film, The Grand Seduction does have a lot of heart and a certain charm to it which makes for an easy, gratifying experience.
BAD The filmmakers hope for a fable-like charm rather than gritty credibility, but the whole thing feels as cynical as the villagers' convoluted mission.
BAD A comedy drama that offers a portrait of the Emerald Isle that is contrived in its quaintness.
BAD It's a bit of a soppy, sappy film that wastes Gleeson's talent and incidentally appears to imply that bribing oil-company executives is a victimless crime.
BAD Brendan Gleeson and Taylor Kitsch doggy-paddle awkwardly through this lacklustre fishing village comedy.
FAIR Despite some occasional wobbles, this is a charming small-town comedy in the Ealing tradition, while Douglas Koch's attractive cinematography is almost enough to make you consider relocating to Newfoundland. Almost.
BAD Gleeson is a strong anchor and brings some complexity to his part; it's just that he isn't served well by a script that too often mistakes bluntness for irony.
BAD McKellar's take on class is a fib too far: low-grade laughs can't sweeten the sour message that any crap job will placate working folks. Think: Local Zero.
FAIR A snug film about community and the torture of men out of work. There's a warmth to it, a likeability that doesn't wear off. Gleeson's big grizzly bear persona is a big reason why.
GOOD Offers familiar pleasures of no little charm. Sometimes that's enough. When the star is Brendan Gleeson, it may be more than enough.
FAIR Warmhearted and, thanks to Gleeson, laugh-out-loud funny.
BAD As harmless pablum, The Grand Seduction is mildly arousing, just don't expect it to follow through.
FAIR Charming comedy, filled with breezy Irish blarney.
FAIR Thanks to its cast, "The Grand Seduction" turns out to be, if not exactly groundbreaking, at least agreeable, comfortable fun.
GOOD A delightful cinematic gem.
BAD Loved Local Hero? Charmed by Waking Ned Devine? Then go watch Local Hero and Waking Ned Devine.
FAIR Even if it feels a bit formulaic, it's a formula that works.
GOOD So intricately plotted and unlikely that it verges on the exotic, "The Grand Seduction" is nevertheless a hoot.
FAIR A fish-out-of-water fable set within a fabulously scenic backdrop, against which wholesome humor and a thoroughgoing humanist streak play out and intertwine with gentle, unforced ease.
FAIR The more this predictable, faux-endearing Canadian comedy works at being irresistible, the harder it is to enjoy.
BAD The end result is like tea with too much sugar and cream: pleasant enough, but so mild that you start to miss the bitter and the bite.
BAD The attempt at lighthearted sweetness is just like the townspeople's imitation of cricket: They're playing, but they really don't know how.
FAIR An over-familiar formula, but a winning cast
BAD The original, it's ultimately clear, is a much, much more accomplished piece of work.
FAIR It's graceful and sweet and wise where it counts, and often brilliantly acted, and it made me laugh.
BAD The Grand Seduction seems more bent on following the recipe than developing any actual characters or connections.
FAIR Director Don McKellar fills the harbour with some great worn faces, including a lovely turn by Gordon Pinsent as Simon, a town elder whose blue eyes practically twinkle with both drunken complicity and sober reservation.
GOOD The Grand Seduction is a thoroughly modern film that resembles nothing less than classic Hollywood comedies like Local Hero and Waking Ned Devine in both its comedy and its real, rich characters.
FAIR By and large, the film's folksiness bucks schmaltz.
FAIR While it doesn't reinvent the wheel, or the film from which it takes nearly all its ideas, The Grand Seduction emerges as an all too rare specimen: a charming, heartfelt, crowd-pleasing Canadian comedy.
FAIR With just a couple of strong casting choices and a winsome tone, an old formula can still work, and The Grand Seduction comes out of the lab with a disarming readiness to please.
FAIR Gleeson and the collection of good-natured seniors with accents will win your heart.
FAIR Bellocchio famously took on the Catholic Church and the Italian family in his frenetic first film ... Now 40 years later, Bellocchio's attack on the same institutions is calmer and more temperate.
FAIR Enigmatic and mesmerizing.
FAIR An artful look at religious hypocrisy, interfamily dynamics and the way people wrestle with personal history long after the original events are over.
FAIR It's a bit of a mess but strong stuff nevertheless.
FAIR Exceptionally handsome, somber film.
BAD It's almost as if screenwriter/director Marco Bellocchio wants to exorcise personal demons rather than entertain.
FAIR The quizzically abrupt ending leaves [too many] questions, and the viewer, hanging.
FAIR It is a riveting, rich portrait of an atheist who thinks he's resistant to faith but may be in the throes of a feverish conversion.
GOOD Bellocchio's complex drama is held together by the tight and focused performance of Castellitto.
FAIR It's a sly, subtle portrait of systematic hypocrisy (try to count the number of times faith is referred to as an 'insurance policy') and the mysterious way fate binds children to their parents.
FAIR An edgy drama unwinds with an emotional letdown.
GOOD This superbly filmed Italian drama stands with Bellocchio's best work.
GOOD Marco Bellocchio's expansive, memorable film floats and plummets like a box kite in a storm on drafts of melodrama, mysticism and humor.
FAIR My Mother's Smile overflows with mildly interesting ideas and characters, but the end result is decidedly tepid.
FAIR Flawed but fascinating portrait of Vatican politics.
FAIR Bellocchio has a way of spelling everything out for the audience; nonetheless, the film's intellectualism is both provocative and remarkably playful.
GOOD Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
GOOD A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
BAD Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.
BAD Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings.
BAD Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door.
BAD A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens.
BAD An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks.
BAD Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head.
BAD The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating.
BAD Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists.
BAD Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s.
BAD Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks.
BAD "This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant.
BAD Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.
BAD seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters
BAD Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon.
BAD The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify.
BAD Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.
BAD As if one Duff wasn't enough for us.
BAD I liked it better with Brittany Murphy.
BAD The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy.
BAD It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts.
BAD The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin.
BAD The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic.
BAD finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful.
BAD You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck.
BAD This is indeed one dumb film.
BAD Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through.
BAD A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements.
BAD Light but listless.
FAIR There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun.
BAD Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above.
BAD Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable.
BAD The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.'
FAIR Strangely sour and ultimately wearisome.
BAD If you really want to appreciate this film, go see all the hood movies from the 90s - good and bad.
BAD ...the Wayans use a sledgehammer to drive in a thumbtack.
BAD There's maybe three or four half-decent chuckles to be found in this otherwise interminable 90-minute mega-chore.
FAIR The thin plot is merely the frame for gags, and there are more a few good ones here.
FAIR Laugh yourself stupid....Wayans classic!
FAIR A free-for-all comic spoof that brings the 'hood' genre of Hollywood films full circle.
BAD [A] pleasant hour and a half.
GOOD One of the funniest movies of all time
BAD There are zero laughs in this stupid, stupid movie.
BAD The gags -- like most of the Wayanses' humor -- range from astute satire to lowest-common-denominator yucks.
FAIR Rude, crude and outrageous.
BAD If I see one more movie featuring that current favorite of obnoxious movie stereotypes -- the pair of abrasive Asian convenience store owners -- I'm not going to even going to think twice before getting up and leaving the theatre.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not have created a pirate film to rival the big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up. It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out. The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant. All else is unexciting. Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no small amount of credit for being an absolute delight... and for never acting like the viewer is an idiot even as it never requires that the viewer be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details... At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't enough laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel. They needn't hurry. Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases. How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
FAIR Chaotic and far-fetched yet funny enough to have audiences rolling in the aisles.
BAD Given the broad drama of the series, their movie should be full of big ideas, and instead settles for redundant gags involving drugs, guns, and high school cliques.
GOOD Remake or no, this movie is hysterical.
GOOD 21 Jump Street gets the remake job done with tongue-in-cheek style & plenty of outrageous moments.
FAIR Because of Bacall's skill at writing great comedic material and Lord's and Miller's talent behind the camera, "21 Jump Street" became more than what it originally appeared to be, which is a surprise I'm always grateful for.
GOOD 21 Jump Street takes the basic concept of the original series, and uses it to create an action/comedy that is not only palatable to modern audiences, but appealing as well.
FAIR Co-written, produced by, and stars Jonah Hill, who took exactly the right attitude towards the movie: He and his costar Channing Tatum embraced the stereotypes, laughed at themselves, and came up with a surprisingly funny film.
FAIR ...feels more like a guerrilla stunt than a soulless and cynical cash grab. Hooray for Hollywood, I guess.
GOOD Slick and funny as hell, 21 Jump Street is one of the best comedies of the year.
GOOD A raucous, entertaining, and incredibly funny film that respects the premise of the original series...
FAIR For an action comedy, "21 Jump Street" had less action or comedy than I expected. It felt as if I spent too much time waiting for something to happen-either for a joke to fire, or a pistol.
GOOD The movie is perfectly pleasant, a smidgen too aware of itself but consistently sharp.
FAIR While the film struggles at the start as Tatum and Hill share little chemistry, they improve minute by minute and are one of the shining lights by the end, their journey boasting a surprising emotional pull.
GOOD t's less fun when the guns come out in the final act, but there's a moment late in the game that redeems the movie's predictable beats, before the whole thing dissolves into entropy and disorder.
FAIR 21 Jump Street is nothing like the original series. Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum have a great chemistry and the strong beginning and ending do a pretty good job disguising the flabby middle. It's crass, self effacing, 'meta', stupidity and it works.
GOOD Clever, profane and action-packed, '21 Jump Street' fairly leaps onto the big screen as one of the most enjoyable movies of the (still-admittedly young) year.
GOOD The best comedy to be released so far this year.
GOOD I'm as surprised as you that this film could end up being the funniest of 2012.
FAIR Lord and Miller mine the script... for plenty of profane laughs as they set up Hill and Tatum as a hilariously off-kilter comedy duo.
BAD ...it doesn't help, either, that large chunks of the film have been improvised wholesale by the various actors, which only exacerbates the film's excessively slapdash feel.
BAD ... latest in endless slew of painful spoofs based on TV shows takes an OK premise and milks it for an occasional chuckle before devolving into a succession of increasingly lame sketches.
BAD They know it's a joke. But like high school itself, 21 Jump Street hits the wall about halfway in and even prom night can't save it.
GOOD The humor squeezes just about all the giggle juice it can get out of the R rating. If you need a movie map, this 21 Jump Street is on the FAR side of town from Sesame Street.
FAIR by no means a great comedy, but it does demonstrate that playing against the grain can be a good move, especially when the people in charge have run out of ideas
GOOD It doesn't matter if you never saw the original, because this movie is a clever, fast-paced, action comedy...
GOOD A good-natured must-see for fans of broad, silly comedies with a little something under the surface too. Bright, breezy and brilliant.
GOOD It is funny because it is pointed and smart, and it is also funny because it is unusually crass, but the chief takeaway here should be that it is funny.
FAIR Rigorous planning likely was involved in taking the dumb concept of "21 Jump Street" and turning it into something that seems so effortlessly brilliant.
FAIR While hardly raising the bar in action-comedy, it's still a fun, irreverent, laugh-out-loud take on the beloved, small-screen original.
FAIR I won't go so far as to say it's good, but 21 Jump Street is certainly better than it has any right to be.
FAIR The humor may be coarse and crude but it is funny, and with these movies that is what counts.
BAD 21 Jump Street is a cockamamie movie. It's as rowdy as a dick joke. After the 21st dick joke, I wanted to jump off. And after the dick jokes there's a load of excrement jokes.
FAIR It has a tone all its own: drunk enough to lower the inhibitions; not so drunk that it becomes unintelligible.
FAIR Funny and clever but ultimately dispiriting, with a finale that affirms the queasy wink-wink legalized bullying of its early police-vs.-citizens scenes, and that associates manhood with a willingness to kill with a gun -- all for a cheap laugh.
GOOD 21 Jump Street is as fresh and original a comedy you'll ever find that is based on a totally stolen concept. If only all Hollywood rip-offs could be this good.
GOOD Cho's impressions of her mom are legendary among fans, and for good reason.
FAIR When the material is funny, it's extremely funny.
FAIR She can be funny even when she gets on her soapbox.
FAIR Cho's bisexuality supplies her with double ammo when making sex jokes, which are her specialty.
FAIR Cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles, not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience. Her delivery and timing are flawless.
BAD This is hardly big-screen stuff.
FAIR Less structured and, as a result, funnier than Margaret's first!
FAIR Cho is one amusing caustic storyteller. Sharply hilarious and brimming with heart-rendering frankness, Cho exposes herself through the raw observations of the engagingly cheeky comedy concert film Notorious C.H.O....a fearless showcase that's smart
FAIR Has enough laughs to make it worthwhile for Cho's most devoted fans.
FAIR Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs.
GOOD As hilarious as it is raunchy.
FAIR There's never a dull moment here. Notorious C.H.O. is a Genuine R.I.O.T.
BAD Good for the fans but probably only so-so for everyone else.
FAIR Cho offers some of her best material to date: jokes and stories that will no doubt embarrass and haunt her later in life -- a sign of truly raw, personal comedy.
FAIR The best comedy concert movie I've seen since Cho's previous concert comedy film, I'm the One That I Want, in 2000.
FAIR '...it's better to see her show live in the flash and flesh, but watching Notorious C.H.O. is better than no Cho at all.'
FAIR An hour and a half of joyful solo performance.
FAIR The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited.
FAIR Audiences who appreciate extremely raunchy humor will find the giggles flowing, but remember to bring the tissue, because you'll laugh until you cry.
GOOD She's as rude and profane as ever, always hilarious and, most of the time, absolutely right in her stinging social observations.
GOOD [Cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument, creating a scrapbook of living mug shots.
BAD Cho's fans are sure to be entertained; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I'm not one of them.
FAIR Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho's life story, which provided an engrossing dramatic through line, here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines.
FAIR Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights.
FAIR If you really want declare war on the culture of brainless glam, you have to get a bit smart and ugly. In this war, Cho is truly doing her bit.
FAIR Cho's timing is priceless.
FAIR In her first picture, she was as shrill as fingers across a blackboard. Much less shrill and repetitive this time, her act is more inviting to non-fans. Even so, I found it more cute than funny. I never laughed.
FAIR With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor, Carlin and Murphy.
FAIR Raunchy though [Cho's] material is, it embraces all comers, regardless of gender, sexuality, race or ethnicity. And it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here.
BAD A hit- and-miss affair, consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped.
FAIR Essentially a formulaic showcase for the provocative Korean-American's singular comedic styling.
FAIR While jokes about her mother's indecipherable Asian accent are getting a little tired, the newer material ... demonstrates that Cho still knows what makes audiences tick.
GOOD Brilliant, over-the-edge concert film.
FAIR Begin Again is a delight, not only because of its infectious musical vitality but because it follows the unexpected forks in the road.
FAIR It's not nearly as good as "Once" but still very charming and entertaining.
FAIR John Carney's retread never gets close to replicating the stunning emotional core of Once. But for those seeing Begin Again from a fresh perspective, it's ( ... ) a more light-hearted ( ... ) alternative to the Coen Bros' Inside Llewyn Davis.
FAIR The best thing about 'Begin Again' is what it's not. It's not a love story, or at least not a conventional love story; it's more of a friendship story between a man and a woman, which is something we almost never see in movies.
FAIR I've seen happier endings in Oklahoma! and Singin' in the Rain, but this one feels genuine - and in an unexpected way, deeply satisfying.
FAIR Knightley (supplying her own vocals, more than just competently so, by the way) and Ruffalo have a casual chemistry that works, and Levine is (perhaps unsurprisingly) totally right as a self-absorbed jerk.
GOOD I really enjoyed this. It's such a nice surprise, because so many so-called feel-good romantic comedies these days are pretty ordinary but there's something special about this because there's a level of reality to it in the performances in the situations.
GOOD There's a freshness to this film.
GOOD Bonds born out of art, and specifically music, are nothing new in the movies, but Carney conveys the uniquely exhilarating romance of the creative process behind art like no other filmmaker.
GOOD John Carney is not afraid of a cliche. After all, Begin Again is a musical, a genre that has always thrived on them. And he does know how to shape them to his own design, which is low-key and slightly tongue-in-cheek.
FAIR Thankfully Begin Again doesn't take the predictable routes; it seems to actively reject the easy romantic tropes.
GOOD People who love music, people who love great films, and people who love both, are sure to love 'Begin Again,' an exquisite film by John Carney, who wrought the equally superb 'Once.'
FAIR You'll find a mismatched pair to pull for and a lot of sincerity in this musical romance by the creator of Once.
GOOD In its best moments - which are not infrequent - is appealing mostly on the backs of watching interesting, capable people going on with their business in an engaged, focused manner.
GOOD This is the kind of film that lifts your spirits. If you've had a bad day or are generally feeling down, it will cheer you up. If you're already feeling happy, it will make you even happier.
FAIR ...breezy and consistently watchable...
GOOD a light and dancing comedy about fresh starts
FAIR A mostly pleasant but deeply flawed little film that gets by on its stars and a sense of generosity.
GOOD I found it moving, funny and really rather charming, provoking more than enough laughter and tears to dispel my underlying anxieties about the "live" performances.
FAIR The wholesome, hopeful, let's-put-on-a-show enthusiasm may sound hokey but it's actually infectiously joyful. At the same time, Carney roughs up the edges just enough to make this fairy tale seem somewhat accessible and realistic.
GOOD The result is a film that, while fitting into various great traditions, still bears the unmistakable thumbprint of a singular film-maker.
GOOD Carney's latest isn't quite the equal of Once, but who could have twice bottled that lightning?
FAIR Irish writer-director John Carney is a master at depicting musicians on the cusp of something special.
FAIR This soulful outing is sure to please music lovers. And isn't that everyone?
GOOD Keira Knightley sings and so does the movie!
GOOD A decent feel-good flick that features also decent music. The real reason to see it is the acting especially that of Mark Ruffalo who gives a career best performance.
GOOD A cheery charmer that brings a smile to the face.
GOOD Fans of Once - or, indeed, anyone with a heart - will be swept away by the gentle, sweet-but-sad story.
FAIR Begin Again is a not-entirely-successful movie about not selling out; it's a theme that must concern Carney deeply.
GOOD It's a movie that is painfully sincere and free of guile, with as close to a happy ending as these characters could ever get. If you like musicals, well, here's a good one.
FAIR The gentle lightning of Once doesn't strike twice for Carney, but his latest music movie has charm beneath its slick surface - and Knightley and Ruffalo harmonise just fine.
FAIR Keira Knightley plays Greta, a Norah Jones-like singer-songwriter... It's a typically brave performance from an actress who is always prepared to try anything.
FAIR At times, the scenes are so canned they feel like soap opera. But the movie does have its fair share of decent moments thanks to Ruffalo and co-star Catherine Keener.
BAD It's all a bit easy - though quite nicely performed - and Knightley is never entirely convincing ...
FAIR Can a meaningful glance mean as much as a kiss? In this film, it can, and that's enough.
FAIR No matter how thin the drama, or thick the performances, the film's firefly-in-a-jar, midsummer night's whimsy and heart-on-its-sleeve optimism hath charms ...
FAIR Keira Knightley brings a sweet soul to John Carney's delightful sort-of sequel to his low-fi hit, Once.
FAIR The film is a fairy tale: sentimental but enjoyable if you put a few protective fingers in front of your face to avoid being slurped to death.
BAD John Carney returns with another feature-length music video, turning the surprising charm of his debut, Once, a novel take on the modern musical romance, into a shameless gimmick. Just call it Twice.
FAIR Knightley's bullish Britishness and Ruffalo's bruised charm provide a pleasingly gentle, unsentimental chemistry and, heck, there's even James Corden on a kazoo.
BAD Marijuana legalization is a hot button issue, ripe for boundary-pushing humor. Don't Legalize It oddly pulls back at the very moment when it should be charging forward with all its might.
BAD Given how established their roles are, Don't Legalize It could really use some sort of narrative pull, but it is mostly just content to stand in the middle and watch everyone circle in their fitfully funny ruts.
BAD It gets as stale as pot left too long in the freezer.
FAIR You've got to take your toque off to a dumb movie that is clever enough to try to rook Ottawa politicians into doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
BAD It's tolerable because director Mike Clattenburg, who created the series, overlays the stumblebum ineptitude with a layer of affection.
GOOD ...a crazed road trip to Chuckleville.
GOOD The movie a man named 'Woody' was born to direct!
BAD Really dated, but clever concept.
GOOD This should be a hit-and-miss effort, but it's mostly hits.
FAIR Funny the first time. Multiple viewings offer nothing.
GOOD Its ability to jump around vignette-style allows Allen to generously spread his hilarious schtick to a broad number of subjects without fear of dilution. One of Allen's unsung classics.
GOOD Sperm can be fun!
GOOD John Carradine as the mad scientist! Gene Wilder and the ewe! Tasteless, but funny; the sperm sequence is priceless.
FAIR Too uneven to be good. Too good to ignore
GOOD One of Woody's slightest efforts, to be sure, but it still delivers a healthy batch of laughs.
FAIR Mini skirt girl power continues.
BAD The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake. Or maybe a better word is shallow. This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
BAD Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
GOOD Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
BAD To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
BAD This thing is pure garbage.
BAD Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
FAIR [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
GOOD Full Throtle is full of fun.
BAD If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
BAD A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
GOOD That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
BAD Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion. Nice outfits, though.
FAIR Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
FAIR A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
FAIR A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
BAD E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
BAD Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
BAD By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
FAIR Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
FAIR 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
BAD Charlie's Angels was fun. For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
GOOD Do not go in here expecting "an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick. This is basically PG-13 porn. And it's a blast.
GOOD Just as much fun as the first one.
BAD The term eye candy has never felt more apropos.
FAIR Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never quite clear where all his go is supposed to be going -- other than to the next set-piece.
FAIR Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
FAIR Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
BAD It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part? It has absolutely no plot.
BAD It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
GOOD A textbook example of the perfect crowd-pleaser.
GOOD The biggest impression left by Yojimbo is the characterization of Sanjuro, whose iconography of stoic cool (that inspired Clint Eastwood's antiheroic "Man with No Name") is consistently undercut with dashes of comical realism...[Blu-ray]
GOOD This is one of those movies where it sounds like none of it should work and yet all of it somehow does.
GOOD Even Eastwood's Man With No Name is inspired, perhaps, by the samurai in Yojimbo.
GOOD The explosive outbursts of violence in Yojimbo are superbly choreographed, with Kurosawa's customary use of a telephoto lens creating a hallucinatory feeling.
BAD Despite the sometime appearance of the whole thing as a forthright travesty, it does have stretches of excitement and cinematic power.
GOOD Japan's definitive leading man, Toshiro Mifune, wields wits that are even deadlier than his Katana. Funny, clever, and never a dull moment.
GOOD It is fair to say that, without Yojimbo, certain key aspects of Western cinema would not be the same today.
GOOD Every shot in this film is a textbook study of camera movement and placement, composition in depth, and the use of deep-focus photography.
GOOD There's no denying its snappiness. Whenever you shut your brain off, it hums amicably right along.
GOOD Overall, 'twas a good movie, albeit kind of strange.
GOOD One of Japan's great contributions to cinema, the inspiration for spaghetti Westerns and the introduction of a new kind of film hero.
GOOD Great beginning and ending, but drags a bit in the middle.
GOOD Massive amounts of swordplay and treachery turn it into one of the most entertaining and best Kurosawa films.
BAD Another raunchy race toward the first time; adults only.
BAD I don't know who's out there buying the American Pie video sequels, but I sure do wish they'd stop.
BAD Crude, sure. Vulgar, no doubt. But funny? Not at all.
BAD I never thought I'd believe that the characters in American Pie were rich and nuanced, but compared to the disjointed, half-written affair here, they may as well be from Shakespeare.
BAD Aggressively obnoxious FX comedy with Chase at his absolute hammiest.
BAD Exacerbating matters is [Chevy] Chase's performance, which is incredibly obnoxious even by his standards.
FAIR Great music, mediocre plot and acting.
BAD Although there are plenty of positive, feel-good elements to this movie, they are outweighed by missed opportunities to do something more valuable.
FAIR As a romantic comedy...neither exceptional nor groundbreaking. But as a musical, the movie bursts with foot-stomping, arm-swaying, finger-snapping gospel music.
GOOD The Fighting Temptations is a movie that will soften even the most cynical moviegoer. You can see most of it coming a mile away, and it still works.
FAIR All about the music, and you'd have to be truly tone-deaf not to respond to its soaring harmonies and spirited spirituality.
BAD It feels more like an artificial fable than a story we can sink our teeth into.
FAIR Cuba Gooding Jr. [is] so animated a performer that he even appears to be overacting on this movie's poster.
BAD This film would have been better with a lot more gospel and a lot less Gooding.
BAD Gooding is on a downward spiral, but The Fighting Temptations is at least a step above Snow Dogs and several above the inexcusably offensive Boat Trip.
BAD Fight the temptation to look for anything more than good music in this movie.
BAD The lack of gross-out moments is refreshing, as is the way that it never sacrifices its character-driven plot to a discordant comic set piece.
FAIR Crowd-pleasing but shoddy... During a funeral scene, the corpse can clearly be seen breathing...
BAD Is The Fighting Temptations a washed up comedy or a monotonous musical?
BAD Cuba Gooding Jr. once again (shows) he and comedy do not belong in the same area code (and, come to think of it, after 'Boat Trip,' did anyone need further evidence?).
FAIR I wish the writers had been tempted to write a better story.
BAD The filmmakers seem to have meant to offer up a spiritual message about community and faith, but it's muddled and hard to find with romance, comedy and phenomenal gospel performances all fighting for the spotlight.
FAIR Has practically nothing to recommend it save its music: Take that away and Jonathan Lynn's movie is as ordinary as an unsold TV pilot episode. But what music.
FAIR I've looked forward to Cuba Gooding Jr. movies as eagerly as I anticipate SPAM, but The Fighting Temptations breaks his streak of crumminess.
BAD If you're a gospel lover, you can probably overlook the technical flaws, especially if you see it in a crowded and enthusiastic theater.
FAIR The Fighting Temptations exists for its rousing gospel soundtrack, which is at times so good that you can forgive the movie its flaws.
FAIR The music is glorious.
BAD Can this career be saved? After watching The Fighting Temptations, you may feel that Cuba Gooding Jr.'s may not.
GOOD The most tuneful gospel movie since Say Amen, Somebody.
BAD A woefully thin and pointless musical comedy.
BAD The story is slapdash and most of the jokes are lame, but music by the Reverend Shirley Caesar and the Blind Boys of Alabama lends fleeting touches of a grace that's, um, amazing.
BAD It's not graceful. It's not smart. But it's sweet and cute, and that will do until a real romantic comedy comes along.
BAD A messy, sprawling family barbecue of a movie that barely gets by on salesmanship, energy and maybe more than a little chicanery.
FAIR A hoot and a holler.
FAIR A raucous gospel comedy that's as broad as co-star Beyonce Knowles' vowels and chockablock with foot-stomping, up-with-the-choir music that will have even atheists praising the Lord.
FAIR Its musical sequences could make the most hardened atheist want to go to church.
BAD When anyone opens their mouth to sing, it's good; when anyone opens their mouth to talk, it's bad.
FAIR This movie is an 'everybody's welcome' temple to the synergies of both old and new musics.
FAIR [A] half-forgotten little curio for later generations to study with puzzled delight.
FAIR Car stunts, romance, and salty language in 1970s comedy.
FAIR The movie benefits from some excellent vehicular stuntwork, an apt role for Burt Reynolds, the introduction of Jerry Reed's "East Bound and Down," a bright turn by Reynolds' real-life girlfriend Sally Field, and Jackie Gleason at his hammiest.
GOOD quintessentially 70s and still a ton of fun
BAD The first in the series and the best of a lousy lot.
GOOD A raucous blast with plenty of great lines. Gleason is an absolute riot.
GOOD Gleason is the real show here, but it made Burt a huge star.
FAIR Good, stupid fun, but a precursor to some awful copycats.
GOOD The true mark of a good action flick is that it knows when to play dumb and when not to.
BAD If ever there was a more beautiful yet less funny comedy than Harry and Walter Go to New York, I'd like to see it. Or maybe I wouldn't.
BAD To its credit, The Best Two Years shows a refreshing willingness to acknowledge the foibles and possible problems with some Mormon missionary practices.
FAIR The film is excellent and very informative to non-Mormons. I worked with several in the past and always wondered about this two-year voluntary mission. Its great!
FAIR An earnest and impressively polished attempt at providing an inside look at the experiences of full-time Mormon missionaries.
BAD [Anderson] handles the frat-house humor more convincingly than he does the conversion scenes, which are so serious and emotional that they seem to come from a different movie.
BAD Earnest but bland depiction of Mormon missionaries as normal guys, even if they do live within the drug-, alcohol- and sex-free context of an old TV series.
FAIR The value of The Best Two Years is its wholesome, sometimes humorous view, of missionary life.
FAIR If you see one Mormon movie in your life (and really, to expose yourself to a different point of view, you ought to see one), this is the one to see.
BAD After seeing The Best Two Years, you might want to stop by a construction site to see which is more interesting, this movie or watching paint dry.
FAIR There is enough humanistic truth here, though, to fascinate and entertain non-believers.
FAIR ...the story is a solid one and well worth your time to see.
FAIR Not only does this surprisingly warm and funny -- and well-acted -- comedy-drama stand head and shoulders above the most recent crop of LDS features, it's a film that may appeal to moviegoers outside its obvious target audience.
FAIR The movie proves that Mormon Cinema, even on a small budget, can play in the big leagues.
BAD Like KISS's music, it's juvenile, crass, bombastic, and loud.
BAD A valentine to sex, drugs, and cutting school.
BAD What works for rocking and rolling all night (and partying every day) doesn't necessarily hold true for movies.
GOOD The movie isn't a trailblazer; it's an exuberantly trashy party, a comedy of lowdown defeats and triumphs.
BAD A nice, respective try, but Detroit Rock City just misses the mark.
BAD Look, that guy just got clocked by a telephone receiver. Twice. See? Funny!
FAIR Surprisingly amiable for a film that claims to 'kiss the rules goodbye.'
FAIR high energy farce
FAIR Set in the 1970's and produced by Gene Simmons (among others), this scrawny little script eventually becomes a rich film.
FAIR Every bit as cornball as it sounds.
GOOD If you have been with Jesse and Celine through the twists and turns, slips and stumbles of their romantic journey then their long, flowing, deceptively gripping conversations ripple with the realities of life.
GOOD Maybe we'll see more of them in another nine years. But if not, if things end here in this perfect trilogy, then that's enough to consider it as perhaps the greatest cinematic love story of all time.
GOOD The movie's funny at times and difficult at others, and ends absolutely perfectly. The best of the three.
GOOD Delpy and Hawke talk and talk and talk but it is all fascinating.
GOOD Like the Up series, a return to visit old friends
GOOD Making a movie with nothing more than smart dialogue and fine performances is a dying art, but Linklater, Hawke and Delpy remind us that it's a skill worth saving.
GOOD Before Midnight feels like the natural extension of the series, and will be everything fans of it could have hoped for.
FAIR The trouble with those first two film was their souffle-light scenarios...Here, however, things are much juicier as infidelity, commitment, divorce, resentment and all the other soul-sapping things that clock in when you hit your 40s come into play.
GOOD ...in the surprising third act, the film comes together as a plausible horror show of how good intentions and real affection can give way to vicious, realistic psychic combat. (
FAIR ...Before Midnight bears too few similarities to its thoroughly superior predecessors.
GOOD The release of each sequel is becoming an event, so it's particularly great to see Before Midnight not only meeting expectations but raising the bar.
FAIR Before Midnight is no romance. It's a horror movie.
GOOD Takes its traditional romantic tale into more insightful territories.
GOOD Hawk and Delpy know just how to get under your skin. Their onscreen alter egos fit like a glove, and witnessing their ageing, nagging, toying love is a true privilege.
GOOD What lifts Linklater's trilogy above your average dialogue-heavy indie is not just the intelligence of the conversation but its frankness and humor.
GOOD The 'Before' trilogy is a vacation for me. I am taken away, and it is never for long enough. I genuinely feel lucky to have these movies.
GOOD I'm not sure this is the end of Richard Linklater's 'Before' trilogy. It's perfection just as it is, but then again, Linklater has nine more years to work on the sequel.
GOOD Loving words mix with personal attacks, the magic moments with the unintended slights, as we witness the occasional desperation of imperfect people doing the best they can when life moves beyond meet-cute and courtship. That's authentic.
GOOD Linklater and his players bring an end to the fantasy and welcome the thrilling ups and bitter downs of reality to this love story.
GOOD The duo, clearly so comfortable in their characters' skin, indulge in intelligent banter, sharp humour and emotional truths.
GOOD So much better written than contemporary novels, this film is a literary as well as cinematic achievement to cherish. For grown-ups.
GOOD None of the films is faultless in itself, but, tinted with complementary tones, the complete cycle comes as close to perfection as any trilogy in cinema history.
GOOD It's been 18 years since Hawke, Delpy and Linklater introduced us to Jesse and Celine, and their story just gets richer, funnier and more punchy each time we see them. In 1995's Before Sunrise, they were idealistic 23-year-olds.
FAIR Hawke and Delpy are as believably real as any screen couple can ever be.
GOOD This is one of the few sequels for which the cliche 'eagerly awaited' is truly applicable.
GOOD Predictably, it's just as great as the first two.
FAIR By the end, Before Midnight inches towards a dawn of charm. But it's a troubled trip.
GOOD As an organic experiment in collaboration between actors and director, it is a triumph, co-created and co-owned by Delpy, Linklater and Hawke.
GOOD Hawke and Delpy, who are both credited on the script too, have never found co-stars to bounce off more nimbly or bring out richer nuances in their acting.
GOOD The performances and dialogue are wonderfully naturalistic; a reminder that the best special effects are often the cheapest.
GOOD Before Midnight is about the nature of long-term relationships, and the way love deepens and grows but also finds itself subject to the complications of maturity. Smart, insightful, and poignant.
GOOD For those who witnessed Jesse and Celine's tentative getting together as inter railing students almost twenty years ago, it's reassuring to see them still in love.
GOOD Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that perfectly complements the previous two films.
GOOD It remains as engaging, illuminating, honest and funny as its predecessor; here's hoping we revisit Jesse and Celine in another decade or so.
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd call dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
FAIR the film offers Americans an empathetic glimpse of the country we revolted against all those years ago.
GOOD About more than Bosnia: it's about the immigrant experience; it's about tolerance; it's about making a difference; it's about learning to make the best of what one has.
FAIR People who actually recall 1942 will more greatly appreciate the waves of nostalgia that bathe this affectionate coming-of-age drama, set on a tiny island off New England.
FAIR In the early hijinks phase, the film seems like a dry run for Porky's, but it later gets into the business of fluttering curtains, walks on sandy beaches and longing glances.
GOOD "Summer Of '42" is an unforgettable meditation on sexual awakening and loss during WWII.
FAIR "Summer of '42" is a memory movie, written, directed and acted with such uncommon good humor that I don't think you'll be put off by its sweet soft-focus, at least until you start analyzing it afterwards.
GOOD One of the cinematic coming-of-age stories that started a trend.
FAIR Nostalgic coming-into-manhood fantasy.
FAIR Nostalgia is used as a distancing device -- to keep us safely insulated from the boy's immediate grief, love, and passion.
BAD Dates very badly indeed
FAIR It's apparent in every scene that this is a highly personal film for screenwriter Raucher, and the nostalgia is so palpable that it nearly slides off the screen.
BAD Galifianakis [is] able to turn on a dime; balancing his disarming humour with moments of anguished outbreaks. His is one of the best supporting performances of recent memory; equally funny and heartbreaking. If only I could say the same of the movie.
FAIR For all its problems, though, the film is easy-going, frequently channels into a sweet-natured tone and is able to raise a few chuckles.
BAD It may not be One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but it's also not Patch Adams.
BAD It's also a kind of two-dimensional romance, a kind of flippant look at life on a mental ward, and (...) kind of made me want to give Zach Galifianakis a hug.
FAIR It's Kind of a Funny Story lacks substance, but after you've spent a short time in this ward, you have to agree with Craig: These crazies aren't so bad.
FAIR Wavering between affecting dramedy and goofy asylum- com, this is an enjoyable but superficial placebo that soft-soaps the realities of psychological disorder.
BAD [A] flimsy, box-ticking quirk fest.
BAD As a self-help sitcom, it feels both glib and icky. Glicky?
BAD In the end, like the instantly-forgettable title, it's kind of neither one thing nor the other and certainly no match for the likes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest or even Girl, Interrupted.
BAD No it's not. It's kind of a rubbish story.
BAD As disposable as a paper cup and, for such promising directors, a serious regression.
GOOD It's a fine teen film - and how often do you see those words in the same sentence?
FAIR A pleasant movie, but no more.
BAD It kind of isn't.
GOOD In the end, the title of the film contains an irony that may be lost on the filmmakers: this is kind of a funny story, no more, no less.
BAD Has a genuine understanding of the protagonist, but ends up betraying him.
FAIR It's a neat comedy without being a neat and tidy comedy.
FAIR The journey is aided immeasurably by the casting of Keir Gilchrist as young Craig. He has dark, sensitive eyes and a probity about him that wins you to his side.
GOOD Here is the most uplifting, quirky film I've seen in a long time. It brought me joy.
FAIR Writing and directing partners Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck have come up with a smart little film, a gentle drama with both an embraceable tone and a refreshing optimism.
FAIR Even though the film is somewhat mopey, it's also packed with great moments.
FAIR kind of funny, kind of touching, kind of moving, kind of odd, kind of quirky, and kind of lots of other thing, but, it's never fully anything
BAD The people most out of touch with reality are not those onscreen, but the people behind the camera who think this film is a reflection of coping with depression.
FAIR Enjoyable comedy/drama with an engaging script, appealing characters, a superb soundtrack and terrific central performances from Keir Gilchrist and Zach Galifianakis.
BAD The title of 'best movie ever set in a mental hospital' remains firmly secure with 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.'
GOOD ...sort of upper-middle class Precious, an emo flick for self-indulgent white kids who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf.
FAIR Low-key adolescent angst, marred by the type of brief fantasy shots and sequences (the characters as rock stars, lip-synching 'Under Pressure') that have become a let's-go-for-an-easy-laugh crutch for filmmakers.
FAIR Zach G.is the next Bill Murray.
FAIR It's a less anguished, much funnier 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest'...
FAIR ...able to honestly juggle mental illness and a sense of hope.
GOOD A rich and unusual film that really defies categorization.
FAIR The writing-directing team of Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden have created a solid mix of serious, darker scenes and flights of fancy.
FAIR The acting is strong, with Galifianakis doing an especially good job as the likeable Bobby.
FAIR Is that the best approach to take about a subject as heady as mental illness, especially at a time when there are more kids on Zoloft than Flintstones? chewables?
BAD Where?s Nurse Ratched when you really need her?
FAIR Call it "Cuckoo Light" with a PG 13-appropriate amount of angst and just enough laughs and creativity to keep your attention.
FAIR It?s no "One Flew Over the Cuckoo?s Nest," but this little dramedy about life in a Brooklyn psych ward has its small charms.
FAIR Sunshine Cleaning a compelling and thoroughly adult picture, boasting an original plot and, in Adams and Blunt, two of the most talented young actresses working today.
GOOD Amy Adams and Emily Blunt, two fine actresses, get the opportunity to glow in strong lead roles as complex, emotionally fractured females who work hard to earn your respect -- and reclaim their own.
FAIR Sunshine Cleaning is a decent film, especially if you already like this sort of thing, with a lot of subtlety and a desire to represent actual human beings without demonizing or beatifying any of them.
FAIR Well worth a look for those who aren't too disillusioned with the post-Juno Indie film scene.
FAIR Amy Adams sweeps through the wide-ranging role with zest, enthusiasm and just the right touch of simmering self-anger.
GOOD More sobering than laugh-out-loud funny, Sunshine Cleaning gives full weight to the impact of death without rubbing our faces in the crime scenes.
FAIR Megan Holley's script feels like it's been Sundance-workshopped to death. However, the cast - led by Amy Adams, Emily Blunt and Alan Arkin - establishes a vibrantly odd family bond that sustains "Sunshine Cleaning" through its dimmer portions.
GOOD Driven by top-tier performances from Adams and Blunt, Sunshine Cleaning is a charming dramedy that lifts the dirt on life and death.
BAD Not entirely insubstantial, even as the bulk evaporates from the mind.
FAIR The sort of movie you root for, hoping it'll break through to be something special. It never quite does, but it still has the not-insignificant value of two fine actresses cast as sisters. [Blu-ray]
GOOD While it may sound like Little Miss Sunshine's poor relative, or Sundance by-the-numbers, this is an enjoyable, poignant, moving and - yes - funny film in its own right.
FAIR Everything Amy Adams touches turns to gold, and even here where she is playing a character thoroughly down on her luck, she is luminous.
FAIR Jeffs makes a good fist of the direction and Blunt proves that she can do comedy, but it's Adams's comforting, charismatic central turn which really gives the film its lift.
FAIR Ultimately, the film is too neat, and too cloyingly sweet to tackle anything resembling real life.
BAD Instead of something fresh and funny, this film is as formulaic and empty as any Hollywood blockbuster.
GOOD Jeffs shows economy in her direction and steers through the potentially difficult script with skilful handling of tone and mood, wonderfully striking balance between laughs and tears. What a relief it is to unearth this quietly sparkling gem.
FAIR Sunshine Cleaning gets an A for Amy Adams. Injecting some heartfelt, three-dimensional zest into the wispy, two-dimensional story, she spares this copycat indie's blushes and scores a winning combo with Blunt.
FAIR The film has poor commercial prospects, as its plot is too slender, its tone too blandly upbeat.
FAIR It's a film so achingly average it almost deserves an award for mediocrity.
FAIR It's not on a par with Little Miss: there's some whimsical-tragical stuff about talking to the dead via CB radio, and the producers might want to think beyond using "Sunshine" in a title again. But I would have been sorry to miss this.
GOOD Sunshine Cleaning is a winning combination of heartbreak and quirky humour.
GOOD Sunshine Cleaning will be the sleeper of this year, a movie soon to be talked about in the same breath as Sideways, Juno and Little Miss Sunshine.
FAIR Sunshine Cleaning is not perverse for the sake of it: its eccentricities arise from characters whose lives fall outside the life guide manuals.
FAIR Could have been a little more darkly comic in places but the performances are superb.
GOOD It's worthwhile just for Adams and Blunt, a partnership made in movie heaven.
BAD Best to take a page from Rose's metier and bleach this one fully out of sight and mind.
FAIR Occasionally it struggles to walk the line between black comedy and bleak dysfunction. Ultimately, though, this is a fresh and refreshing outing with a surprising amount of heart.
FAIR Amy Adams [is] terrific in Sunshine Cleaning but the material lets her down. It's as if it's trying to push every indie film button in the book.
BAD Although the film isn't brilliant, the script has its moments and includes some memorable dialogue: "How'd she die?" "It was a do-it-yourself kinda thing."
GOOD So many things worked so well that you might not expect would %u2013 from the cheery fakery of an awkward high school reunion to the complexities of this line of work.
GOOD It's still relatively early in the year, but this is definitely one of my favorite films so far in 2009.
FAIR It's all a bit over-baked at some moments; other moments shine with the emotional truth that one hopes to find if one must be subjected to a montage of nasty crime scenes.
GOOD They're ordinary people doing the best that they can. And that's what makes 'Sunshine Cleaning' so enjoyable for adult audiences.
FAIR Sunshine Cleaning is a movie that transcends the obstacles of its genre to sporadically soar to welcome heights. It is characterized by strong direction, skillful editing, and an ensemble cast that will be among the best of the year.
BAD Nine-year-old kids may sit through it and have fun, but nine-year-olds would also eat french fries 23 hours a day if their parents didn't force them to try something more nutritious.
BAD The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
BAD The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never made more movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
BAD The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
BAD The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
BAD Sporadically funny, but never more than a sting of crude gags.
BAD Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
BAD As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
BAD Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial. And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
BAD Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity left to assault.
BAD A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
BAD Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
BAD Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
BAD [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
BAD Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
BAD A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
BAD Never consistently humorous.
BAD Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
BAD You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
BAD You won't laugh hard at Spy Hard. And that's not because the jokes aren't funny. Most of them aren't even jokes.
BAD Ugh.
FAIR A rollicking paean to the musical that owes as much to Hollywood as it does to Bollywood.
GOOD Wristcutters: A Love Story is like a suicidal Wizard of Oz.
BAD It is a staggeringly awful road movie, not much enlivened by the presence of Tom Waits as a wizened participant.
FAIR The purgatorial premise is pleasingly eccentric but, in the end, Wristcutters falls victim to its washed-out mood, and limps bloodlessly to a close.
BAD A dreary, self-consciously quirky indie flick that seems to go on forever, despite an economical running time.
BAD Veering from witty to occasionally trite, Wristcutters: A Love Story has plenty of originality on its side, but never manages to be more than the sum of its self-consciously quirky parts.
FAIR A little self-consciously kooky but with an ace soundtrack that combines gypsy punksters Gogol Bordello with real-life plug-pullers this sure beats putting your head in the oven.
FAIR Dark subject matter, but Goran Dukic's film is whimsical and determinedly optimistic about life.
FAIR For the better part of the journey this a bizarrely uplifting yarn - razor sharp, you might say.
BAD Opportunities to comment on the ethical grey areas of suicide are mostly squandered and, as the pointless digressions begin to pile up, your mind begins to drift from the action on screen.
GOOD Enjoyably quirky black comedy that's clearly destined to become a cult movie amongst the Gothic contingent.
FAIR Despite being occasionally hilarious, director Goran Dukic should have toned down the wackiness.
BAD Another indie director more interested in style than substance.
BAD If you're going to make a comedy about suicide, you'd better make sure the jokes land. There are people out there who could use a laugh.
FAIR It has 'midnight movie' written all over it.
FAIR Wristcutters is a small film of ambitions nicely scaled to the performances and story. Who knew that affectless characters could be so oddly affecting?
FAIR Wristcutters opens with what proves to be its best scene, one that could stand alone as a brilliant short subject.
GOOD The vision of life after death varies between the religious and the non-religious, the optimists and the pessimists and the believers and non-believers. There are few after-life stories, though, as unique and humorous as this.
FAIR All this sounds rather grim, and indeed it is -- but this backward Heaven Can Wait is also, thanks to [director] Dukic's inventive imagination, surprisingly involving and ultimately sweet.
FAIR Wristcutters is a cut above most low-budget American indies, with something original to say about the human condition and an artful way of saying it.
BAD Goran Dukic's film starts off seeming hip and funky and dark, but almost immediately runs out of steam. It feels like a short carelessly padded to feature length.
BAD The future of Wristcutters as a cult favorite is less assured. Rather than benefiting from repeated viewings, the movie's charm is pretty much spent after the first half hour.
FAIR We witness the birth of a new genre, the Post-Slasher Movie.
FAIR Croatian filmmaker Goran Dukic's debut feature turns out to be a sweetly grim lark: a road film through Limbo.
FAIR ...more whimsical and charming than you would ever expect from a picture about suicide.
FAIR Though it goes a bit wonky toward the end and seems to travel a very long way to drive home a rather simple point, Wristcutters: A Love Story remains a wonderfully evocative experience.
BAD Almost 40 years ago Easy Rider established that road trips can make great independent films. Or at least cheap ones. But when booking a room inside the pearly gates, cheap may not be exactly what you're looking for.
BAD Screenwriter/director Goran Dukic can't quite decide on a tone. The film is at times lighthearted, almost effervescent, and then it's so dark that it becomes depressingly bleak.
FAIR Wristcutters is quite a bit darker than most mainstream romantic comedies. As you might not expect, it's also quite a bit more inventive and far wittier than most mainstream romantic comedies.
GOOD Goran Dukic, working from a short story by Etgar Kiret, has fashioned a life-after-death that is both somber and silly.
BAD The witless Wristcutters holds all the fascination of a train wreck. Youa(TM)ll stay in your seat just to see if ita(TM)ll get any worse, and you wona(TM)t be disappointed.
FAIR Mostly animated PG film has gross-out humor, violence.
BAD I enjoyed it. It's a fun, dumb and gross comedy that kids will love.
FAIR You'll probably find yourself laughing at Bill Murray farting. I did.
FAIR It is funny, original, and even contains a genuine, good-natured theme.
BAD ...the whole thing eventually becomes bogged down in its own plot.
BAD The ideas are there, hints of genius, but no one ignites them.
GOOD I'd advise attendees of this film to go on an empty stomach, but if you're willing to endure the Farrellys' warped sense of humor and Murray's scratching, squirting, gas-passing antics, Osmosis Jones offers some lighthearted fun.
GOOD The over-riding question with all comedies is 'Are there many laughs in it?' Luckily, the answer is yes - there are lots of great jokes, and not all of the scatological kind.
FAIR The design of this colorful interior metropolis is both clever and biologically correct.
GOOD Deserves all the praise showered upon the overrated Shrek.
FAIR Leave it to the Farrelly brothers to once again gross us out.
FAIR The script has just enough clever jokes to keep us chuckling, even if it never scales the heights of classic comedy.
BAD ...it's up to the animation to keep us entertained, and those sections turn out to be much too predictable.
FAIR This is the kind of premise you'd expect to be filmed as a five-minute educational video, if at all. But this feature is 95 minutes and never drags.
FAIR While it's certainly not among the best movies of the year, Osmosis Jones is not a film that deserved to end up $60 million dollars in the hole.
BAD If there wasn't any live action and the animation bit had been fleshed out more then this could've been a highlight of the season...
FAIR An enjoyable, if vastly underachieving, diversion.
BAD ...se disfruta en su parte animada, y mucho mas si se tiene o se recupera cierto espiritu infantil en la edad en la que los pedos, mocos, etc. podian sacar sonrisas .
FAIR So what went wrong? In a nutshell, the live action portion.
GOOD Osmosis Jones is one of the most daring and original major Hollywood movies in a long time.
BAD Osmosis is missing a spark.
GOOD Folks who go to it expecting the traditional Farrelly flood of bodily fluids won't be disappointed, but it's likely they'll laugh harder at the witty dialogue and references to other films.
FAIR For the most part, it works because of its own visual inventiveness and the complete lack of pride on the part of both Murray and Elliott.
BAD It should have been placed in a hazardous waste container, encased in concrete and dumped into the Farrelly brothers' septic tank.
BAD Because the film teeters between adult humor and being family oriented -- Osmosis Jones fails to connect with either audience.
FAIR never quite takes off the way you're hoping it will
BAD ...ideally suited for the video market.
BAD Despite a barrage of puns that will whiz over the heads of the average eight-year-old ('virus con dios,' 'Funny, he doesn't look fluish,' and the like), this film wasn't intended for the enjoyment of adults.
BAD Isn't a movie so much as a health-class nutrition lecture.
BAD It's no funnier than your average grade-school biology lesson and less pedagogically useful than your typical Farrelly brothers comedy.
BAD If someone like Levy can't escape the vicious circle of these lousy flicks, what hope do we have?
BAD ...completely and utterly devoid of anything even resembling competence...
FAIR Funny and intelligent, despite some flaws.
GOOD Garofalo is accessible to anyone in the audience (except maybe herself).
GOOD Rom-com charmer with a smart script and Garofalo in top form.
GOOD Janeane Garofalo's magnetic yet unconventional presence instantly pulls the audience into the story.
FAIR Better than it looks ... but not by much.
GOOD Since when is Garofalo less appealing than Thurman?
GOOD A spry and perceptive romantic comedy highlighted by the spirited performance of Garofalo's self-deprecating guise
FAIR This sly update on Cyrano de Bergerac owes a lot to Janeane Garofalo, who inexplicably disowned it.
FAIR Sometimes sad, sometimes uplifting. This is a heady meditation on the trials of modern romance.
FAIR Though its romantic-comedy triangle borrows heavily from Cyrano de Bergerac, the film has more in common with Three's Company.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co. fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never indulged at the expense of the plot, which flies off in genuinely unexpected directions, culminating in a boundlessly inventive funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't see how anyone who enjoys their animated movies won't enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something. He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny. This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids! Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't feel produced; it feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
GOOD A polarizing, but classic piece of children's entertainment filled with whimsy, horror, comedy and imagination.
GOOD This is Gene Wilder's legacy. He was perfect for the role, and it was his mixture of childlike wonder and bitter, deserved vengeance that made the character so compelling.
GOOD Pure, sweet imagination for both kids and adults.
BAD The passages in the mysterious factory, which should be Charlie's and our release from the oppression of the earlier scenes, are just as ugly as everything that's come before, so there's no contrast.
GOOD ...filled with good humor, good acting, and good songs...and it's just off kilter enough to keep everyone's attention.
GOOD Ainda que um ou outro numero musical comprometa o ritmo, o clima de fantasia e a atuacao calorosa de Wilder conquistam o espectador.
GOOD The movie bursts with creativity, deep thought and comedy.
GOOD Probably Gene Wilder's finest, most manic hour.
GOOD Weird and wonderful
GOOD Just a frolicking Wonka visionary schnozberry flavored delight!
FAIR It has a huge following, though I've never understood why.
FAIR If "creepy" can be an asset, then this is the best kind of creepy you'll ever find.
GOOD A timeless family film that will continue to endure as long as people love chocolate.
GOOD The original feel good film from 1971, is back in a special new DVD edition for its thirtieth anniversary with some great special features.
GOOD Brings joy to adult and child alike.
FAIR The zany factory's imaginative gimmicks, and that vivid color scheme, will keep even the youngest kids alert.
GOOD Cynical and raunchy comedy for adults only.
BAD Unfortunately, the tender observations Zwigoff and Clowes specialize in are largely missing from Art School Confidential, which spends its energy on the zany people who'd usually pepper the edges of their films.
BAD It's too crass to be a plausible satire, and not funny enough to be a dumb comedy.
GOOD It's the work of two misanthropes in an even worse mood than usual.
GOOD An ingenious satire of the pretentious mindset of the elitist art world from the perspective of a rapidly-disillusioned kid who had no idea what he was getting into.
FAIR ...generally comes off as nothing less than a substantial disappointment.
BAD The few characters we might have cared for become increasingly shallow, and it all lapses into cliches about the relationship between art and infamy, between personal integrity and selling your soul, and so on.
BAD The true merit of the movie is the momentary pleasures of the dialogue and the performances, but the story itself leaves you wanting. So, is it art? Looks like it.
BAD Has the makings of a mediocre, after-school sitcom
FAIR Art School Confidential s'avere une autre belle reussite pour les deux artistes [Zwigoff et Clowes] qui, esperons-le, collaboreront a nouveau dans un avenir rapproche.
FAIR This smarty-pants campus yarn is on fire with satire.
FAIR Director Terry Zwigoff and comic book artist-turned-screenwriter Daniel Clowes follow up their Ghost World success with a less satisfying collaboration.
FAIR Ita(TM)s fine that this film feels uncomfortable indulging the shopworn tropes of coming-of-age story or black comedy or romance or mystery thriller, but, well, ambivalence is self-propagating.
BAD Rather than observing the intimate details that make an Art School project special, the filmmakers opt to focus on Art School partying (i.e., drinking and vomiting) instead.
FAIR Well-meaning, but ultimately flawed.
BAD This has the feel of a beginner's film and has some fun moments and a good performance by John Malkovich, but overall does not have enough to keep it going.
GOOD Zygoff and Clowes do get the most out of their first-rate cast and prove that hollow laughs are far superior to no laughs at all.
BAD In almost any medium, Art School Confidential would draw a failing grade.
FAIR It's a sardonic, subversive, heavy-handed black comedy, painting a nasty picture.
GOOD Bitter, flawed, a bit sophomoric, but compelling in a way that better balanced cinematic efforts rarely are.
FAIR ...a sort of John Hughes revamp of Fritz Lang's 'Scarlet Street' (another film in which sexual desire leads a struggling painter down a path of death and stolen artistic identity).
FAIR ...if the lack of chemistry between the leads and the glued-together nature of the plot bring the movie down, they don't totally extinguish its subversive spirit.
BAD "Art School Confidential," compared to Zwigoff's other masterpieces "Ghost World" and "Crumb," is a paint-by-numbers picture.
BAD If you're an art student, you'll probably buy the movie on DVD and rub it all over your body.
GOOD Their humor comes not from a need to be loved or a need to win awards, but rather straight from an acute awareness of the world's follies.
FAIR No matter which is the real imitator, life or art, Art School Confidential does its own fine job skewering both.
BAD The film loses its way with multiple subplots, becoming a hodgepodge that isn't particularly hard to follow, but, far worse, provides no compelling reason to bother.
BAD The movie has no supportive theme or rhythm, nothing to bind its dotty patches together.
BAD This tale of a naive young student who is thrown to the arrogant wolves at an art school comes off as both insecure and insincere. I often didn't believe it, and I wasn't sure the creators really believed it either.
BAD A movie with the odd, tired joke about art and artists, a college romance that isn't romantic, and a plot twist that doesn't twist at all.
BAD It feels deflated, disgruntled and pathetic.
FAIR It is so gloriously unconvincing, so utterly absurd, that it achieves a kind of greatness.
BAD A sure candidate for the worst movie ever made...
FAIR ...unabashed fantasy...
BAD Even with a tiny budget, The Worst Year of My Life has ambition, but limp acting, unoriginal story beats and lifeless characterization mires its scope.
FAIR OK slapstick in the "Home Alone" vein
BAD Hey, at least the baby wasn't talking.
FAIR Tot-sized laughs
BAD For the seven people out there who hoped for a movie stupider than "Home Alone 2."
FAIR Not nearly as awful as it could have been...it at least knows that it's cheesy, which makes it more fun.
BAD It's not really clear why this movie was necessary %u2013 it does not reinvent the 50's movie so much as do a highly faithful cover version of it. (Gus Van Sandy's shot-for-shot remake of Psycho is a similar pointless academic exercise.)
FAIR ...gently wacky. Although breezy and sketchy on the easy laughs at times, Alien Trespass does promise to entertain for the sole purpose of its campy off-kilter makeup.
FAIR If the film succeeds perfectly in its aim, to recreate exactly a genre of films noted for how shoddy and boring they were, is it then fair to complain when the film is itself boring?
BAD Alien Trespass won't let our knowledge of the stereotypes it incorporates do the work and make the critique.
FAIR If you're willing to check your brain at the door and to suspend a lot of your disbelief, Alien Trespass manages to be a delightfully zany and campy satire best experienced at midnight with a group of friends.
FAIR A true love letter to genre days gone by, Alien Trespass delivers on its promise to bring back a slice of the good old days to horror cinema.
FAIR While it never rises to the level of Galaxy Quest, my gold standard for funny sci-fi films, Alien Trespass consistently delights and amuses.
BAD Retro-style sci-fi action spoof tries hard but doesn't work.
FAIR A highly entertaining retro Sci-fi blast from the past that is loads of fun, an endearing tribute to all those bad movies we just loved.
BAD ... once those warm, fuzzy feelings of nostalgia start to wear off, all you are left with is a tedious movie that is full of wooden performances, campy dialogue, cheesy and outdated special effects, eerie music and space beings in rubber suits.
BAD This lazy effort gets points only for truly loving -- perhaps to a fault -- the cheapo creature flicks of the 1950s.
BAD Alien Trespass, with a rating notice that mentions 'brief historical smoking,' is at least better than last year's official remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
BAD It's a satire without laughs, a parody without punch lines, a careful copy that replicates everything except the original's life.
FAIR How much you enjoy this strange picture depends on two things: Your appreciation of the genre that is being feted here, and the enthusiasm of the audience that you view it with.
FAIR Alien Trespass is an intriguing experiment, and I admire its craftsmanship.
BAD If you're not going to have fun with such a silly cinematic subgenre, what's the point in resurrecting it? Or, from the more pertinent audience point of view, in seeing it?
BAD A charmingly sentimental but ultimately pointless homage to the sci-fi classics of yesteryear.
BAD Fun at first, the movie quickly wears thin. Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery, but if that's your choice, you better be sure the thing you're imitating is worthy of it.
BAD While Alien Trespass stays true to the era and the genre, it forgets that its mission in this galaxy is not merely to pay tribute but to entertain.
BAD Alien Trespass, which opens Friday on the heels of the witty Monsters vs. Aliens, feels like an also-ran.
BAD Bewildered? You won't be alone.
BAD Alien Trespass, an affectionate tribute to flying saucer movies, treats the cliches of drive-in sci-fi with touching naivete. So why isn't it more fun?
BAD To see how Alien Trespass might have been done, rent The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra with its puppet monster on visible strings, its dime-store sets and its dreadful artificial dialogue.
FAIR Alien Trespass could be the latest bulletin from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 except that we're the silhouetted heads and the filmmakers are sitting right there next to us.
FAIR At a certain point you find yourself thinking, why not watch the real It Came From Outer Space, instead of this mildly amusing replica?
BAD A pale imitation of a drive-in movie, with nothing silly or sloppy enough to qualify as camp.
GOOD The football scenes are brutally real; the locker room scenes are totally authentic.
GOOD Pro football fans may be disillusioned by this excellent, honest, and often brutal expose of the play-for-pay game.
FAIR The leading man, Nick Nolte, has a physical authority and a clowning, irreverent manner that lend the film some semblance of continuity, even when it's about to flounder.
FAIR Raucous football tale with effective Nolte.
FAIR It's still fascinating to get a glimpse of what athletes sacrifice to entertain us. It would have been considerably more fascinating if more of the people involved had seemed more human.
FAIR For a sports flick, this is unique and holds your attention for the most part.
FAIR Too bad it is difficult to really care about what is going on since such a thoroughly unpleasant character is at the center.
BAD A slightly unpleasant and shocking film.
GOOD Woody Allen nao e so um cineasta de extrema cultura e de um timing comico irrepreensivel. Ele e, antes de tudo, um dos mais talentosos roteiristas que o Cinema ja produziu.
GOOD La historia es maravillosa.
BAD Witnessing Elisabeth Shue kissing Woody Allen full on the mouth in excruciating close-up is about as hard to watch as the wood-chipping scene in Fargo.
BAD The dialogue lacks snap, and Allen-the-actor's comic timing seems a beat off.
FAIR The lightweight story eventually runs out of gas and stops, but it provides little to take away other than some fleeting humor.
BAD "Million Dollar Arm" is bland and overlong at 124 minutes. Simply put, there is nothing here of interest.
FAIR Based on a true story, this is one of those relentlessly uplifting Disney movies that mixes comedy and emotion to inspire and move the audience.
BAD Craig Gillespie's by-numbers schmaltzathon never transcends its tourist's-eye views of India or patronisingly cliched views of its people.
FAIR In its own gently comical way, Million Dollar Arm plays up the misunderstandings between Hollywood and India -- as well as the mutual fascination.
FAIR A likeable and agreeable movie.
GOOD Though it doesn't offer much by way of freshness, Million Dollar Arm is about as enjoyable as a predictable film gets, thanks to a feel good mix of genuine heart and wit.
GOOD It might sound like a superhero movie but Million Dollar Arm is a stirringly human drama based on a true story and a welcome reminder that extraordinary feats can be achieved by mere mortals.
BAD A cold, hard business story, reshaped by Disney into a warm, fuzzy hug.
FAIR There's nothing wildly unpredictable on offer here, but it still winningly manages to sneak its way past your defences.
GOOD The steady hand of director Craig Gillespie (whose previous work includes the off-kilter Lars and the Real Girl) is evident throughout, and the result is warm, witty and thoroughly entertaining.
BAD Hamm's charm works well playing a debonair scoundrel on television but in this bland, family friendly offering, it's a resource that's quickly drained.
GOOD Very funny underdog comedy that's genuinely heartwarming and full of charm.
FAIR A cross between Bend It Like Beckham and Cool Runnings, you can see what Disney is pitching from a mile away, but it's polished and pleasant.
BAD Hamm and Bell keep this hooey light, but you can't lob a ball in here without hitting notes played better in Jerry Maguire and Slumdog Millionaire.
FAIR As far as sports movies go, like Hamm, it's immensely likeable.
GOOD "Million Dollar Arm" benefits from a strong performance by Jon Hamm in the lead and a top-notch supporting cast.
BAD Its true story actually smells rather fishy in that almost everything about it plays as manufactured schmaltz.
BAD ...it ultimately seems obvious that this material is inherently not able to sustain a feature-length endeavor.
GOOD A Grand Slam
FAIR Achieves a certain emotional authenticity even as the viewer anticipates exactly which heart string will be plucked and how.
FAIR Million Dollar Arm scores a triple.
BAD Million Dollar Arm could be subtitled The Best Exotic Marigold Pitching Mound.
FAIR It doesn't have a mean bone in its overly long body of a script. The touch of Disney, a family-friendly PG rating and a baseball story add up to a crowd-pleaser in 'Million Dollar Arm.'
BAD Sappy, saccharine, and predictable to the point where it's almost painful.
GOOD An uplifting and inspirational tale
BAD Million Dollar Arm, you had me at Jerry Maguire.
FAIR It may not be the most memorable film out there, but Million Dollar Arm is a fine film that the whole family can enjoy.
BAD All the potential edges have been sanded off. And so, a quite remarkable true story, no matter how truthfully told, feels like a formulaic fable.
FAIR For a heart-warming movie that praises risk taking and out of the box thinking, Million Dollar Arm plays its narrative surprisingly safe.
FAIR Luckily, a terrific cast that includes Alan Arkin, Suraj Sharma, Bill Paxton, Pitobash Tripathy and Madhur Mittal holds this unwieldy thing together. (Bill Paxton, Jon Hamm or Lake Bell in the cast of any film is generally a good sign.)
FAIR Based on true events, this is a heartwarming, uplifting, feel-good family film - in the popular Disney underdog sports genre.
FAIR A charming cast makes it succeed, but a lack of willingness to really push boundaries never lets it become anything more.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Million Dollar Arm is that it wears its emotions honestly. But as a fan of baseball, I have to say that matchups are always more interesting when you go into that first inning unaware of who's going to win the game.
FAIR Feel-good sports dramedy is a fine pick for tweens.
GOOD JB is not the wisest of men and Million Dollar Arm makes no bones about him being a character in need of an upward arc. Even so, the movie never sacrifices the other characters as mere handmaidens to his growth.
FAIR Million Dollar Arm is like taking a tour bus ride with a competent guide: You know exactly where it's going, but you like the company.
BAD Slackers meet Satan in not-quite-so-excellent adventure.
BAD Mostly disappointing results.
GOOD Has there ever been a more perfect role for Keanu Reeves than floppy-haired, dim-brained high school slacker Ted "Theodore" Logan?
BAD ...the various elements that made Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure such an unexpected delight are almost entirely absent here.
GOOD awash in weird humor and outlandish gags
FAIR A riot of visual invention and weird humor that works on its chosen sub-moronic level, and on several others as well...
FAIR strained but goofy fun
FAIR Its best moments make up for its more mediocre ones.
GOOD More mindless airhead time-traveling fun. The hilarious William Sadler gives the best portrayal of Death since Bengt Ekerot in THE SEVENTH SEAL.
GOOD EXCELLENT! (But not quite as EXCELLENT! as the first.)
FAIR Worth seeing if only for the scene in which Bill & Ted play 'Battleship' with Death.
FAIR Diverting nonsense
FAIR Doesn't eclipse the original, but the dorky charm is still there ... plus it's got William Sadler's immortal turn as Death.
GOOD One of the most worthwhile sequels of recent years, maybe funnier than the original as it intelligently expands the potential for the surreal and it ties up all the loose ends managing, quite remarkably, to give pointlessness a purpose.
FAIR Silly, sophomoric and very weird. Or, in Bill and Ted's vocabulary, it's lame, scorched and egregious.
BAD So ridiculously dumb that it's difficult to be a good sport about it.
BAD Fans won't be disappointed and people who didn't like the previous film wouldn't like this one either.
GOOD Screwball comedy for older teens and adults.
GOOD This is the Coens dabbling in the mainstream, and bending it to their will.
GOOD The Coensa(TM) first mainstream romantic comedy is a superb hijacking of an ailing art form -- short, sharp and frequently laugh-out-loud hilarious.
BAD Destined to rank among the Coens' least memorable achievements.
GOOD A great movie.
FAIR A fun romp, thanks largely to the deft work of its two leads.
FAIR Despite the inconsistent script and low tone, this has many funny moments. If you can forget the negative view it takes of mankind, ita(TM)s entertaining because of the performances of Clooney, Zeta Jones, and the rest of the cast.
GOOD The Coens ... have taken a typically trite target for ridicule and splayed it out for an attack from outer space, where Coen brothers scripts tend to originate.
FAIR Half the pleasure of Intolerable Cruelty is watching the Coens play it safe
GOOD A date-movie with brain cells.
FAIR Viewers won't feel like they've been dealt with too cruelly.
BAD The operative word in this film is 'restrained.'
BAD It has some good gags, but then so did The Wedding Singer.
BAD ...it does live up to its title by being both cruel and intolerable, although not necessarily in the redeeming ways one might hope for.
FAIR Clooney, in one of his best screen turns to date, exhibits the right degree of screwball aptitude.
BAD Unlike Steve Martin's portraits of LA, "Intolerable Cruelty" doesn't find the loneliness beneath the sheen.
GOOD Darkly funny and oh-so-wicked, "Intolerable Cruelty" is quirky diversion that will appeal to fans of other Coen brothers films.
GOOD Watching Clooney and Zeta-Jones interact is suitably fun, and neither of them is exactly hard on the eyes.
BAD A pretty much paint by numbers job, but Clooney and the divine Ms. Jones have great chemistry and timing and successfully manage to wrestle the script to the ground.
FAIR A frequently hilarious screwball comedy about the battle between the sexes, which here all boils down to one thing: money.
FAIR While it's not nearly as beguiling as the Coen's last pic, the uncanny The Man Who Wasn't There, Cruelty is still a brisk hoot.
FAIR It will delight their fans with its random humor and its palate of bizarre characters.
BAD ...the movie eventually takes a dark turn that it's never quite able to recover from.
FAIR Both Clooney and Zeta-Jones are given simple lines that they deliver so deliciously that they set some sort of gold standard.
GOOD The joy of Intolerable Cruelty is in watching Clooney deconstruct his suave screen persona, that mix of Cary Grant cool and Dean Martin hip, in front of your very eyes.
FAIR Worth seeing, and more fun than the average Hollywood rom-com.
FAIR Clooney and Zeta-Jones have a level of antagonistic banter recalling the best of the Hepburn-Tracy chemistry. Now, this is what is meant by the term movie star.
BAD ...a decidedly underwhelming entry within Kubrick's increasingly spotty body of work...
GOOD By a whopping margin, this is Kubrick's most radical film and greatest dramatic gamble.
GOOD The blackest black comedy ever made by a major Hollywood studio, and one of the funniest handful of films made in English.
GOOD Because of its uncanny insight and frighteningly prescient satirical edge, Dr. Strangelove is a document of its time and also timeless. It held onto its relevancy by being bitter, cynical, and thinking absolutely the worst of people.
GOOD Dr Strangelove is one of Stanley Kubrick's many masterpieces, one of the greatest films about the Cold War and one of the greatest comedies ever made.
GOOD Black comedy Kubrick classic for smart teens+.
GOOD It's easily one of the director's best films of his somewhat controversial career.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove's status as the movie that confirmed both Stanley Kubrick's reputation and the arrival of beat-sick irreverence can no longer be retracted.
GOOD Kubrick nos presenteia com uma perola de humor negro que critica acidamente as guerras e a mediocridade dos homens por tras destas.
GOOD It's as startling today as it was then. Catch it now before it becomes too relevant to be funny again.
GOOD Sound funny? It is.
GOOD Endures as one of the finest political satires.
GOOD It still features Peter Sellers' finest three performances as well as proving that the supposedly humourless Kubrick was up for a laugh.
GOOD This landmark movie's madcap humor and terrifying suspense remain undiminished by time.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's 40-year-old satirical polital-comedy about the end of the world is especially disturbing as one ponders world events at present.
GOOD The paradigm of all end-of-the-world political thrillers and a part of the American vernacular.
GOOD Is Dr. Strangelove Kubrick's best movie? Along with Paths of Glory, absolutely.
GOOD Kubrick's great 1964 tragicomedy about superpowers on the nuclear brink continues to fascinate new generations of moviegoers, as its frequent reissues attest.
GOOD A masterpiece of satire, paranoia and straight comedy. One of the all-time classics with a great cast and many memorable moments. Sellers is magnificent.
GOOD If there never were another satire of war, you'd think this one would have single-handedly stopped the whole mad business.
GOOD Frightening, hilarious -- and indelible.
GOOD Masterful and highly original
FAIR ...still shocking in its giggly nihilism.
GOOD Masterpiece
GOOD Easily classifiable as one of the top ten films of all time.
GOOD Hysterically funny cold war satire. Peter Sellers' triple role is the crowning touch. One of Kubrick's greatest films.
GOOD The shameful, criminal wrongs depicted in this document from the past are with us today.
GOOD An absolutely hilarious and brilliant satire in which Kubrick's assured and precise direction serves, for once, to make an incredibly entertaing film as well as a smart one.
GOOD The final word on the Cold War... the defining text on a subject so overwhelmingly horrible that all you can do is laugh.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's best film. A perfect satire.
GOOD One of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD A Duck Soup for the Cold War era.
GOOD The film is always saying something, and a viewer would have to be deaf and blind not to recognize the targets of the sarcasm.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove (1964) is filled with great comic performances.
BAD A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
BAD If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
BAD The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
FAIR Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
BAD Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
BAD The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
BAD A shockingly crass grab for holiday pocket money that's both infantile and endlessly patronising.
BAD A re-hash of tired cliches and CGI effects.
BAD That the lead character is a 'male cow' complete with udders shows how confused the picture is.
FAIR A beatifully animated simple but fun plot, carries enough giggles for all age groups.
BAD The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.
BAD Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
BAD This could be the film that snaps everyone's patience with Hollywood animations which have a Dell computer chip where their heart should be.
BAD There are far better ways of keeping the kids happy.
FAIR Good voice talent and some funny moments.
BAD It's impossible to shake the impression that Barnyard was written by idiots. Why else would the male cows have udders?
BAD The design is uninteresting, the characters are bland and the story is terrible.
BAD Strictly for kids, and, as the three or four people who saw Oedekerk's previous directing effort, Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, can attest, the writer/director tends to stretch even throwaway jokes minutes past the punch line.
FAIR Ben the Cow (the voice of Sam Elliott) has to teach his carefree son Otis (Kevin James) the responsibility of leadership over the farm animals. This is far from Otis' mind, but inevitable. Barnyard is a farm version of The Lion King with eno
FAIR There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here. Barnyard may not be all that exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.
BAD Not good enough for even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should be burned for fear of mad cow disease
BAD Barnyard doesn't know if it wants to be another tiresomely 'hip' piece of post-Shrek postmodernism or a comfortably traditional kids' movie that delivers family values without the self-conscious smirk.
BAD Could cause more gender confusion than 'Transamerica.'
FAIR All the cows have udders - even the male ones. In real life, only female cows have udders. What kind of sick, alternate cow universe does this movie take place in anyway?
BAD Barnyard is a one-note premise that falls flat after about 10 minutes.
BAD "Barnyard" doesn't stink. But it's not the cream of the crop, either.
BAD The funniest joke is the one nobody talks about: the gender confusion of male cows with udders.
BAD Barnyard isn't a complete waste of time, it's just too familiar.
BAD A Lion King clone that's tailored to the Fisher-Price crowd.
BAD With shamefully obvious nods to the father/son sentimentality of traditional Disney 'toons and even an awkward love interest, Barnyard is a mishmash of modern cartoon cliches.
BAD With 'Barnyard,' the androgynous udders, as annoying as they can be, are about the only original thing to be found in the whole movie.
BAD never really amazing enough to separate it from the rest of the herd of great animation that we've seen this summer.
BAD [W]hy do the male cows have udders?.. This isn't supposed to be the animated version of TransAmerica.
BAD doesn't just violate the audience's right to entertainment, it violates animal dignity to such an extent that PETA might want to consider getting involved
BAD The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
BAD Lesbian Cows!!! Lesbian COWS!!!! Carnivorous LESBIAN COWS!!!! Aarg!
BAD There's barely enough of a story to sustain a short film, much less a feature.
BAD Forget the confusion of the he-cows that populate the film; the real problem is that Barnyard is just a lousy, lousy movie.
BAD Udderly ordinary.
BAD Nearly every joke lays an egg.
BAD your kid won't learn anything from Barnyard, but they might need 10 years of therapy after viewing the movie's fight scenes and COYOTES ATTACKING THE FARM.
BAD Laughter comes from the movie's absurdity, not its comedy.
BAD Other than confusing children, it's hard to know what the inane, tedious, mean-spirited Barnyard is trying to do.
FAIR Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches.
FAIR ...mindless entertainment in a refined style.
BAD Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs, but ... the film only works in fits and starts.
FAIR "Wild Target" has fast, quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home.
BAD When the various elements all fizzle, all we're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film.
FAIR Snappy, sarcastic, implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in. Also, how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out? If you just threw up in your mouth a little, you might wanna avoid this.
FAIR Saucy, scattershot, screwball farce.
FAIR The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars. This it does, just barely.
BAD It's never a good idea to cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man.
BAD Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never met a corny complication she didn't like, and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act.
BAD Rarely in a British comedy have so many richly talented actors laboured so long in search of a coherent plot, plausible characters and even a modicum of humour.
FAIR If not better than the French original, this re-make is equally good and equally funny.
BAD The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn.
BAD With an interesting premise and a capable cast, it's a shame the result is such a dead horse.
BAD A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way.
FAIR Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow, polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama.
FAIR There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs.
FAIR An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller.
BAD All of this busyness drains away the film's charm, turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib, hectic and sour.
BAD Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn's weapon of choice, Wild Target should have been a good fit. It's not quite.
BAD desperately unfunny
GOOD The movie's a grand, quick-witted entertainment, a throwback in the best, most welcome sense.
BAD Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one asked for.
BAD Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures, and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver.
BAD Nothing works.
BAD It's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one.
FAIR The likable and talented cast give it their all, but it's never as zany or funny as it should have been.
BAD Wild Target is a remake of a French farce, and it shows.
BAD Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles, but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction, the final showdown leaves you feeling cold.
FAIR When Wild Target works it's a lot of fun. There's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint's first film since Harry Potter 3 that didn't make me want to lob him out the window.
BAD This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp. But the solid cast at least makes it watchable, even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns.
BAD There's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and, hard as the cast may try, a powerful whiff of desperation not helped by the ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy.
BAD The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up, but it's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it.
FAIR A bizarre mixture of streetwise raunch and starry-eyed ingenuousness.
FAIR There's nothing sweet about this very strange character, Jerri, but you still can't wait to see what outrageous thing she'll do next.
FAIR In spite of its demented flavor, the movie surprisingly doesn't push the envelope the way the series did.
FAIR Amy Sedaris suits up as everyone's favorite former-prostitute/drug addict-turned-high school student in the long-awaited--and quite funny--big-screen version of the cult TV series.
FAIR Clever and undeniably peculiar, Strangers with Candy suffers from both a complete lack of focus and a terminal case of self-satisfaction.
FAIR Connoisseurs of the show likely relish the induced awkwardness and off-kilter rhythms of the piece; a good part of its appeal was the blank and baffled looks it induced in the uninitiated.
FAIR Walks a fine line of comedic self-awareness, and only on occasion loses us in a haze of condescending wit.
FAIR This plays like a 'Season One' DVD, silly moments interspersed with lots of dull plot and lame high-school send-up situations.
GOOD Like the classic comedies of Chaplin, Hawks and Woody Allen, Strangers With Candy is more than just a good subjective comedy -- it's a great objective film.
FAIR The key to its success -- at least whatever success it can muster -- is the manic work of Amy Sedaris.
FAIR Fans of the show will rejoice and a few newbies will become converts.
FAIR I laughed my gluteus maximus off while watching.
BAD Stretched to feature length, it's not consistently funny, but there are inspired moments and whipsmart lines that suggest how good the show was.
FAIR Audiences should find the film brilliant or repellent. At the most interesting moments, it's a bit of both.
FAIR The film is probably destined to be a cult success at best, since the TV program was an acquired taste and could be a little much, even when limited to 30 minutes.
FAIR The highlight is Sedaris, unflinching as she throws herself into Jerri's clueless optimism.
BAD A half-hour sketch with an hour of padding.
BAD It's a one-joke film that thinks its joke is funnier than it is and runs it into the ground, but not before getting a few laughs.
BAD Jerri up close, with her geek grin and potty mouth, is testing.
FAIR That the filmmakers struggle dragging the idea out to feature length is hardly surprising.
FAIR We get Colbert, and we get Sedaris as Jerri Blank for just a little while longer. That's enough for us.
FAIR Some things were meant to be seen in small doses or on small screens. For all its subversive perks and quirks, Strangers is one of them.
FAIR If Steve Martin was right, and "comedy is not pretty," then Amy Sedaris' Jerri Blank must be the funniest character on the planet.
BAD The series' unflagging cynicism was a dead end that now seems callow and perhaps even insincere, considering the political engagement displayed by co-creator Stephen Colbert in his new persona as a faux conservative news commentator.
FAIR The school is like none you've seen on screen before. Mary Katherine Gallagher would 'love, love, LOVE!' it, as do I.
FAIR Thanks to the comic genius of Sedaris, Strangers With Candy is a good thing -- as long as your taste buds can handle the politically incorrect aftertaste.
FAIR Sure, you may cringe, or shudder, or even wonder when your tastes became quite this puerile, but Strangers With Candy is a long-awaited treasure of ludicrousness with very few dead spots.
FAIR Flaws and all, Strangers with Candy has one invaluable thing going for it: the utterly fearless and downright brilliant comic performance of Amy Sedaris.
BAD Maybe a half-hour dose was just right, because the film's pacing is torpid and many of the jokes fall flat.
BAD It's so brilliant in places that it can make a viewer root for it, but that's not exactly the same as enjoying it, not really.
FAIR This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre, but so what? It's hilarious.
BAD Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire.
BAD The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras.
BAD I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to.
BAD Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad.
BAD It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit.
BAD [It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning.
BAD A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original.
BAD This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste.
BAD Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy.
FAIR In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time.
BAD There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status.
FAIR Its modest (if occasionally gross-out) stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines.
BAD Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits.
BAD When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire, Hell Baby's shoddy script is an unholy mystery.
FAIR The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt.
FAIR Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot, providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant's typical "immature" style.
FAIR It's genuinely funny, a condition all too rare in horror-comedies, comedies, and movies written by Lennon and Garant.
BAD Marlon Wayans' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013.
BAD For every joke that works- about ten fall flat.
FAIR It doesn't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show "The State," but funny is funny, and Hell Baby is very, very funny.
BAD A sempre presente narracao em off e um dos muitos problemas do filme - especialmente se considerarmos que o narrador e justamente um escritor mediocre.
GOOD The Fault In Our Stars could indeed become this generation's Love Story -- mildly implausible, but genuinely moving.
BAD This movie can parade its "truth" as much as it likes, but I for one don't buy it.
FAIR It handles life's big issues with honesty through its gritty lead character, Hazel. The other characters are brave and easy to empathize with.
FAIR Funnily enough, the producers of the Twilight series are behind the latest teen adaptation, but The Fault in Our Stars is a more serious take.
BAD Do the tears flow? It's hard to stop them but it's a reflex action, triggered by the tragic conjunction of cancer and the young, rather than any sense of kinship with the particular pair you've been watching on screen.
FAIR Along with its credible stars, that's enough to predict that Fault is going to find its target audience, big time.
FAIR It's essentially a two-character show: Elgort is handsome and appealing, while Woodley continues her steady progress to stardom.
FAIR Ultimately, The Fault in Our Stars overcomes those faults because of Woodley, who uses her instincts and abundant talent to depict Hazel as a fully realized young woman who's more than just the sum of her symptoms.
FAIR The Fault In Our Stars is unlikely to win over the cynics, but Woodley has a smile that lights up the screen, and you believe in her even when the film's plausibility is stretched.
FAIR The film has enough charm and humor to keep it appealing to a wide audience, and dumbing things down doesn't feel particularly smart or canny, and proves to be a minor distraction to an otherwise majorly entertaining feature.
GOOD The adaptation of John Green's best-selling young adult novel gets downright gloppy at times, even as Hazel and Augustus strive to remain brave and unsentimental. But it touched my heart and mind.
GOOD Far from the shameless emotional pummeling it might have been, this adaptation of John Green's cherished YA cancer drama finds a conduit to earned, understated tears -- a tricky accomplishment given the material.
FAIR The actors and the basic material ensure that The Fault in Our Stars remains, in its movie form, an affecting love story.
FAIR The weight of the film, however, rests squarely on Woodley's shoulders, and she does an excellent job as Hazel, balancing her sharp wit and sheer determination with the right amount of frailty and fear.
GOOD Every generation loses their heart to one great big weepie. Was it Love Story for you? Out Of Africa maybe? The Fault In Our Stars could well be the weepie of choice for this generation.
FAIR Thankfully The Fault in Our Stars presents a more nuanced and healthy manifestation of YOLO -- one that is less oriented toward reckless self-gratification and more concerned with loving others.
FAIR The movie survives its own cliche because Hazel articulates our skepticism and keeps it real.
GOOD The Fault in Our Stars is a movie that will be quoted by teens for generations to come.
FAIR Woodley, always gifted in performance, makes sure Hazel's change from numb to receptive feels natural, attuned to the logic of reality.
GOOD A positive and inspirational experience, far removed from cloying sentimentality. Hollywood might have lost touch with several genres in recent years, but on this evidence the weepie is back.
FAIR Devotees of the book may have some concerns, but for those willing to take this movie on its own terms, as what reviewers used to call a 'four-hanky weeper,' it's something of a wow.
GOOD The Fault in Our Stars is exceptionally high-quality mainstream entertainment, a genuine work of art that exists in the often maligned sub-genre of teen girl-centric melodrama.
BAD While it may not conform to one's real-life expectations it certainly hews tightly to teen-flick conventions.
BAD Based on the beloved novel by John Green, this film is so squarely slanted toward teen girls that it is likely to annoy everyone else.
FAIR Screenwriters Scott Neustadter and Michael H Weber are on hand to lend an alt-indie edge that cuts through the mawkish manipulation ...
BAD The film slowly turns into the kind of manipulative, lachrymose melodrama that Hazel herself professes to detest.
FAIR For every nauseating moment in this cancer-related weepie, there's a lovely, thought-provoking exchange of ideas.
BAD The movie will be the stuff of truth and tragedy for some; for others, crafted schmaltz with an eye on the money.
FAIR One weepie that never resorts to cheap manipulation, thanks to a wry script (based on John Green's chart-topping novel) and central performances to match ...
BAD You have to concede the laser-guided accuracy and psychotic vehemence with which it goes for the tear duct. It's like being mugged by a professional whose skills in mixed martial arts you can't help but notice and appreciate ...
BAD The recording sounds muted; the whimsical musical score oversells the jokes; and the lackluster visuals fail to match the pungency of the language.
FAIR Funciona muito bem ate o instante em que decide que abracar um romance hollywoodiano e mais importante do que respeitar a logica de sua narrativa.
BAD By the time Salvadori has finally wrapped things up and paired off his characters in a predictable fashion, many viewers may feel that these foolish and tiresome individuals deserve each other.
BAD The plot is hoary and eventually saccharine.
FAIR Generally light and frothy, the film's direction and ending is wholly predictable but Tautou helps to make the journey worthwhile.
BAD Winsome in the extreme and a bit chauvinist too.
GOOD Silly but amiable...
BAD Only Sami Bouajila, playing the bemused, overeducated handyman-in-the-middle, emerges with his dignity relatively intact.
BAD This was an opportunity for Tautou to represent a new kind of romantic anti-heroine, but nobody seemed to be interested.
FAIR It's frisky and watchable, at least until the untangling of feelings reveals there's little but contrivance keeping it afloat.
BAD The film is full of sub-Marivaux comic contrivances, ersatz Gallic charm - the kind you can squeeze from a tube - and whimsical improbability.
FAIR Fans of Tautou will enjoy watching a film that's nicely shot and quite amusing at times, but this is sadly no Amelie.
BAD The French, perhaps, like this sort of comedy of chaos a mite more than we do, but Beautiful Lies is enjoyable enough.
FAIR Watchable French romcom (or Fromcom) that doesn't quite pull off the magic of either Priceless or Heartrbeaker but succeeds thanks to an amusing script and winning performances from its three leads.
BAD The script grinds its way through sundry reversals, initial jollity giving way to plodding rigmarole.
GOOD Salvadori's small pocket of volatile life, like in any soap opera, is intoxicating to watch and voyeuristic in nature.
FAIR Undemanding if occasionally uneven stuff.
BAD Salvadori generates few laughs from this convoluted tale, whose romcom trappings sit uneasily with its lonely, troubled characters.
BAD It's actually not the first French comedy I've seen recently that just seemed not so much funny as just a bit off somehow and I really didn't enjoy this very much.
BAD I'm sure a lot of people will go along with the stupid premise of the film and enjoy it hugely. I wish I'd been able to.
BAD What a disappointment.
BAD All in all, this is an extremely forgettable film that will more than likely drift from your memory as you're watching it. Then again, what would you expect from trying to build a film out of cliches and nonsensical pieces?
BAD Even if you added a laugh track the tone is glum.
GOOD A perfectly gauged performance by Wiig holds this ramshackle comedy-drama together, as she plays a woman forced to confront everything she has always hated about herself.
BAD Sometimes dysfunction just doesn't work.
BAD There are moments to make you honestly wish it were a better movie, and that the semi-autobiographical screenplay by Michelle Morgan didn't feel so much like a first draft.
FAIR Once you get past Imogene's insufferableness, you'll find yourself rooting for her.
FAIR Incidental at best, and a touch irksome at worst.
BAD The 'exoskeleton' subplot is as clunky a metaphorical experience as you will ever endure.
BAD Ultimately, this is a comedy that shows a lot of early promise but fails to deliver.
FAIR The twinned themes of self-invention and self-loathing are redolent of Rushmore, Flirting With Disaster and Young Adult but Imogene's brand of narcissism has its own velocity.
BAD The rustle of producers' notes and test-screening cards gradually drowns out anything amusing.
BAD Much of this could be forgiven if you had even the remotest shred of sympathy for Imogene. But from beginning to end, she's the sort of character you should cross the cinema foyer to avoid.
FAIR The presence of Kristen Wiig helps salvage this lazy femme riff on the slacker comedy.
FAIR A watchable comedy enlivened by strong comic performances and likeable, offbeat characters, though Girl Most Likely settles for rough edges and quirky moments ...
FAIR Even though this comedy has a tendency to dip into cartoonish silliness, it's anchored by a razor-sharp performance by Wiig as a woman forced to confront everything she hates about herself.
BAD Wiig is always watchable and her comic timing is impeccable, but her bored expression only serves to amplify the monotony of the plot.
BAD A thin soup of weak jokes and contrived drama.
FAIR Feeling somewhat similar to the likes of Frances Ha, in that it's a self-discovery tale of a woman finding herself, this does just lack that bit of class required to completely pull it off.
FAIR Girl Most Likely is occasionally funny but it's a more formulaic film than you might expect from former documentarians.
BAD a flimsy, dreary debacle
BAD I went in search of Ocean City, and all I got was this stinking movie.
BAD By the time this movie ties up the plot threads into a false and forced finale, this Girl is most likely to disappoint.
BAD Nobody in this movie is really appealing enough to be much fun. The state of New Jersey should sue.
BAD Tepid dramedy mixes a few laughs with some heavy topics.
FAIR An odd, slightly off movie that's bound to be mistaken for a bad one, Girl Most Likely is a showcase for the superb comic talents of Kristen Wiig.
FAIR Solid performances by its talented cast barely compensate for the lack of depth in the toothless, overly simplistic screenplay.
BAD The screenplay is the biggest problem here, riddled with unconvincing details and widely vacillating between disparate tones.
BAD Girl Most Likely is a case of good actors in serious need of worthwhile material.
FAIR Expectations are high for the film, Wiig, and directors Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini (of the innovative American Splendor) -- and the result, disappointing.
BAD Another movie about a woman falling into a deep funk because some narcissistic twit dumped her.
BAD Tiny and well-intentioned but dramatically inert and sham-kooky.
BAD Wiig finds herself sadly outmatched in this comedy crammed with wacky and tacky characters-types, all of them-in which she's stuck functioning as the uptight, frustrated straight woman in the middle.
BAD It's a cliched-ridden quirky comedy that suffers from a "been there/done that" feeling that looms throughout it's running time.
BAD Kristen Wiig delivers another adorkable star turn in 'Girl Most Likely,' which works until it doesn't.
GOOD Adults will get this movie, but kids won't.
GOOD There's good on-screen chemistry, good acting, and an incredibly well written and clever ending.
BAD Bandits' most intriguing plot line, the three-way love story, merely hints at the complexity of a two-man/one-woman relationship and never moves past the initial stages of cuteness and adolescent eroticism.
FAIR comedy, a great cast, an intelligent script, but a weak ending.
FAIR As the eponymous bandits, tough-guy Willis, with his usual array of slanted smirks and horrendous hairpieces, is easily outshone by the versatile Thornton.
BAD The action-comedy could have easily been a delightful romp thanks to its A-list cast and well-written script, but poor editing causes Bandits to be just another hum-ho movie.
FAIR Thornton and Willis save the day with their performances.
FAIR It is an unexpected blend of caper, buddy flick and romantic comedy, brought to life by a skilled cast who look for all the world like they are having themselves one heckuva a blast.
FAIR Sometimes funny, sometimes boring, overall a mediocre film
FAIR Who in his right mind would fall for the woman in this movie?
FAIR Sin mayores pretensiones que la de divertir un rato, logra su cometido con creces.
FAIR ...flimsy stuff, to be sure...but it's good-natured fun and provides as many or more laughs as any straightforward comedy released in 2001.
FAIR Thornton's brilliant performance justifies a great deal of the pap on display.
BAD The reparte in Bandits is annoyingly clownish and the only inquiry you find yourself wondering about is how both leads Bruce Willis and Billy Bob Thornton manage to keep those shaggy hairpieces on their pates without the wind blowing them off!
BAD Calls its subjects heroes and ends up making a joke of them.
GOOD It's just about impossible not to fall for the ingratiating trio, especially Thornton's Terry.
FAIR This is obviously not a serious, or a believable, film. It is just very thin, light entertainment.
FAIR Without this Billy Bob Thornton and Cate Blanchett, it would be difficult to imagine this caper being such a spirited screwball romp.
BAD How can I say this without being a heartless bastard? BANDITS absolutely sucked.
FAIR Three enjoyable performances are enough to place it on the map.
FAIR It's still funny, but the flabby bits in-between the comic set-pieces and character-driven scenes are, quite frankly, an annoyance.
FAIR Star power and chemistry save this one from complete disaster, but actors alone can't turn a mediocre script into a fantastic film.
BAD A comedy with a weird identity crisis.
BAD the movie's only consistency is its maddening unevenness
BAD What started as cute becomes cloying and bloated.
BAD Somewhere within the scattershot confines of Barry Levinson's Bandits lies a halfway decent movie struggling to get out.
FAIR The mix of comedy and action is smooth and utterly enjoyable.
GOOD The movie is really about the conversations and throwaway repartee, deftly directed by Barry Levinson ("Diner") and impeccably delivered by the cast.
BAD Neither as thrilling as it could have been, nor as funny, Bandits is instead genial and inoffensive emotional slapstick.
BAD How appropriate is that title for a movie that stole two hours of my life?
FAIR Takes a conventional setup and gives the characters and performances so much life that they prove to be anything but commonplace.
GOOD ...crafted so effectively and concisely that, yes, it probably succeeds "Shrek" as the best comedy of the year.
BAD More anti-human than Antichrist, Matthew Kowalchuck's beyond-black comedy Lawrence & Holloman asks us to revel in the largely-unsuccessful emotional torture of a jerk by a sociopath. And they said cinema had run out of heroes.
BAD Convoluted erotic thriller, not for kids.
FAIR [It's got] Neve Campbell and Denise Richards making out, all the plot twists and double-crossing of a James Ellroy novel, Neve Campbell and Denise Richards having a catfight in a swimming pool and Bill Murray as a sleazy neck-brace-wearing lawyer.
GOOD I heartily recommend Wild Things for its fits of teasing and eroticism (rare in American cinema) and for Bill Murray who has a great role as Lombardo's attorney.
FAIR Wild Things plays like a long Twilight Zone episode with a thick Everglades breeze to it. READ ON (DVD)->
FAIR One of those films for which the phrase 'guilty pleasure' was invented.
BAD Aging sexpot Theresa Russell gets the most Skinemax-worthy moment in a picture that purports to humour jailbait fiends
BAD Call it gratuitous annoyance.
BAD ...even though the action is spiced up with kinky sex, a quick flash of male frontal nudity and long, lingering shots of voluptuous girls in skimpy clothes, there's a peculiar lifelessness about the whole affair.
FAIR Personally, even though I think that the film's too twisted to be believable, I enjoyed it.
BAD This tale of revenge does manage to sidestep cliches and predictability found in this genre, but it goes too far out of the lines to be appreciated.
GOOD Wild Things is a cut above most of the other recent film noir knockoffs, mainly because director John McNaughton has an unmistakable talent for the tawdry.
FAIR Making good sleaze is more difficult than you would expect.
FAIR On its own terms, it works; that is, each ending is well thought-out and vaguely logical.
GOOD Bacon, Campbell, Murray and Dillon are all fun to watch in this film.
FAIR A quirky little noirish tale of sex, greed and mystery.
BAD A Grade C-Skinemax-Two-in-the-Morning-Nothing-Better-to-Watch flick that tries so hard to be a suspense film full of plot twists.
BAD Wild Things gets into trouble when it aspires to be more than a sex exploitation movie.
BAD It is my dreary duty to report that Wild Things ... lacks fantasy and flamboyance, that it lacks, precisely, wild things, and that most of it is just flat.
FAIR It never tries to pass itself off as art, just pure vulgar entertainment.
BAD Laughably bad.
BAD If Hollywood is going to insist on making awful films, the least it could do is make them as wonderfully, hilariously awful as Wild Things.
FAIR The movie is a lot like a jigsaw puzzle in which all the pieces fit, but you don't know exactly what you're looking at until the very last piece is in place.
GOOD Wild Things is a strange sort of hybrid of a movie, and it's not unlike a very long, somewhat jumbled joke. Great punchline, though.
FAIR It's like a three-way collision between a softcore sex film, a soap opera and a B-grade noir. I liked it.
GOOD Sure it's an exploitation movie, but this twisted Technicolor orgy is also a thriller in the original sense of that word.
GOOD Lucky John McNaughton. Best known for the harder-edged Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer and Mad Dog and Glory," he hits the 90210 jackpot with a slick, steamy tale of nonstop treachery...
BAD The script by Stephen Peters exploits one twist after another, until they seem as manipulative as Richards' wet T-shirt.
FAIR Moderately entertaining trash that turns crafty in the last reel when it is finally called on to explain itself.
GOOD Aaron Spelling meets Joe Eszterhas!
FAIR A film you enjoy or you don't. There's no middle ground.
FAIR ...clever and amusing...
FAIR The expression 'cheap thrills' fits this movie perfectly. That's the only reason to see it. But if you're in the mood, that can be a pretty good reason.
FAIR The most guilt-inducing guilty pleasure movie that I have ever watched.
GOOD A fun movie about a community of people with larceny in their hearts, which delivers humor, some whodunit mystery, and quite a few samples of good-old trashy dialogue.
FAIR Brainless and trashy in the extreme, it's also the most canny fun to be had in a while, if you're partial to a swampside Cheez-Whiz nosh.
FAIR Director John McNaughton has some sly fun with the noir genre in this sex-drenched tale of two young vixens (Neve Campbell and Denise Richards) who accuse their high school guidance counselor (Matt Dillon) of rape and begin unwinding plots within plots.
BAD I've seen more convincing drama (with nearly as much bare flesh) on that pinnacle of narrative quality, Baywatch.
BAD The farce is forced, the gags grate and the standard of playing varies wildly.
BAD An amateurish, painfully unfunny misfire.
BAD A poorly made, badly acted, lazily written and painfully laugh-free attempt at a farce that's only getting a release to cash in on the presence of TV star Miranda Hart.
BAD Refunds are inevitable.
BAD [An] abysmally made, catastrophically clunky attempt at comedy ...
GOOD One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade.
FAIR Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film, sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies, and it never tries to preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience.
FAIR A jovial, half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke.
FAIR A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they don't go in with any major expectations.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn, and the film hits more often than it misses.
BAD The script is all beginning, with no middle and no end -- the action simply stops, and the credits roll.
GOOD a near-perfect popcorn movie. See it, love it, then move right along, folks.
BAD An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi's Honor for morons.
BAD ...the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly.
BAD une bonne excuse pour se mettre a l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures, mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant a long terme.
FAIR There's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy.
FAIR [E]xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FAIR If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets, it will strike a chord.
FAIR ...it's a romantic comedy with a body count.
FAIR While the ending gets way too noisy, the movie is quite enjoyable.
FAIR There is clearly some intentional satire here, but there's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not enough to what little substance there is.
BAD The movie is best when it's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living, and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself.
BAD Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts. It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
FAIR A lark, a loud, good-looking, escapist, pointless laugh of a film that's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters.
BAD If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage.
BAD They're hot, they're married, and they're trying to kill each other.
FAIR It's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg's script that you never give the movie's central coincidence a second thought.
FAIR Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone.
BAD Part of the problem is the script's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness.
FAIR A film with enough snap, crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours.
BAD Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre, Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long.
BAD It was precisely at the 70-minute mark, where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach, that I figured, no. Stop hoping.
FAIR Complaints about character triviality aside, if you're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade.
BAD Should have been funnier, or at least not played the dramatic irony card so soon...lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry.
BAD The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view. It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
BAD The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
BAD I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
BAD No matter that the film felt lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
BAD There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
BAD For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
BAD A dog's breakfast.
BAD The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
BAD This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
BAD Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
BAD It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
BAD Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
BAD Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
BAD If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
BAD Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
BAD Not even an exceedingly cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
BAD The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
BAD The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
FAIR For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
BAD The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
BAD Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
BAD Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
BAD A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
BAD Why wait so long for a sequel? It's not like the writers spent nine years polishing the script to perfection. (Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
BAD Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
BAD You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all. Nothing new here.
BAD Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
BAD Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
BAD A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
FAIR Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
BAD even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take is intrinsically funny
BAD A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
BAD Why isn't there a group that protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs? Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
BAD This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it. Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
BAD Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
BAD [The] we-are-the-world inclusiveness comes across like shameless pandering-a blatant effort to secure as much global financing as possible.
BAD It may be the worst romantic comedy I have ever seen, and this is not hyperbole.
BAD The story and the circumstances are goofy enough to have been taken from an episode of "Three's Company."
BAD What wants to be a screwball comedy is run over by preposterous character motivation and a clunky plot.
BAD More dippy than romantic or funny.
BAD Pretty actors and pretty Paris locations don't rescue this limp collection of weary Euro-nationalist stereotypes and the lame situations the story puts them in
BAD The film turns the miscommunication between cultures into an utterly lifeless romantic comedy best appreciated as a travel guide for first-time tourists to Paris.
GOOD In these times when all risk is assumed by CGI effects, Keaton's squealing funny, exquisitely timed, death-defying leaps are all the more breathtaking.
GOOD The film boasts the most sustained passages of virtuoso slapstick genius Keaton ever shot, and an unflagging momentum that lets it get away with being a reel longer than most of his best-known pictures.
GOOD A hilarious comedy and a thrilling action film. The General has it all.
GOOD This is a silent film worth making a noise about.
GOOD A jaw-plunging blend of physical dexterity and bravura moviemaking.
GOOD Silent masterpiece is enter-train-ment for all ages.
GOOD he General is the highlight of his career's tragicomic performances, featuring not just the awe-inspiring stunts that were his bread and butter, but also a level of fluidity only he and Chaplin attained at the top of their games.
GOOD Keaton proves as endlessly clever and athletic as his screen surrogates...chock-full of hilarious sight gags, including bits of business that incorporate moving trains, cow-catchers, a bear (and bear trap), and a misbehaving cannon. [Blu-ray]
GOOD The General isn't likely to be the favorite opus of the star's purist fans, but it's the one with the trappings of ambition and historical poesy
GOOD Spectacular chases, fires and explosions are captured with fluid camerawork. There are no stunt doubles for Keaton and of course no digital effects.
GOOD The birth of slapstick.
GOOD Amongst the greatest of all silent comedies, The General isn't just important, it's bloody hilarious.
GOOD One of the greatest comedies ever produced. It is Keaton at his inventive best.
GOOD Silent classic is one of Keaton's best
GOOD Keaton's genius has never found more perfect expression.
BAD Vastly overrated; moderately charming but I think I laughed once.
GOOD Perfection.
GOOD Keaton at the top of his form.
GOOD Keaton's most ambitious and one of his most rewarding.
GOOD Its peerless mixture of exciting action and kinetic comedy are one of moviedom's supreme pleasures.
GOOD One of the greatest films of the silent era.
GOOD Newcomers will doubtless be surprised at the excellent pacing of the action.
GOOD Ranks among the greatest movies ever made.
GOOD The General is inarguably Keaton's most stirring movie, if not his greatest.
GOOD There's no point sitting on the fence on this one. Buster Keaton's The General is a work of genius.
GOOD [Keaton's films] have such a graceful perfection, such a meshing of story, character and episode, that they unfold like music.
BAD It's rare to witness a film with such a profound disconnect between the director's intention and the final product. It's clear Coppola is striving for some kind of meaningful sublime statement but in reality he has created an interminably vacuous picture.
BAD The what-the-heck-was-that? novelty wears off with astonishing speed once it sinks in that none of this is going anywhere.
BAD a Walter Mitty approach to justify the decadent and pathetic life of Charlie Sheen
BAD When the subtlest part of your film is Charlie Sheen's performance, you've got a problem.
BAD It's a nearly perfect apology for the existence of Sheen2013, packaging him as a man out of time, born too late to be the kind of louche, decadent figure he'd easily get away with being 40 years ago.
BAD It allows moviegoers the dubious pleasure of experiencing what a film by the late Bob Fosse might have been like if only Fosse had been a moron.
BAD The audience finds out just how long 84 minutes can be. The answer: really long.
BAD Do we sympathize with Swann? Not remotely. Do we find his friends interesting? Not at all.
BAD Perhaps the best thing that can be said about the film is that it adequately depicts the narcissism of its star ...
BAD The guys play victims and lament the poor condition of being horny guys whose significant others won't just be happy with men who make no effort at all.
BAD A film is a terrible thing to waste.
BAD Proves two things - that Charlie Sheen is a better actor than his public persona and stint on Two and a Half Men may have led you to believe and that he needs to find a character to prove that instead of this riff on his real-life drama.
BAD A movie that doesn't really seem to have any reason to exist, other than maybe to give writer and director Roman Coppola and star Charlie Sheen something to do for a few weeks.
BAD Sheen's '70s-set comedy is a jumbled, sex-filled mess.
FAIR The film reveals a depth and weight to the Charlie Sheen archetype that we haven't experienced before.
BAD Sort of like Bob Fosse's "All That Jazz'' minus the music, the wit and the insight, not to mention Roy Scheider's brilliant performance.
BAD A campy riff on 8 1/2 that doesn't really work, despite a cool visual style, and game performances from Sheen and Murray.
BAD A noodling indulgence that's alternately freewheeling and dead in the water.
BAD At best it is a mildly diverting goof with a charmless lead performance. Its underlying misogyny leaves a sour taste.
BAD From its puffed-up title to the way the cast playfully bows to us at the end, "Swan" is so eager to be a trippy comic lark that it ends up resembling a clown trying to fit through a pea-shooter.
BAD Charlie Sheen proves he still has something to contribute, but like us, he's defenceless against Roman Coppola's inchoate script.
BAD A precious, arid thing, Glimpse arrives pinned to Styrofoam like a prize arthropod.
BAD If Sheen brings any presence to the screen, it's geriatric.
BAD Father of Invention is not without its comic moments. Unfortunately, they take place during the end credits.
BAD For all its eagerness to please, you'd think Father of Invention could come up with at least one sister of independence.
BAD Highly predictable...
BAD Like Graham and Madsen, Spacey too often gets lost in smaller projects that aren't worthy of his talents. He, and his costars, deserve a more inventive movie than this one.
BAD A floundering comedy with banal messages about putting family first.
BAD The screenplay, by Mr. Cooper and Jonathan D. Krane, is so sketchy that it feels like a hastily executed first draft.
BAD The film promises a nasty little satire for a while but finally goes soft and self-pitying.
BAD Wears its convictions about deception, creativity, and the importance of being a really good daddy on its shopworn sleeves.
BAD The way the film hews to tiresome conventions is itself a buzzkill, but worse is its sheer lack of energy[.]
BAD Various catastrophes ensue, although hilarity does not.
GOOD Wet yourself funny. Just priceless.
GOOD An irresistable charmer.
BAD A clean S&M flick which only devotees of mental cruelty are likely to find satisfying. Office Space, Japanese Style!
GOOD a bravura performance in a memorable film.
GOOD The best office comedy since Office Space.
FAIR One of the screen's most cuttingly funny looks at office life.
FAIR ... subtly sexual and erotic, despite the fact that every scene takes place in the office and there is not a single overt sexual act or word or gesture or reference.
GOOD A shrewd but spiky satire about corporate bureaucracy and Japanese social stratification.
FAIR The film is more ambiguous about its characters' desire than it needs to be.
FAIR Moves swiftly and builds to a satisfying conclusion.
GOOD Astutely directed by Alain Corneau.
FAIR Harrowing and hilarious.
GOOD Strange and darkly funny culture-clash comedy.
GOOD From its snarky water-cooler comedy to its satisfying dabblings in feminism, the movie has a championship heart in Testud, an electric screen presence any audience will follow as willingly as the camera tracks her marvelously expressive features.
GOOD A smart, funny tale of thwarted dreams and impossible humiliation.
FAIR One of the film's pleasures is its unanswered mysteries.
FAIR A sleek and sublimely deadpan comedy of Japanese corporate manners.
GOOD Hilarious from first frame to last.
FAIR A marvelous cross between Secretary and Lost in Translation.
GOOD Alain Corneau's psychodrama is the latest movie to explore (and to exploit) Western fascination with Japan.
GOOD A fascinating French film set in Japan about power in the workplace and the yearning that fuels a cross-cultural experience.
FAIR Its cultural baggage is sketchy, but the film remains a funny, depressingly honest look at the soul-sucking drudgery of the corporate workspace.
FAIR Offers a fascinating take on the intricate office politics and hierarchical system of honour and duty that pervades the Japanese corporate landscape.
FAIR Until it tries to mean something, Straight-Jacket is an enjoyably manic little farce whose wit far exceeds its production budget.
BAD At its best when it's sending up '50s-era Hollywood and it's at its worst when trying to make a serious point.
BAD It's a shame, then, that Straight-Jacket turns dour and melodramatic ... The light-hearted fun seeps out of the movie, replaced by trite interludes of coming-out angst, McCarthy-era persecution and even gay-bashing.
BAD The perkiness with a capital P, gorgeous set and great color can't completely salvage an occasionally strong cast and middling story (and don't forget a lousy, if literal, title).
FAIR Movies can never again be so corny, campy and PC clumsy as some of the howlers of the 1950s and '60s. But Straight-Jacket has a spiffy and gay (both senses) time joining the party.
BAD It has verve, color and energy, but there's something fundamentally bogus about it, and whenever it takes a turn into seriousness, entire moments fall apart.
FAIR Day's pyrotechnic dialogue and instinctive comic timing make Straight-Jacket a delight.
BAD This featherweight spoof of closeted, Red-baiting Hollywood in the mid-1950's is played as such an exaggerated cartoon that its political outrage is dissipated by its stridency.
BAD Though its heart is in the right place, everything gets tangled up in the film's lunacy.
BAD Save your money and rent one of those old Hudson-Doris Day comedies instead.
BAD Whatever pleasures it holds, Straight-Jacket is highly uneven.
FAIR This clever confection adopts the genre conventions of the era's madcap romantic comedies and, later, melodramas for its tale about barely closeted movie star Guy Stone.
FAIR A campy, fun, old-fashioned romp that's just a bit light in the loafers.
GOOD This obvious take on the life of Hollywood movie star Rock Hudson contains that same hard edged humor I came to love in Girls Will Be Girls.
FAIR It was infectious in a strange way, but after about an hour of this it begins to drag a bit. The movie ends up not going anywhere.
BAD Lacking compelling characters, this comedy never fully works as a cohesive whole.
FAIR Jeff, Who Lives at Home offers escapism of a different kind, an entertaining reminder that good people sometimes prevail, and that living by your own Yoda logic in your own universe may not be such a bad thing.
FAIR An enjoyable indie dramedy with a number of engaging moments and a solid performance from Jason Segel but not nearly as deep as the ideals that fuel Jeff's character.
FAIR At 84 minutes it feels remarkably like an extended episode of a good sitcom.
FAIR ...sweet, warmhearted, meandering, slow, and most often humorous.
FAIR The fourth feature from Jay and Mark Duplass is the least impressive of their canon, despite it being sweet and slight and slim in all the right ways.
GOOD This brilliantly acted film is another home run for The Brothers Duplass; life affirming and sure to put a spring in your step.
FAIR A charming film with wonderful performances from Helms and Segal.
GOOD Quirkily perfect in a low-key way.
FAIR Short but bittersweet and gently amusing, it's hard to really dislike this film - but, like its characters, it's also hard to really warm to it.
FAIR The entire action of the film, right up to its final revelation, could be played as a dead straight, emotionally choked drama of the cosmic supernatural.
BAD A squandering of space, time and actor/part-time screenwriter Jason Segel, last seen revivifying the Muppets.
FAIR Cool cast, hip directors, but a movie that's less than the sum of both. Like its title character, Jeff is gentle, warm but a little forgettable.
FAIR Odd, sweet and languid, but little to get your teeth into.
GOOD Consistently amusing and surprisingly thoughtful, this is an enjoyable, emotionally engaging character comedy with a strong script and superb performances from Segel and Helms.
BAD Nothing much happens until a preposterously contrived and melodramatic climax.
FAIR Dyed-in-the-wool mumblecore fans will accuse the brothers of selling out...but for the rest of us it's sweet and - ultimately - rather moving.
FAIR Big on artistic ambition, and microscopic in point, at least it offers an alternative to Hollywood's mainstream overworked, and overfamiliar fictions.
FAIR Don't even see this movie unless you've seen the M. Night Shyamalan film 'Signs.' And then see it only if you really like 'Signs.' Otherwise, 'Jeff, Who Lives at Home,' may not mean much to you.
FAIR A film that shares the main qualities of its hero: it's hard to dislike, but it doesn't get much done.
GOOD ... galumphs along from one episode to the next with a somehow lovable sense of ramshackle inevitability.
FAIR There's undoubtedly comedy mileage in an irreverent sending up of the Signs/Magnolia school of everything-is-connected philosophy. Despite the calibre of the cast, the Duplass brothers mostly fail to find it.
GOOD I liked everything about this film except for the ending. I loved that part.
GOOD This is writers/directors Jay and Mark Duplass first shot at something mainstream. This clever, and quite funny character study is still a little south of the goal.
FAIR Absurdist chronicle of a cosmic incident in the drab life of a slacker/stoner
GOOD Jeff, Who Lives at Home takes the Duplass Brothers' art to a new, deeper place. Credit the cast or the characters tripping through well-worn situations and relationships, but this is far and away their best movie.
FAIR Funny dialogue and an unpredictable arc from the Duplass brothers
FAIR The movie's very thoughtful nature -- and its message of being open to the ebb and flow of life -- makes it an overall pleasant and hopeful experience.
GOOD There is warmth in 'Jeff, Who Lives at Home' that was missing in the Duplass' earlier films.
FAIR Everyone asks for a sign every now and then, let this be yours to see an original film that will be worth the ticket price.
FAIR Jeff, Who Lives at Home doesn't possess a ton of substance, but what it does have is the power to make you leave the theater with a smile on your face.
FAIR "Jeff, Who Lives at Home" is a true family comedy with a truly dysfunctional family.
FAIR ...quiet, dreamy and full of possibility. In fact, the possibility of possibility is what the movie is all about.
BAD It's short of that essential added spectacle, the visceral, tumultuous event that really shakes up the characters and creates a journey worth taking.
FAIR I SO want to love "Jeff, Who Lives at Home," but this dude is too often stuck in the creative basement.
FAIR A bloody, gruesome black comedy that's not for kids.
GOOD Mary Harron asks what's more unnerving - exaggerated, imagined violence or vacuous realities some wish to be real, psychosis as much in the construct as the character. Thus, "Psycho's" savagery goes beyond a simple screed against 1980s excess and greed.
FAIR Harron' s incisive eye and Bale' s bravura performance carry the day.
GOOD American Pyscho is one of those films that makes you laugh uncomfortably throughout and you just walk away feeling disgusted. The flick is definitely an underrated masterpiece.
GOOD One can picture Kubrick handling this material with a similar elegant malevolence.
BAD The real shame about Psycho is that there are glimmers of the very smart satire that could've been.
BAD Despite a game performance from Christian Bale, American Psycho never quite achieves lift-off.
GOOD It's smart, frightening and funny.
BAD Comes across as cold to the core, as if untouched by human hands.
GOOD This is one of these films that you either love or hate. I loved it.
FAIR Funny-one-minute, horrifying-the-next film.
BAD When not bludgeoning a business rival with an ax, well-heeled killer Patrick Bateman bludgeons the audience with the film's messages.
GOOD Really brilliant in the way it takes the viewer inside Bateman's world.
GOOD A diretora Mary Harron desempenha admiravelmente bem seu papel, criando um encadeamento logico que, analisado em retrospecto, expoe a linha de raciocinio de Bateman.
FAIR A well-crafted yet essentially innocuous period piece.
GOOD Director Mary Harron takes a theatre of the absurd approach to the controversial best-seller.
GOOD Brett Easton Ellis' controversial and violent novel American Psycho is about as black as comedy gets, and Harron captures the tone and themes perfectly here, highlighting the vacuousness of 80s consumerism without pulling any punches at all.
GOOD An uneven movie that nonetheless bristles with stinging wit and exerts a perverse fascination.
FAIR If all of Ellis's characters more or less stay the same, Harron's film suggests that, like the '80s, Bateman to shall pass.
GOOD The best monster movie in years.
BAD Sex, drugs and sadistic homicide mark disappointing Sundance buzz-maker.
GOOD Una de las mas comentadas, ingeniosas e inteligentes peliculas del ano
FAIR a potentially sensationalistic film that has become--for lack of a better word--boring.
BAD Whipping up the energy to dislike it seems entirely disproportionate to how trivial and disposable the product is.
FAIR Martin Lawrence amuses in raunchy comedy.
BAD Lawrence relies on his usual act as the hip black guy surrounded by square white men.
FAIR The first 23 minutes of Black Knight (yes, I timed it) are easily the most effective...
BAD crap
BAD ...there's not a lot in it that will offend anyone...unless you count dull, boring, and unoriginal as offensive.
BAD ...is about as hilarious as skinny-dipping in an alligator-infested moat.
BAD Martin Lawrence can be hysterically funny. You'd never guess that from watching the remarkably wasteful endeavor.
BAD A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.
BAD This is the kind of role Lawrence can phone in, and that is exactly what he has done.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie. One's a lot longer than the other.
BAD A time-travel comedy that doesn't go anywhere we haven't been before.
BAD There's precious little to like about the witless and decidedly tedious Black Knight.
BAD The latest in a string of mediocre-to-bad films that have latched onto Lawrence's name as their sole marketable commodity.
BAD A sort-of Wizard of Oz for halfwits.
BAD An instantly forgettable and disposable affair.
BAD This is paint-by-numbers filmmaking.
BAD Honestly, I think I was sick of it after the second TV commercial, never mind the film itself.
GOOD Slight but highly enjoyable.
FAIR This is Lawrence's show, his chance to demonstrate his comic nimbleness and appeal. He runs with it.
BAD Plays like a tepid pilot for a TV sitcom.
BAD The filmmakers ... seem to have been inspired mainly by contempt for the audience: everything about their work feels lazy and slapdash.
GOOD A rip-roaring time-travel comedy tailored beautifully to Martin Lawrence's protean talent.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube. He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks. He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not just go back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged. But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
BAD "(It) could have been and probably should have been more accurately titled 'Jokes about Elderly Aches, Pains and Complaints: The Movie.'"
BAD Five Oscar-winning actors working for a paycheck on a film that lacks a genuinely funny backbone.
FAIR It's Old Men Gone Mild in this ultra-predictable, decently funny mashing of The Hangover and The Bucket List.
FAIR Jon Turteltaub's ''old men behaving badly'' romp does more than merely pander to expectation. Beyond the noise of the strip lies a buddy comedy with heart.
BAD No surprise to see Robert De Niro here. Write him a big enough cheque and he'll do the school play of your choice.
BAD The mild misadventures and late-life epiphanies don't so much suggest a Geritol 'Hangover' as an all-male special episode of 'The Golden Girls.'
BAD Last Vegas is double AND nothing. It wins big with Freeman's cool and Kline's surgeon-like timing and flails miserably with everything associated with relationship between Douglas and DeNiro.
FAIR De Niro, Douglas, Freeman and Kline set about Last Vegas with the panache of a lifetime's experience.
GOOD [Michael] Douglas's ability to laugh at himself by proposing at a funeral is priceless ( ... ) the film succeeds mostly through the warmth of its camaraderie overpowering the adult tone of its humour.
BAD The one ray of sunshine: surely anything with the word "Last" in the title is incapable of spawning a sequel?
BAD Far from being liberating, the film ends up swinging two fingers towards the retirement home.
FAIR You may be able to tap out every beat of the story before it's been played, but you'll go along with it because of so much star charisma and a heady party atmosphere.
BAD I will concede that there were 3 scenes which pulled something between a chortle and a guffaw from me, but by that time they came along, my face had already set into such a stony grimace that smiling genuinely hurt.
BAD The picture lacks big laughs and a compelling story and doesn't have much to stay about getting older.
FAIR As on-screen noses are wrinkled at the one bikini-clad partygoer approaching the leads' advanced years, one starts to feel the toes curl, or possibly empathetic rigor mortis setting in.
BAD The Hangover with a hangover.
FAIR An almost ridiculously strong cast and a witty script by the writer of Crazy Stupid Love make this silly film a lot more entertaining than it should be.
BAD A lost weekend that's unlikely to linger long in the memory.
FAIR Watchable comedy enlivened by likeable performances from all four leads, but it's neither as emotionally engaging nor as laugh-out-loud funny as it thinks it is, and the script is entirely predictable.
BAD Given the colourful screen histories this cast invoke, their joint outing feels laden with pure, Viagra-defying anticlimax.
FAIR t's an unsurprising but well-paced, genuinely funny and often moving comedy.
FAIR What sounds like a hangover of The Hangover is actually pretty money.
FAIR Those keen to see four princes of 80s cinema going through the motions will find their Last Vegas gamble pays off in minor ways.
FAIR While it's as tacky and obvious as Sin City itself, this comedy is watchable thanks to a lively pace and spirited turns from Kline and Steenburgen. An unabashed old-timers' fantasy.
FAIR Despite its raunchy setting, this is easy-going, forgettable stuff that washes over you like an episode of Last Of The Summer Wine.
FAIR Life is too short to watch a movie like this one, much less make it.
BAD No one particularly needs to try hard here, but it's little surprise [Mary] Steenburgen's actual work steals the show.
BAD Bland, completely accessible and unworthy of its talented troupe, 'Last Vegas' is just about what you'd expect. If all you need for entertainment is this stellar cast in a mundane script, you'll have a great time.
BAD ...a meaningless vanity project that squanders the abilities of its very talented stars.
GOOD Each character is perfectly cast. These actors are masters at the tops of their game, with over 200 years of experience between them.
BAD In Last Vegas, Las Vegas casts a glimmer, but the one who shines is Steenburgen.
BAD It has all the depth of a 105-minute Jay Leno routine on growing old.
FAIR Movie about "old" friends has heart and hilarity.
BAD As the cast runs a gauntlet of geriatric jokes, most of the chuckles feel churned from cheap sitcom stock.
BAD What else are you going to do, nap? Well, this is just like that, only with pictures.
BAD Even the jokes have bunions.
GOOD Van Dyke's energy is prodigious (especially when he leaps around with a gang of sooty chimney-sweeps on the London rooftops) and the songs are classics.
GOOD Van Dyke (exaggerated Cockney accent and all) and Andrews have great chemistry together, but it's really her interaction with the children and the magic of the story and the visual effects that charm audiences.
GOOD One of the great movie musicals and of that rare breed of deathless family entertainment that's guaranteed to transfix children, well beyond this, its fiftieth anniversary. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Whether the movie's message is Travers-approved or not, the emphasis on joy and empathy proves heartening, even today.
FAIR The entire set was constructed indoors and it shows: the "outdoor" scenes are bathed in a dull gray light
GOOD World's coolest nanny celebrates family and fun.
GOOD One of the best films ever produced by Disney, indeed one of the best American films of the 1960s... a fantasy of the most delicate touch and charming disposition.
FAIR With all the subtlety of Battleship Potemkin, a queue full of sour-faced old school nannies is shown blowing away into thin air to make way for the embodiment of modern female assertiveness.
GOOD Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.
GOOD One of the greatest children's films ever.
GOOD One of Disney's greats.
GOOD Practically perfect in every way.
FAIR Classic Disney at his most lavish.
GOOD At her most startlingly beautiful here, Julie Andrews does not play the chipper, loving nanny people might expect or remember. She carefully layers a distantly dangerous and even spooky side to her character.
GOOD Mary Poppins is definitely worth popping for. (40th Anniversary Edition)
GOOD The message is clear: Everyone should take care of their jobs and responsibilities, but have fun as well.
GOOD Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.
GOOD Sophisticated yet wide open to its audience, with exciting dance sequences and inviting performances.
GOOD A lot of fun -- for kids and adults, alike.
FAIR Mixed bag of great sequences and cutesy overkill.
GOOD There are few things in this world as sublime as watching Dick Van Dyke dance with penguins.
FAIR A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.
GOOD Classic Disney musical
GOOD Effortlessly charming. It's a true family classic.
GOOD Disney had done a magnificent job of adapting the PL Travers character to the screen, using cinematic effects to the full in creating an enchanting story.
FAIR If you've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks, chances are you'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers.
GOOD Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and, once all the blood has been spilt, offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain.
GOOD ... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre.
FAIR I doubt that anyone who isn't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it.
BAD By the time the action-packed, thoroughly tedious climax rolls around, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions...
BAD This goofy, over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity.
FAIR Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other, but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace, on both sides, are hot coeds.
FAIR Film fans who believe there's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks (a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person) will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here.
GOOD Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat. There's nothing flat about this clever genre flick. For the right audience, it's pretty great.
FAIR The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior.
FAIR Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully "Tucker and Dale" works its way through upended cliches.
FAIR One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream.
GOOD a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the cliches of its genre with a buoyant impudence. And blood. A whole lot of blood.
GOOD Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ...
FAIR While it's not quite a home run, there's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. It's got its heart in the right place, and hey, it's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario!
GOOD From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going, the smiling starts
FAIR This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes.
GOOD It's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor, heart and guts.
GOOD The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it, allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace.
FAIR There's even a message under all the body parts: People are individuals, not just easy regional stereotypes.
BAD Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence.
GOOD We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other.
FAIR It's not as clever as, say, "Shaun of the Dead," but it's good for some laughs.
FAIR Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect.
FAIR It thrives on Tucker and Dale's winning personalities, and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine, veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here.
GOOD A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along.
FAIR Relying mostly on a single gimmick, the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors. Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous.
FAIR It's fast, it's funny, and it works.
BAD Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions.
FAIR A farce of misunderstanding first, body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance.
FAIR a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy
FAIR Hillbillies of the world unite!
FAIR If you're seeing this as the midnight movie it's destined to best be experienced as, you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark...
FAIR Jean Harlow shines in her penultimate film.
BAD Uh, no.
BAD Fundamentally lame.
BAD Put it out of it's misery
FAIR If you liked ...London for its wit, chances are this one will fall flat for you as it did for me.
BAD O terror cede lugar ao pastelao.
BAD The computer animation of the monsters here is a herky-jerky cartoon blur that is anything but scary.
GOOD Kelly's delight - not in his own movements, but in the sheer joy of being able to move - is contagious.
GOOD It's tough to fight the consensus that this is the greatest movie musical of all time (although, to be honest, I would place it second, just a hair below Top Hat), but what's often lost in the praise is that this also qualifies as a great comedy.
GOOD Often considered the finest musical of all time.
GOOD For humour and sheer energy, no musical betters Singin' In The Rain.
GOOD The greatest musical ever!! A movie everyone should see over and over again. If it doesn't touch you, check your pulse.
GOOD A big beautiful film! You can watch it 1000 times and still giggle!
FAIR False picture of early talkie era is not nearly as good as its reputation.
GOOD Hollywood's best musical
GOOD Compounded generously of music, dance, color, spectacle and a riotous abundance of Gene Kelly, Jean Hagen and Donald O'Connor on the screen, all elements in this rainbow program are carefuly contrived and guaranteed to...put you in a buttercup mood.
GOOD Watching Singin' in the Rain is an exuberant, magical experience -- a journey deep into the heart of feel-good territory.
GOOD A rare musical whose story -- scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green -- is just as good as the songs.
GOOD It is an improbable masterpiece; a film where everything just has that indistinguishable quality of fitting together.
GOOD Sure, we respect An American in Paris. But we truly love Singin' in the Rain.
GOOD The restored version of the 1952 classic musical will have you dancing in your seat, whistling along, and wishing for rain.
GOOD The best example of Hollywood's golden age of musicals, it is being released on an eye-popping new DVD that literally explodes with color.
GOOD ..light, frothy, and charming, a complete delight from beginning to end.
GOOD Alternately funny and hilarious
GOOD There is no way anyone anywhere won't love Singin' in the Rain!
GOOD Asked to name the top ten moments in the history of movies, most people would include the title number from this movie, in which Gene Kelly splashes and sings in the rain with what Roger Ebert called 'saturated ecstasy.'
GOOD There is a wonderful cynicism throughout Singin' in the Rain, with everybody either kidding themselves or pretending to be something they are not.
GOOD One of the highpoints of hoofin' history but, more importantly, an unadulterated joy.
GOOD If I were only allowed to own one musical -- and I love Hollywood musicals -- this would be it.
GOOD Very likely the greatest musical MGM or anyone else ever produced.
GOOD There is no movie musical more fun than Singin' in the Rain, and few that remain as fresh over the years.
GOOD Singin' in the Rain isn't just one of the classics of Old Hollywood. It is also one very fine example of a genre that is almost banished from the big studios of today -- musicals.
BAD Absolutely horrible. Why did I even rent this?
BAD ...a pedestrian narrative that remains both predictable and uninvolving at virtually every turn...
FAIR Hollywood seems to have belatedly realised where a lot of disposable income is located.
FAIR Douglas and Keaton do just as well with the romantic angle, mostly because he's so adept at dispelling any whiff of mawkishness. Oren's essential orneriness remains, no matter what, and the film turns out to be a lot of fun because of him.
BAD I was absolutely appalled at Michael Douglas' performance in this and I thought he was really so unconvincing but... I think this screenplay is so bad that it's hard for any of those actors to make anything out of it.
BAD Whatever happened to Rob Reiner?... [He] seems utterly disengaged as he ploddingly assembles a film whose potential is never realised.
FAIR These legendary stars don't disappoint in their first screen teaming, and Reiner should have trusted them more to completely take over the film a lot more quickly than he does.
BAD Hilarity ensues. Or not.
BAD Lukewarm romcom has some drug content, swearing.
BAD Perhaps it's unfair to compare cinematic schmaltz like And So It Goes to Reiner's best work, but he and everyone involved have proven capable of so much more.
FAIR While it's a reasonably entertaining movie, it's one that will be enjoyed more by women than men, who might start to fidget after a while.
BAD Where former A-list actors go to end their movie careers. Next stop, a really bad alphabet network TV series.
BAD Engaging, yet forgettable....it's aimed at a senior-citizen audience and should enjoy a long life as a DVD.
FAIR Everything about the movie is as uninspired as the title.
BAD How you react to "And So It Goes" depends entirely on your appreciation of Diane Keaton. The movie is so Keaton-centric it might as well have been titled "La Di Da, La Di Da."
BAD The best reason to see the film lies in the performance of good ol' Frances Sternhagen...her smoky delivery really is priceless.
FAIR This film is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
FAIR Curmudgeon Finds Humanity
BAD A sitcom-like blob of sentimental geriatric gloop.
BAD Thirty years to the week after "When Harry Met Sally,'' Rob Reiner directs the excruciating, mawkish and interminable romantic dramedy "And So It Goes'' with shocking ineptitude.
BAD "And So It Goes" does what it needs to do for its target audience in thoroughly sufficient, mediocre ways.
BAD Adequate perhaps for a matinee on a dull weekday - but only if the senior discount applies.
BAD None of this is remotely funny. It's actually kind of sad.
BAD If director Rob Reiner's AARP-aimed comedy stumbles on several fronts, at least it provides a stage for some seasoned pros to strut their stuff.
BAD What a condescending movie this is.
FAIR And So It Goes hits the right notes to satiate an audience keen for sight gags and the un-PC rants of the over-60s, in a light 90 minutes that never strays too far from the established rules of the romantic comedy.
BAD A movie as generic as its title, And So It Goes is about a cranky old man who gets to know and help a child in need and becomes a happier, better person. Yes, I know. I gagged a little when I wrote that, too.
BAD The movie is mush, featuring a two-dimensional turn by Diane Keaton and a truly atrocious performance by the usually dependable Michael Douglas.
BAD Pure schmaltz masquerading as life wisdom, it pairs Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton for no apparent reason other than that they fit the elder baby boomer cohort the film is squarely aimed at.
BAD In a different movie with a better script, Douglas and Keaton might have been charming together, with his dryness balancing her feathery ramblings.
BAD For most of the film the tension revolves around whether Oren will manage to sell a house for $8-million or merely $5-million. I was on the back of my seat.
FAIR It's a cliched premise no doubt, but thankfully Reiner and cast play up the comedic angle and make what could have been a flat, Lifetime weepy something springy and possessed of an intermittent joy.
FAIR [Stern] may be the master of his domain on the radio, but he doesn't necessarily have a future in movies.
GOOD There are some huge laughs here spread consistently through the picture, and screenwriters Len Blum and Michael Kalesniko put virtually no lulls between laughs.
BAD A biodrama about Howard Stern, who speaks for the nine-year old boy in all of us.
FAIR Better than expected
GOOD Funny and surprisingly self-deprecating.
FAIR A good movie, even though I hate Stern.
GOOD An absolute must-see.
BAD Private Parts is a limited-ambition comedy, one that scores some funny moments mainly because it sets its targets so low.
GOOD The movie's often hilarious, but it's not quite as satisfying as Stern's radio show.
FAIR Succeeds as a mainstream entertainment.
FAIR It may just be grand Stern propaganda, but it's impossible to deny the film's deft comic charm, its sincerely romantic heart, and all that gratuitous nudity.
FAIR People who wouldn't be able to distinguish Howard Stern from G. Gordon Liddy will be entertained by something like an off-colour -- and quite funny -- version of Coal Miner's Daughter.
FAIR Whether you love him or hate him, it's impossible to deny Stern's status in contemporary culture, and this film helps illuminate him, and why he does what he does.
FAIR Surprisingly entertaining but grossly dishonest.
BAD Ultimately, all what we get is a movie version of Stern's show.
BAD Private Parts is nothing but an interminable infomercial about Stern's empty life.
GOOD No matter how much of Howard Stern you've seen, this is a Howard Stern you haven't seen.
FAIR An entertaining motion picture.
FAIR Stern and Quivers are both making their screen acting debuts here, and they do what seasoned actors claim is very difficult: They play convincing, engaging versions of themselves.
GOOD A deliriously funny, frequently outrageous romp.
FAIR Enjoyable and funny.
GOOD Howard's film raises comedy to a new level.
BAD This is Sterno, not heat, but still plenty rude, crude and lewd.
FAIR The film is often as witty and articulate as its subject.
FAIR A entertaining, surprisingly traditional biopic; liberally peppered with Stern's gross-out humor.
FAIR This oft-riotous bio is the ultimate loser-makes-good fantasy.
FAIR Nonstop entertainment.
FAIR After seeing this film, people who don't like Stern probably still won't like him ... but there's a good chance they'll like the movie.
GOOD [A] sure-fire hit comedy.
BAD Hate to make the obvious snark, but sometimes "More" is less.
BAD Another sequel that never should have been committed to celluloid.
FAIR You might not fall out of your seat laughing, but the film is consistently enjoyable from start to the very clever and amusing finish and with its brisk 93 minutes, it's worth taking a dip in this tub.
GOOD Like most guy-centric films these days, this film is ragingly homophobic and misogynistic, and you know what? These are some of the best parts. It is a testament to the wit of the writers and the charisma of the cast that we are never turned off.
FAIR If the filmmakers had thrown in some variety, it might have worked, because I'm sure they were going for more than just a feeling of indifference.
FAIR Those drawn in by the name will surely get exactly what they expected and then some.
FAIR Yes, it's funny. Often really funny.
BAD it has the timing and insight of a Borscht Belt comic from the 1930s.
FAIR The Hangover meets Back to the Future in this hilarious and unapologetically adult buddy chuckler.
FAIR Hot Tub Time Machine is rough around the edges ... [but] it offers us closure on a decade of great comedy -- from the very silly Anchorman to the deathly serious Funny People -- in which childish men are forced to grow the hell up.
FAIR Hollywood nam ovim filmom pokazuje da, s vremena na vrijeme, zna stare ideje iskoristiti na svje i zabavan na&#269;in
FAIR It doesn't care to explain how a jacuzzi becomes a de facto DeLorean ... nor does it get too bogged down in its butterfly effect meddlings -- it just wants to be a piece of good-times stupidness.
FAIR Despite the naff-sounding name which could easily have been a throwaway offering, it's actually one of the more fun comedies which sees grown men reduced to acting like teenagers.
FAIR Despite being more muddled than a frat house 'cocktail', still manages to maintain a level of charm.
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Greed is still good for these children of the 80s in the high concept mess Hot Tub Time Machine.
FAIR Admirably turns a potentially one-note joke into a consistently funny package.
GOOD Mindlessness done pretty well. Three middle-aged friends and a Gen Next tag along whose lives haven't turned out as they'd hoped travel back to 1986 via the titular device. Stupid fun ensues, some of it involving Crispin Glover.
GOOD What transpires during the course of 100 beautifully deranged minutes is lewd, crude and delightfully funny. Trying to make sense of it would be missing the point.
FAIR Think of it as the bastard punk offspring of Back to the Future and Groundhog Day.
BAD It's passably funny in spasms, but in the end the outright vulgarity palls and you wonder what the two leading ladies in the cast, Collette Wolfe and Lizzy Caplan, thought of it all. Not much, I'd say.
FAIR Eighties nostalgia has never been so disgusting, or funny.
BAD A missed opportunity.
BAD It's the sort of film Cusack probably wouldn't have been caught dead in a few years ago, which is a sad, if perhaps a truthful reflection of what happens when people hit their 40s and resign themselves to the way things are.
GOOD For Cusack and Pink, this is kind of the conclusion of their trilogy of films about the depressed Cusackian hero escaping into past simplicity.
BAD Star power and a quirky premise alone are not enough to sustain a feature length comedy when too many of the gags are inadequately developed.
FAIR No real sparks of genius, but some reasonable laughs.
GOOD It's exactly the sort of film that the title would suggest, but it's also disarmingly fresh and very funny.
BAD The film is ugly, gross and obnoxious, with all the vulgarity and vomiting you might expect.
BAD As far as time-travelling farces go, file this under John and Chev's Sucky Adventure.
BAD Say what you will about The Hangover, but at least it had structure. At least it felt like an actual movie.
FAIR This is undeniably an amusing movie, but it falls well short of time-twisting comedy classics like Back to the Future and Groundhog Day.
GOOD Robinson and Duke are terrific, and while it's fantastic to see Cusack back doing all-out comedy, truly outstanding is Daily Show veteran Rob Corddry, who has to make horrible jerk Lou likable and funny.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the best bits.
FAIR No masterpiece, perhaps, but Hot Tub Time Machine is post-pub perfection.
GOOD After he was forced to labour through the special effects in 2012, it's good to see John Cusack returning to form amid the constant silliness.
GOOD Hot Tub's humour revels in political incorrectness, and that may put some off, but there's no doubt it's an effective nostalgic trip supported by a cracking soundtrack.
GOOD This film is flat-out, choke-on-your-popcorn comedy genius.
FAIR Corddry's obnoxiousness gets a trifle wearing, but Cusack is as reliable as ever, Duke gives good geek, and Robinson makes the most of his biggest screen role to date.
FAIR Likeable, well acted and frequently funny comedy but its occasionally sloppy script and an over-reliance on lowbrow humour prevents it from becoming something really special.
BAD Someone in particular really lifts the movie %u2013 his name is Crispin Glover and he is a comic genius. You might remember seeing him in a more exciting and more humorous time-travelling movie from another era.
FAIR Hot Tub Time Machine is an amiable time-waster but, given the concept, it could have been rather more than that.
GOOD It's crude, inane and manic, but boy is it funny.
FAIR Hot Tub Time Machine, like an actual hot tub, is kind of fun to muck around in, but far less exciting after an hour and a half.
FAIR An amusing comedy that actually exceeds the genre's low expectations.
FAIR A nice reworking of some very old material.
GOOD Thrillingly energetic dances on film.
FAIR ...a big, brawling, rollicking movie that, old-fashioned or not, helped to open up the movie musical to widescreen singing and dancing.
GOOD one of the greatest musicals, if not movies, of all time
GOOD A magical blend of the right story, a great score, and the astonishing choreography of Michael Kidd.
GOOD Although the powers at M-G-M are deviating from the normal song-and-dance extravaganza in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, it is a gamble that is paying rich rewards.
BAD Can anyone explain the appeal of this to me?
GOOD Accompanying the exhilarating dancing is a fine set of songs, sung with panache, that are memorable for days afterwards.
FAIR Heartfelt Nicholson, not for kids at all.
FAIR About Schmidt is a touching, human story about a man who comes to the realisation that his life is nothing more than a failure.
GOOD A simple, silent, static shot of Nicholson's face is one of the most beautiful, powerful, indelible images of the 2002 movie year.
BAD About Schmidt drives another nail in the coffin of irony. It is as lacking in irony as its blatant crayon drawing ending. It's a synthetic antidote to an ironic world, a superficial contrivance that is getting voluminous applause from those who sho
FAIR Mostly, the satire here amounts to nudging us into feeling superior to other people's lives.
GOOD I don't know if there is another actor alive who could have made About Schmidt as entertaining as it is.
GOOD [W]hen Nicholson decides to bring a character to life, he's so captivating that you forget he's a movie star. Such is the case with About Schmidt.
GOOD At once ridiculous and profoundly touching.
GOOD Comedia melancolica que traz Nicholson em grande atuacao como homem amargo por nao ter feito diferenca no mundo.
GOOD A crazed retiree finds himself bored with life and over-compensating. Nicholson gives another terrific performance while the film's pace drags everything else down.
GOOD Nicholson is fantastic.
GOOD This is Nicholson's most mature work and along with FIVE EASY PIECES and ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST, the one for which he will be best remembered.
FAIR Delivers bittersweet comedy and a heartening message about the ever present possibility of finding significance in the world.
FAIR 'La actuacion de Jack Nicholson mueve a la ternura y la compasion. Verdaderamente entranable.'
FAIR Hard to say what aspect of the film I found most disturbing ... the realization that [the character] resembles my Dad ... or a hot tub scene with a naked Kathy Bates.
GOOD Payne once again shows his deftness with the damning or heartbreaking details as his cast brings across a tidy masterpiece.
FAIR Ultimately, it's in scenes where Schmidt's grief and emotional shock are evinced that Jack shows he's worthy of the plaudits which so freely come his way.
GOOD Tale of Midwestern late-life angst is a triumph for star Jack Nicholson -- but a step back for co-writer/director Alexander Payne.
GOOD There's something not only funny, but ultimately satisfying about seeing Jack Nicholson in "About Schmidt" in bed with a women his age...
GOOD Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message. I loved this film.
GOOD It's the power of Nicholson the actor, not Jack the movie star, that we see here, and what's perhaps most remarkable is that an extraordinary, vanity-free performance - what ultimately might be Nicholson's very best - emerges from such a thoroughly ordina
FAIR A strange and fascinating balance of compassion and satire, riotous laughter and quiet drama.
GOOD Warren Schmidt's existential Winnebago could easily have been navigated by George Babbitt.
GOOD ...humorous and brutal.
GOOD Nicholson has intentionally de-Jacked himself to for this film, and the result is a performance that ranks alongside any this veteran actor has ever given.
BAD Offers only the sporadic laugh, the less frequent original cultural insight and, at best, a craftsmanlike performance from its aging headliner.
BAD Translates your average bad teen comedy into a below-average adult romantic comedy.
FAIR Mildly amusing Josh Hartnett sex comedy.
BAD This tedious romantic romp is based on a single idea--a hunk (Josh Hartnet) abstaining from sex for the duration of Lent--extended to the limits of a feature-length picture.
FAIR They could have easily made yet another gross-out comedy, but instead the laughs are born of clever writing and likable characters.
BAD Finds a way to present a light-hearted sexual comic fairy tale, then derails itself with bad romantic comedy fallbacks.
BAD This movie was about the most excruciating hour and a half I've endured recently.
FAIR A reasonably intelligent adult comedy.
BAD This film would've been a lot funnier if the filmmaker's had shown the slightest bit of imagination in terms of the plot's comic possibilities.
FAIR It's a collection of guy humor, no more and no less.
FAIR In places 40 Days is actually quite witty but one can't help feeling that both Hartnett and Lehmann ... deserve better than this.
BAD Mean-spirited, ugly little movie.
BAD The movie reminded me of a beer commercial during a football game, with about as much depth but not nearly the wit.
GOOD A sex comedy starring Josh Hartnett is almost guaranteed a mainstream following. But that hasn't kept Lehmann from giving 40 Days the look and feel of a spirited, independent comedy.
BAD You may feel like taking a vow of abstinence yourself -- at least from Hollywood youth-sex comedies.
FAIR 'An admittedly raunchy but smart satirical poke at sexual politics in the information age. It's also funnier than we have any right to expect.'
FAIR The script boils down to 90 minutes of dirty jokes. Most of them are funny and some are hilarious.
BAD Hartnett may grow into a major film star someday with better material, but this is a one-night stand he'll want to forget.
FAIR This is a movie full of sex jokes, but they don't involve mechanics and fluids so much as the nature of sex and the way it governs young life.
BAD Then, there's the seen-that-before scene of poor Matt walking around with a protrusion he seems blithely unaware of that seems to go to some preposterously immense proportions.
BAD None of the characters interested me.
BAD A dulling experience. The movie screams been there, done that and offers nothing new to the table.
BAD Why do screenwriters demean women in these movies by having them find these lunk-headed doofuses so attractive?
BAD Not the funniest film ever on this subject, but a nice statement and satire on relationships today.
FAIR it is essentially a slightly more mature gross-out comedy
FAIR The material may be lightweight, but it's been shaped into a film that deserves to become a classic in an admittedly lightweight genre.
FAIR A funny sex comedy about not having sex.
FAIR It has a way of wearing out what's supposed to be knockabout farce.
FAIR For all its outrageous humor, 40 Days and 40 Nights actually has something to say about the value of emotional intimacy over physical intimacy.
FAIR Creates a rapport with its young viewers by first affronting them with its crude treatment of sex and then entertaining them with a silly plot.
FAIR Two previously boring actors [Hartnett and Sossamon] ... bring their characters to sparkly life.
FAIR While it all feels like a step down from the grandeur of Leone's spaghetti Westerns, that's part of the point, and part of the charm.
FAIR La.rgely successful with some gaping flaws, and deeply experimental in a way that verges on upsetting
BAD None-too-funny comedy about two bickering sisters trying to dispose of a body.
GOOD ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
GOOD While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
FAIR ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
GOOD Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
GOOD Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
GOOD It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
GOOD Un clasico
GOOD Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
GOOD This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
GOOD ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
GOOD Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
GOOD One of Chaplin's best.
GOOD Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
GOOD O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
GOOD Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
GOOD It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
FAIR An appealing romantic comedy directed by Peter Weir.
BAD Stop me if you've heard this one... too late.
GOOD The story could have been turned into a plastic sitcom, but ... the crackling chemistry between Depardieu and MacDowell gives it considerable charm.
GOOD Engaging romantic comedy.
FAIR Sickly sweet
BAD Ouch. Lame Sandler attempt at holiday humor.
BAD Sentimentality and secretions, with a generous helping of blatant product placement, do not make for the most graceful of holiday entertainments.
BAD Adam Sandler's goal may have been to provide a holiday movie with Chanukah as the central celebration, but it's not suitable for children and not entertaining to most adults.
FAIR ... a story whose cleverness and meaning is sullied among horseplay we can't take the kids to see.
BAD It's about time that all the Christmas movies out there were balanced with a decent Hannukah movie. Sadly, this isn't it.
BAD ...ideal for Adam Sandler fans who were confused by Punch-Drunk Love.
FAIR Only in the world of Adam Sandler could an animated message of inter-faith holiday appreciation be mixed in with a sextet of defecating deer, a woman with three breasts and songs about hatred and drinking.
BAD Small-town goofballs, bizarre musical numbers and plenty of toilet humor -- ah, the holidays are here again.
BAD it's got all the warmth and charm of the Bataan Death March
BAD Don't let your festive spirit go this far.
BAD This movie's gotta be the result of some pot-induced wager between Adam Sandler and his nattering cronies: "Hey guys, I'm like a $20 million movie star! How freakin' FUNNY is that? I bet I can make ANY movie I want!"
FAIR Nothing but side-splitting, richly coloured, instant classic laughs -- all with the typical Sandler touch.
BAD Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire.
BAD Unlike Trey Parker, Sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny, not actually exploiting it yourself.
BAD I'd prefer to think of Sandler in Punch-Drunk Love, the one good movie of the three he did this year.
FAIR Sandler is at his best as a rage-filled jerk, and at his worst as two of the most irritating characters in all of cartoondom.
BAD There's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career.
BAD Eight Crazy Nights is a shallow, crude, mean-spirited and painfully unfunny excursion into lunacy...
BAD Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie.
BAD It ain't funny, it ain't good, and it ain't a step in the right direction for co-writer and star Sandler.
FAIR Adam Sandler's 8 Crazy Nights" is a crass, crude holiday stocking filled with disgustingly inappropriate humor.
BAD Almost as offensive as "Freddy Got Fingered."
BAD When all is said and done, [it] could have afforded another rewrite and a willingness to avoid pandering to the MPAA ratings board.
BAD Sandler is remaining true to his own traditions, although it remains to be seen whether anyone will thank him for that once they've seen the movie.
BAD The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork.
BAD It leaves no bodily fluid unexpressed, no heartstring unplucked.
BAD Irritating, boring, gross, silly.
BAD Do not, under any circumstances, consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor.
BAD Without question, it is not the major Hanukkah family classic just waiting to be made.
BAD An abomination so horrendously bad that it defies description.
BAD It's definitely not made for kids or their parents, for that matter, and I think even fans of Sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting.
BAD [T]hat fluttering sound you hear [is] just the critics' goodwill Sandler earned from Punch-Drunk Love flying out the window.
BAD A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401(k) statement.
BAD Too childish to be enjoyed by adults and too nasty to be enjoyed by the toddlers.
BAD Here's to hoping we never have to spend a 9th crazy night with Whitey, Davey, and the whole crappy gang.
BAD Every bit as violent, profane, mean-spirited and artificially sentimental as any live-action Adam Sandler movie.
FAIR Has no small amount of merit, especially in the areas of production and costume design, but... [not] in any meaningful way a successful or even appropriate follow-up.
GOOD Carries its predecessor's torch into darker, quixotic territories, bursting at the seams with folkloric witticism and hellzapoppin' imagery.
BAD Darker than the original, not for very young kids.
GOOD An amazing accomplishment. George Miller brings the same approach to this sequel as he did with the Mad Max trilogy: Don't re-make, re-invent. A work of genius.
FAIR ...Paints a bleak picture of humanity. Not to mention, shall we say, animality.
FAIR Babe needed a sequel as much as Citizen Kane or Casablanca.
GOOD Where Babe was warm, gentle, and cuddly, Pig in the City is fast paced and antic.
BAD It's a nice change of pace to find a sequel that doesn't merely try to remake the original, but Babe: Pig in the City lacks any of the original's endearing gentle spirit.
BAD This dark sequel to the 1995 hit has virtually none of the bucolic charm displayed in the original.
BAD This film may scar impressionable children for life!
BAD It may not be as fresh as its predecessor, it still begs a look-see. As the year winds down, this is one fine holiday ham that should be savored, not skinned.
FAIR Universal should have left well enough alone, heeding the immortal closing words of Farmer Hoggett in the original.
BAD Babe: Pig in the City is mostly a joyless sequel to the joyful original.
FAIR Sequel isn't quite hog heaven, but it's meaty enough.
GOOD ...a completely new experience for the audience and the film's characters, and virtually, one of the best sequels that has ever come along in the past decade.
GOOD More magical than the original!
FAIR Fans of the book will probably be a little disappointed, but anyone encountering the Hitchhiker's Guide for the first time should be thoroughly entertained. It is very strange and very funny in a way that Adams' work exemplified.
FAIR It's hard to dislike a movie in which one of the heroes gets brain power from lemon juice.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A lot of fun and something different, poised to reach a broader audience with its silly and spirited tour of space -- which is vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big, by the way.
BAD "Mostly Unnecessary."
FAIR Devotees of the original stories are going to be frustrated that their favorite bits have been truncated or excised outright, while newbies will likely wonder what all the fuss has been about these last few decades.
GOOD Adams fans will have to content themselves with the fact that, while the film is not perfect, it is indeed the best they could realistically have hoped for.
FAIR Given this fan's worst fears, The Hitchhiker's Guide is a minor pleasant surprise
BAD ...proves that some novels just aren't filmable...
GOOD On the grand scale of adaptations, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy falls...closer to Lord of the Rings than it does The Shining, or I, Robot.
FAIR For all its huge sets, high-tech glitz, and CGI effects, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy fails to capture the deadpan drollness of the Adams novels
FAIR This film is a pleasant experience but a throwaway one. It is hard to be harsh on a film with as many smiles as this one. For many of us the jokes will be just too familiar.
BAD ...character interactions and relationships have been jettisoned in favor of wild gesticulations, frantic emoting and a heap of commotion.
GOOD Divertido, irreverente e recheado de efeitos visuais que contribuem para a historia em vez de simplesmente se limitarem a funcionar como espetaculo a parte.
FAIR Like a good Brit, Hitchhiker's brings up something important but then gets distracted by silly names and puppets. Like Parliament.
FAIR I wasn't amazed or stunned by this movie, but I felt like it would be nice to hang out with.
BAD Despite the perfect cast, fantastic book animations, & superb production design, this latest adaptation of Douglas Adams' novel is just not very enjoyable.
BAD The layers of dry wit that are supposed to engage the grownups don't work ...
FAIR You don't have to love the book(s) to love this movie.
FAIR A mixed bag, crammed with many inspired bits but never coalescing as a whole.
GOOD The film version truly captures the whimsical cynicism at the series' heart.
FAIR Yeah...but you have to read the book first.
FAIR You might not get it - whatever it is - but you can still have a good time.
FAIR Once you get past all the impenetrable dialogue exchanges and meandering plot twists, what you have is, at the core, a film with solid vision and heart.
FAIR Adams would be pleased.
FAIR A must-see for Hitchhiker's Guide devotees, an offbeat warm-up for those who devour everything intergalactic and a bit of a puzzlement for general movie fans.
FAIR Flawed-but-fun.
FAIR Adds up to a movie that's very easy to like, but somehow not so easy to love -- no matter how hard you try.
BAD "Golly bum, it's so darn ... good natured that I wanted to like it - until it became obvious whimsy can reach toxic levels in the human bloodstream. La da di, la di da.
GOOD An amusement starship.
BAD This movie is "Sin City's" evil twin. Disguised to look clever but underneath boring as hell.
BAD A silly, forgettable comedy...
BAD If you weren't a kid when you first saw Space Jam, you're a lot less likely to find it palatable. [Blu-ray]
FAIR Live-action/animation mix is good fun for kids.
BAD A cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Warner Bros. cartoon characters and basketball player Michael Jordan, inspired by a Nike commercial.
FAIR Space Jam isn't exactly a slam dunk. It's more of a graceful tip-in by Michael Jordan, with a snazzy assist by Bugs Bunny.
FAIR Succeeds in reintroducing the Looney Tunes name, but fails to capture the imagination and sharpness that defined them originally.
BAD Space Jam is harmless kiddie fare, but it may not be every adult's idea of a good time.
BAD This film was made very quickly by animation standards, and the haste shows.
BAD It's a good effort, but not up to the level of the best Disney cartoon feature.
BAD An empty, soulless corporate product, designed for one purpose: to separate us from our wallets.
FAIR Technical spectacle amounts do nothing without a good story.
FAIR A splendid mish-mash of comedy and live-action.
FAIR This movie has all the wit of the original Warner Brothers Cartoons, and a few updated jabs at modern society.
BAD Pitiful live-action/animation mix proves only that MJ can't act and that Coca Cola can peddle its advertising to children in the form of a 90-minute sham.
BAD It's the first time either Jordan or Bugs has had a starring role on the big screen. It's gimmicky Saturday-morning cartoon wackiness in your face -- funny, but brain-deadening.
BAD O erro mais grave dos roteiristas foi confundir a identidade do verdadeiro astro do filme: a historia deveria girar em torno de Pernalonga, e nao de Michael Jordan.
BAD The negatives in this film far outweigh any of the positives.
FAIR Space Jam is no Who Framed Roger Rabbit, but it works well enough.
BAD How sad that a brilliant comic creation like Bugs Bunny has to ride shotgun with a wooden basketball star, all to provide a set of collector's cups.
FAIR What delights is the interaction between Jordan and our favorite cartoon characters. Appearances by Larry Bird and Bill Murray add nice touches, too.
GOOD First-rate popcorn movie: undemanding, entertaining and thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR I think the show is good fun, and I believe your family will too.
BAD Space Jam is, perhaps, best viewed as a 'package,' something put together by agents and dealmakers rather than filmmakers.
FAIR This movie, which could just as easily be called The Michael Jordan Worship Show, plays like a 90-minute homage to His Airness, selling his every virtue.
FAIR Why do we have to have jokes about spitting and flatulence and other vulgarisms in a movie aimed at children?
FAIR The movie's undermining flaw is its lack of screen magic (and first-rate cartoon gags) that Who Framed Roger Rabbit had throughout.
BAD No matter if you're a basketball fan, a cartoon fan, or a movie fan, Space Jam offers little that will excite you or involve you. You'd get more excitement watching a local pick-up game.
GOOD It's an inspired way to use, and kid, Jordan's image while at the same time updating Bugs Bunny & Company to doing battle in the multizillion-dollar animation sweepstakes.
BAD The typical romantic comedy keeps the leads apart or until just before the closing credits. This film falls flat because they engage in sex during the picture's opening sequence.
FAIR full review in Greek
BAD While not as aggressively mindless as many of its ilk, flick suffers from simple fatigue, as in: We're tired of seeing the exact same love story over and over.
BAD ...the script gives the actors virtually nothing to do and nothing to say in this subpar genre entry.
FAIR Uma obra aceitavel, simpatica e ate mesmo divertida - e se isto acontece, os meritos cabem ao diretor Nigel Cole e a simpatia de Ashton Kutcher.
GOOD Successfully turns the rom-com genre on its head.
BAD That's weird. I'm sure that When Harry Met Sally had been made already. And didn't it used to be funny?
FAIR A cut above the usual rubbish, thanks to a smart script, some gorgeous photography and the chemistry between its two leads
FAIR Although not as scathingly funny as the Ryan-Crystal classic, director Nigel Cole offers an engaging romance infused with the warmth and optimism of his previous films Calendar Girls and Saving Grace.
FAIR Gen-Y When Harry Met Sally update just barely works, thanks to Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet's chemistry.
BAD The film never convinces us that these two need to be together.
FAIR It doesn't hurt that there's plenty of chemistry between Peet and Kutcher...
BAD ... the whole production is simply as mediocre and half-baked as Hollywood gets.
FAIR It's strikingly well shot and acted, without resorting to sitcom silliness ... then just when it should end on a sigh, it spirals into the same old stupidity.
BAD If this is the state of courtship in the 21st century, then romance is not only dead, it's decomposed.
BAD Having sex before they know each other's names. Spitting water on each other. Showing each other chewed food. Antics you want to see from a young couple in love? Me neither.
BAD We learned last year that not even Jude Law could keep audiences interested for six movies in a year. Kutcher's limit appears to be one.
BAD A lot like every other Ashton Kutcher movie - BORING!
BAD Your reviewer is of the opinion that Amanda Peet deserves much better parts than she's been getting, but that's not enough to lead him to forgive the film its problems.
BAD Oliver plans to make it big by selling diapers through the Internet, maybe the very same service that provided Colin Patrick Lynch's script.
FAIR A pleasant little romantic comedy that doesn't try too hard and has the virtue of doing a few things differently.
FAIR A Lot Like Love ... is a cute movie.
FAIR It's an amiable enough diversion that unfolds like a bland cross between When Harry Met Sally and Serendipity.
FAIR Just when you despair that a whole generation could grow up without a decent date movie, without a romantic comedy that works well enough to call its own, Ashton Kutcher goes and surprises you.
BAD A Lot Like Love is a lot like many other movies of the rom-com ilk, in that we are left with absolutely no doubt about the outcome.
FAIR A Lot Like Love would be so much closer to perfect if it sustained its idiosyncratic tone.
BAD While Kutcher is charming, endearing and, to all appearances, perfect boyfriend material - especially when he's signing with his hearing-impaired brother - Peet is merely passable...
BAD Kutcher is a master of the satisfied grin. It's one of his two expressions, the other being the goofy, ear-to-ear smile, which often follows or precedes his satisfied grin.
FAIR A Lot Like Love is built around a string of coincidences, accidents and unlikely situations that send your eyes rolling in their sockets like marbles.
FAIR It doesn't sound like much, but the actors and director Nigel Cole really do fill the space that contrivance usually occupies with lots of charming and believable behavior.
BAD I'm considering sending an all-is-forgiven e-mail to the director of Just Married. As moronic as it was, at least it had some antic energy.
BAD It's a lot like a waste of time.
GOOD Danny Boyle's only great film featuring "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" is an urbane, thoughtful fable of Lego-bright color, vast imagination and a stout belief in meaningful displays of humanity, charity and altruism without stooping to sermons.
BAD if you're a sucker for adorable, freckle-faced kids, you may not be able to resist the infantile wiles of this movie
GOOD Sprinkled with a heady dose of magic realism, this film is lovely.
BAD Corrupted by a hideous paternalism.
GOOD In sly, sweet and frequently funny terms, Danny Boyle pleads a compelling case for the fundamental goodness of mankind.
FAIR Director Boyle continues to genre hop but Millions, a quirky comedy punctuated by unnecessary digressions, nicely fits the "childhood fantasy" bill.
GOOD Um filme que faz bem a alma e ao coracao.
GOOD I hesitate to say that this is a family film. That phrase too often conjures up, at least for adults, cutesy-poo animated features aimed squarely at the younger set.
GOOD Take your kids to see Millions and soak up one of the most wonderful British family films in years.
GOOD A subversive fable from one of the UK's most engaging filmmakers, Millions sees director Danny Boyle transform a kiddie movie into a painfully accurate portrait of British consumerism.
GOOD One of the year's most lovable and family friendly films.
FAIR ... One of the best family films in recent memory.
GOOD A modern fairy tale with imagination that dazzles kids and adult alike.
FAIR What makes Millions quirky is also what prevents it from genuinely immersing the viewer in the story.
FAIR Millions serves up enough touching emotional moments to coin its own richness, a respect for goodness in human nature.
FAIR Millions is a kids' movie that doesn't talk down to its audience.
FAIR ...Millions pulls off the neat trick of affirming that money can't buy happiness, even as it has a ball pretending that it can.
GOOD Directorially, it's exciting. Emotionally, it's engagingly warm, funny and magical -- without being gooey.
FAIR As a stylist, Boyle is something of an action painter, throwing images on the canvas of the screen and seeing what sticks.
GOOD This winning low-key British yarn is told with real creativity and succeeds by developing characters and situations in an original way.
FAIR [I]t is refreshing to consider th[e] windfall of wealth not as greed satisfied but with the innocence of a young child
GOOD Somebody forgot to tell screenwriter Frank Cotrell Boyce and director Danny Boyle that they were making a movie for kids. That's actually a good thing.
GOOD It gets you to look at cardboard boxes, bank notes and, for that matter, Danny Boyle in quite a different way.
FAIR A nice little fable, ultimately not very profound but pleasant anyway.
FAIR The picture about two motherless boys and their unexpected cash infusion is visually inventive, funny, fantastical, poignant and dark around the edges.
GOOD [A] delightfully wise and surprisingly heartwarming morality tale.
FAIR When Boyle is on, the movie is both heartfelt and joyous.
FAIR It conjugates a version of the loaves-and-fishes miracle from the Bible and, even with its flaws, turns out to be a minor miracle itself.
FAIR This umpire calls Hardball out at first base.
FAIR This is less a hardball than a softball, without any curves or surprises.
BAD Esforcando-se ao maximo para arrancar lagrimas do espectador, o filme apela para todas as convencoes estabelecidas por producoes semelhantes, falhando em todas as tentativas.
FAIR ...Hardball is much darker and far more adult than the commercials and trailer want you to believe.
BAD Home runs for all the young actors with Reeves stuck at second base.
FAIR The Hollywood adaptation admirably avoids the urge to sanitize the material -- this isn't Mighty Ducks in the Hood.
BAD one of those irritatingly "well-intentioned" movies that constantly falls flat because it offers no depth
FAIR The toughness, tragedy and street slang built into it give it an aura of reality.
FAIR Does what it's supposed to do, and it occasionally goes a little farther than it needs to.
FAIR Simple, predictable, and marginally satisfying.
BAD Amounts to a two-hour torture session that would make one long for the great beyond.
BAD Can easily be an inspirational, feel good movie if you let it--as long as you abandon any hope for originality.
BAD ...the halfhearted result of hundreds of sports movie and coming-of-age-flick cliches, thrown together without even the slightest care or reason.
BAD A smarmy proposition passing itself off as family fun in the style of The Bad News Bears.
BAD Works where it counts, on the emotional level.
FAIR Does surprisingly few lurches as it walks the tightrope between urban realism ... and family entertainment.
BAD Cutesy, cuddly pap.
FAIR A formulaic but amusing tale of a loser who becomes a winner by losing himself in the service of others.
FAIR "Hardball" is hard PG-13.
BAD Akin to a thrift shop novelty that is way past its prime.
FAIR Beneath the sappy music and formulaic story, the core of the film rang true.
GOOD A surefire heart-tugger made with skill and judgment.
BAD This is a film designed not so much to tell a coherent and moving story as it is to deliver a van full of cinematic groceries to a certain audience.
BAD Typical road movie mayhem.
BAD Sure, it's a misfire, and that's a shame because the genus of something good is present.
FAIR What can we say? See the movie first, then decide.
GOOD What more could one want from a third Austin Powers movie that you didn't get from two? With only so much Bond baiting to be done, Mike Myers trains his soft satire on himself for something that feels somewhat self-loathing, but still riotously funny.
BAD ...things went from mediocre to worse in this entry.
BAD Most of it is rehash, and smug rehash at that.
BAD Myers and Roach are running dangerously close to empty as far as new and genuinely funny ideas, and they would be best off quitting before they fall any farther behind.
GOOD Perhaps not as original as the first two movies, Goldmember is still fun and funny.
FAIR ...[the film is] dominated by jokes that aren't terribly funny and abandons the more absurd nature of the first film's comedy.
GOOD Easily as effective as its two previous installments, once again utilizing the finest in pee/fart/poop/sex jokes, naughty juxtaposition of everyday objects, and Bond-spoof genius that only Meyers and Roach can deliver.
BAD If this series has any more life left in it, Myers and Roach have to do a major rethink.
BAD A horrible conclusion to a previously entertaining series.
FAIR If you thought the first and second in the series were groovy, you're going to love the third.
FAIR The third installment in the series of super-spy spoofs, it's handcuffed by the ever-increasing load of baggage it carries.
FAIR Austin Powers in Goldmember may be a hash (and a rehash), but it was cooked with laughing gas.
BAD Era mais engracado quando [Mike] Myers ria dos outros, e nao de si mesmo.
FAIR No longer funny because of its spoof value, but because it is pantomime of the lamest order. If you don't latch onto it, it's embarrassing, but if you have sympathy for the way Myers creates characters, you may just find it infectious.
FAIR If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie, maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil.
BAD This shameless and unfunny film is simply designed to put butts in seats with more of the same tired jokes.
FAIR Not quite golden.
FAIR Better than the second, and almost as good as the first!
FAIR Goldmember's worth the price of the ticket - but no more sequels please.
FAIR I used to have this windbreaker that was Goldmembers Only.
FAIR Overall very good for what it's trying to do.
FAIR If you need one reason to see it, see it for the great cameos and very funny moments we share with them.
FAIR Whether you're new to Austin 'Danger' Powers or a shagadelic fan of the series, this one may be the last and it's a worthy sequel to end with.
BAD Despite the addition of a villain and the inspired casting of Michael Caine as Austin Powers' dad, the film feels watered down.
BAD The video companion for 'The Complete Idiot's Guide to Movie Sequels.'
BAD ... There are enough tacky product placements to open a convenience store.
GOOD A funnier, splashier, sexier, smarter and, oh yeah, groovier Austin than the other two.
FAIR With Austin Powers at an end, we must now wait for a Stanley Kubrick to hand Myers his Dr. Strangelove.
FAIR A few truly hilarious moments...[but] this franchise that began as a first class mockery of espionage cliches is becoming an amalgam of canned stories and recycled material.
GOOD The films are unusual in that they've actually gotten better as they've gone on, meaning that Goldmember is the best of the three.
BAD Like a fish that's lived too long, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places.
FAIR There are two things you should know about it: 1.) it is not as inspired as the previous two films; and 2.) it is still very, very funny.
FAIR What Mike Myers has succeeded in doing with Goldmember is becoming an actor of Peter Sellers stature.
FAIR There's something for everyone who loves to laugh.
FAIR once Goldmember, like its predecessors in the series, is played dozens of times .... its humor will reach the sublime level that is expected of it.
BAD Tired teen fare full of drinking, grossout humor.
FAIR Unevenly witty.
BAD [Kirsten] Dunst seems to be a fairly decent actress; why she keeps appearing in the same movie over and over is beyond me.
FAIR This one's going down in my teen hall of fame.
FAIR O'Hayer has some way to go before doing a John Hughes (The Breakfast Club, Pretty In Pink) but Get Over It is a headstart.
FAIR While this film does not do anything extraordinary for its genre, it has its moments, and Dunst and Foster are able to generate reasonable chemistry in their utterly predictable situation.
FAIR Sure, calling any flick "better than Van Wilder" is damning it with faint praise...but did I mention that this one's got Kirsten Dunst in it?
BAD Shakespeare probably made the point best: Teens rule; parents drool.
FAIR Too many times, a strange brand of humor appears and sours the proceedings.
FAIR Quite a bit more intelligent than most films in the genre.
BAD Features a dog humping a basketball, an electrocution, a cow urinating on the hero and kids drinking punch filled with vomit.
BAD At least Ben Foster communicates the ignorance and insecurity of being a troubled teen.
FAIR It's completely harmless -- taking that as a pro or a con will be entirely up to the individual viewer.
FAIR Offers a lot of yuks and a lot of fun.
BAD The first half is the usual brain-dead high school romantic comedy. It is pretty bad. The second half ... is pretty good.
FAIR ... needed - but didn't get - a good script doctor to rip out the stuff that doesn't work while keeping the good material.
FAIR A lighthearted, frothy entertainment that goes down with ease.
BAD More engaging than most offerings in this tired genre.
BAD Here's a fundamental rule of filmmaking: if you need to rely on a dog humping everything in sight to get laughs, you are not making a good movie.
BAD All its brief flickers of originality never add up to much and it never captures the spirit O'Haver obviously had in mind.
FAIR Crammed with clever lines and gorgeous visuals.
GOOD Get Over It breaks the formula for teen romances.
FAIR It's uneven, to be sure, but the charm of its leads and the good nature of its story overcome a lot of the movie's weaknesses.
FAIR May be halfhearted, but it's not entirely without heart.
BAD We end up feeling sorry for the two likable leads, Foster and Dunst, who have to endure all of the story's failed attempts at making recycled bathroom humor funny.
BAD Moments of bubbly charm come in fits and starts, and the wait requires lots of patience.
FAIR A blithe-spirited comedy.
FAIR It's foul and filthy but only occasionally funny.
FAIR Bad Grandpa's biggest, most eyebrow-rising surprise may very well be the fact that we actually grow to care about him and Billy by the final reel
BAD ...ultimately just another misguided effort from Knoxville and his band of pranksters.
FAIR Less violent and less mean-spirited than Jackass, Bad Grandpa is a funny little diversion and that's about it, but that's okay.
FAIR Lewd, crude, tasteless...It's when Irving dresses Billy up as a girl in a kids beauty pageant that things get crazy. It's one of those moments, folks, where the angels of good taste and decorum desert you and you find yourself laughing like an idiot.
FAIR You'll cough out some second-hand chuckles reliving the moment Irving Pic-ass-o'ed the wall.
GOOD Bad Grandpa is to Jackass what Borat is to Ali G. The gag is far less about Irving and his grandson; it's relishing in how they antagonise and perplex their unwilling support cast. It's juvenile, it's ridiculous but I laughed, a lot.
FAIR This really is a movie full of gags. And not entirely in a good way.
FAIR 'Bad Grandpa' made me laugh more than it didn't, but I still missed the antics by the rest of the 'Jackass' gang in this R-rated road trip.
FAIR I can't imagine anyone going into this film expecting Mrs. Doubtfire...
BAD There is something really unsettling and weird about this, and I'm not talking about when the kid does a hilariously wrong striptease to Warrant's Cherry Pie at a beauty pageant.
BAD As hit and miss as it can be cruel, but with an "odd couple" eight decades apart at its heart it's likely to hit a few sweet spots for eager consumers of Borat-influenced comedy.
FAIR After a time, the characters start to bond with one another and form a genuinely likeable team.
FAIR It's sporadically hilarious, with some inspired gags and deranged pranks, but for a Jackass movie, this is oddly gentle and sometimes even sentimental.
BAD To put an eight year old child in the middle of Jackass type gross antics is not entertaining.
FAIR I'm totally okay with Knoxville finding a way to be crazy without allowing large animals to run him over.
BAD The only reason I won't say that the film isn't as shocking as it thinks itself to be, is because it's not really very clear that it even thinks that it's shocking.
FAIR The results are the most inspired and refreshing series of gags in years from the group and a step in a direction ripe with further potential.
FAIR Be warned: Knoxville has a thing for body parts, and body functions, that you'll never, ever, see on America's Funniest Home Videos.
FAIR I laughed, cackled, and often felt completely embarrassed by doing so.
BAD Secondhand gags, third-rate execution, fourth-rate results.
BAD Another gleeful 'Jackass' gross-out...
FAIR If your expectations are in the right place, then this is a film that is endlessly amusing and often hilarious, but if you have a firm distaste for the raunchy or ridiculous, you may want to steer clear.
FAIR There's a lot of things in there that we really shouldn't laugh at, but we can't help it.
FAIR Thank goodness comedy still has the power to make us confront the stuff decorum tells us to avoid.
FAIR The story is thin but Bad Grandpa successfully freshens the Jackass format and will, without question, keep fans of the series laughing (and cringing) the entire time.
GOOD The pranks themselves, the incredibly deft execution and improvisation (by both Knoxville and his impressive child co-star), and most of all the reactions from the prankees make for some of the best laughs I've had in or out of a theater this year.
FAIR There's a reason candid camera stuff has been with us since we figured out how to hide cameras, and Knoxville's grinning rambunctiousness is enough to keep it far away from Just for Laughs Gags territory.
BAD A sometimes-funny-but-mostly-not mash-up of Borat, Weekend At Bernie's (a corpse along for the ride) and Bad Santa (an offensive old guy along with a kid).
BAD Some of the jokes are flat-out hilarious, but most are overworked or tepid.
BAD The trick to such humour involves persuading the audience to squirm and laugh at the same time. Grandpa triggers merely the squirming, and you can get that from a mild case of haemorrhoids.
FAIR Bad Grandpa has no goals whatsoever beyond making you snort with base, moronic glee, but when it scores, it scores.
FAIR When Knoxville's bad, he's very very bad. But when he's good, he's wicked.
BAD It's been 11 years since Jackass: The Movie, and three since Jackass 3D, although it feels a lot longer than that.
BAD Like the lime-green bingo dabber contents Irving drinks down to the horror of his seatmates, it's an acquired taste.
FAIR It's not really a movie. It's Johnny Knoxville and his Jackass crew faking out real people into believing he's 86-year-old Irving Zisman, an old fart bag traveling cross-country.
GOOD While the screenplay is impressive and deserving of its recognition, it is Alan Arkin's performance-of-a-lifetime that separates this from other well-written small movies.
BAD Harmless enough as passable road movies go, but I can't help but wish directors of films like these would grow some damn balls.
GOOD I loved it, every bit of it.
FAIR Like little kids spouting dirty words in certain comedies, this film from first-time directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris undermines the subversive with the self-conscious. But it's still funny.
GOOD This inspirational, hilariously sad dysfunctional-family-road-trip dramedy offers absolutely everything -- except pretension.
FAIR A few touching and surprising moments aside, it all feels a little prefab, with family dysfunction as the indie version of a high concept.
GOOD Writer Michael Arndt has cleverly captured the bribery and corruption which lie at the heart of most families.
FAIR The chaotic dinner scene pops like syncopated jazz, setting the tone for a warm, funny film that has more smiles than belly laughs.
GOOD Accumulates depth and fleshes out its characters.
GOOD Charming, moving, warm and brilliantly hysterical, Little Miss Sunshine is easily the funniest thing I have seen in a theater in years.
GOOD Ride along to dysfunction in quirky indie comedy.
GOOD A hilariously caustic package that makes its ultimate uplift genuinely feel-good instead of insufferably saccharine.
GOOD a family road movie brimming with spot-on performances, hilarious situations, and plenty of good feeling - and it treats its comic characters with a rare affection.
GOOD A wonderful message movie, warts-an-all!
FAIR Royal Tenenbaums meets Malcolm in the Middle. Oh, and let's not forget Weekend at Bernie's.
BAD All indie-movie families may start out unhappy in their own way, but by the time the final credits roll, everyone remains complacent, confident of their brood's superiority.
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD This has gotta be one of the weirdest "family bonding" movies ever, but you know what...it worked!
BAD Little Miss Sunshine is an example of a very nicely done small movie about family that is content and secure enough to deliver everything in a simple, straightforward way, all while being silly and implausible.
GOOD This film opened five weeks ago on seven screens. In the entire country. So I can understand how you may have missed it. Now that it is on more then 1400 screens, you have no excuse.
GOOD Melancolico como sua bela trilha sonora, o filme oscila com talento entre a comedia e o drama enquanto seus personagens aprendem importantes licoes sobre o que e realmente relevante em nossa curta passagem por este planeta.
FAIR It won't enter the quirktastic-voyage hall of fame, but it's a refreshing ride nonetheless.
FAIR Sunny or dark, comedy should never be as predictable as Little Miss Sunshine.
FAIR ... a scrappy human comedy that takes an honest path to laughs and is twice as funny and touching for it.
FAIR Una mirada tierna y desinhibida a los conflictos, los temores, los fracasos y las esperanzas de una familia, con estupenda banda sonora y elenco.
FAIR This is a likeable, funny road movie about a dysfunctional family, but you know you've been down the same road before.
FAIR An intensely diverse family take a road trip that brings them closer in a hilarious picture that is unfortunately formulaic.
BAD For every good moment in Little Miss Sunshine, which is shaping up to be this summer's breakout indie hit, there are two that are forced, contrived, or overly cute.
BAD Each spike of satire is fitted with a safety-cap of feelgood reassurance.
GOOD ... this sparkling little gem takes the family road movie to unhoped-for heights of hilarity and humanity.
GOOD Little Miss Sunshine is a gem of a film, both uplifting and funny.
GOOD The hunt for the best comedy of 2006 ends, I suspect, right here.
GOOD Little Miss Sunshine offers, among other things, ensemble acting at its very best. You'd be hard pressed to find a funnier, more touching film this year.
GOOD One of the funniest films of the year. Unmissable.
GOOD An endearing tale that successfully finds the centre ground between the two genres glossed over by most mainstream movies.
BAD Unambitious and evaporates almost as rapidly as it plays out, but at least it knows what it is and only has one aim: to divert viewers for two hours.
BAD The frantic seventh installment in this highly successful comedy franchise is filled with throwaway gags and self-conscious scenes.
FAIR His best and most agreeable Madea comedy.
BAD Much of the film doesn't even play as Tyler Perry, but as yet another example in the evergreen "Eugene Levy slumming it for a paycheck" subgenre.
BAD The film is slapdash entertainment not meant to be further contemplated after leaving the theatre.
BAD There are laughs in it, according to the enthusiastic audience I saw it with, but they're pretty spaced out and belong to Madea. What happens between them is unremarkable.
BAD A big step backwards for a star who has better things to do.
FAIR As long as the movie focuses on Madea it is funny, and fun for the audience, but when the camera is off her the movie drags.
BAD In short, a real drag.
BAD Perry's writing shows a disturbing amount of cynicism, if not downright meanness, for a family movie.
BAD The writer-director-star still hasn't learned to smoothly blend broad comedy and family-values sermonizing.
BAD Reviewing a Tyler Perry movie is a bit like reviewing the weather report.
BAD Tyler Perry doesn't have to make sense, or a have a point. He's laughing all the way to the bank.
BAD The mighty Madea preaches, but with less fire this time.
FAIR The film remains buoyed by the same open heart that makes Tyler Perry's best work so endearing.
BAD Madea goes mainstream!
BAD A spectacularly slapdash and wearingly half-hearted effort from the prolific writer-director-actor, lacking energy, structure or common sense.
BAD A broad comedy that marches toward the mainstream further than ever thanks to the casting of, quite frankly, actors white people know
BAD I, frankly, was hoping for at least some hair-pulling.
BAD Tyler Perry brings the same persona that his fans come to expect, but the tone is fairly light on the laughs and short on the entertainment value. Madea's back, but Perry needs to write better material.
BAD A comedy that's too late to the Ponzi-scheme party to be topical, and not outrageous enough to take advantage of its own setups.
BAD As the incredibly awkward title suggests, Tyler Perry's Madea's Witness Protection is less a movie than it is an exercise in product branding.
BAD Father Hood isn't so much undemanding as vapid, disjointed rather than antic. And if this film is a romp, then so is bearbaiting.
BAD Despite its best intentions, Father Hood is destined to become leftovers in the video store.
BAD It does suggest, ultimately, that if more wards of the state would run off to join their fathers on cross-country crime sprees, we could lick these corrupt foster-care and inattentive-dad problems.
BAD If Swayze's performance is thin, that's nothing compared to the vapid logic that propels Father Hood.
FAIR While not a classic, Father Hood does offer a fairly exciting crime spree neutered into fun for the entire family.
BAD A story of mixed messages that focuses on contempt for the law, legal authority and public safety, it attempts to garner sympathy -- and, unfortunately, laughs -- during a violent cross-country pursuit.
BAD The terrible problem with "Father Hood" is that no one involved seemed to have any idea of what kind of movie it should be, and one feels their conflicting visions at play throughout.
BAD The movie develops a hopelessly split personality.
BAD Ah yes, the Patrick Swayze family comedy.
BAD I guess we're supposed to like Swayze's character because, at heart, he's a good guy who only robs drug dealers and tells his kids to buckle up their seatbelts when he's driving so as to elude police.
BAD Father Hood is a genial, simple-minded chase picture in which a small time thief learns to love his children. I didn't believe a single second of it, although I enjoyed a few of them.
BAD There is little to relieve the tedium of this film, except an impressive performance by little-known actress Sabrina Lloyd.
FAIR Fun with Dick and Jane is an extended Enron joke used to give Jim Carrey plenty of opportunity to mug for the camera. Everything else is more or less perfunctory to that.
BAD Consider it a signed confession of remake rape when a "produced by Jim Carrey" credit appears atop his noodle-limbed exaggeration of "I Believe I Can Fly." his corporate-greed satire doesn't just lack bite. It lacks gnaw. It even lacks nibble.
BAD In a strange way, it's fitting that a movie about people out of work should itself barely work.
BAD This cynical look at how the American family can only achieve their dreams through crime is a bit more of a political statement rather than comedic entertainment.
FAIR A sharp, funny shot at people taking their luxe life too seriously.
FAIR Se puede ver simple y sencillamente para pasar el rato, con una buena bolsa de palomitas y un refresco al lado.
FAIR A razor-sharp satire on class struggle and the evaporating America dream, which adroitly masquerades as a screwball star turn.
BAD If fun means money, this is near bankrupt.
GOOD Divertido e com uma boa mensagem politica, e um exemplo raro em Hollywood: uma comedia que, sem pregacoes, tem algo importante a dizer.
BAD A not-so-funny comedy is something we've unfortunately learned to live with. But an unfunny comedy with Jim Carrey out front?
BAD A more accurate title would be Not Much Fun With Dick and Jane - Carrey and Leoni keep this watchable but it's painfully light on laughs throughout.
FAIR Sure, you can go and have a few laughs, but it's going to be like that first big paycheck you got before you realized how much is taken off the top, it's just not as good as you hoped for.
BAD Sharp satire coexists uneasily with slapstick comedy... and unless you're Mel Brooks, any attempt to cram them into a blender and hit puree will produce something putrid.
BAD Carrey delivers farce when what is needed is satire.
BAD Carrey, in particular, seems to be working overtime in an effort to elicit laughs from some decidedly underwhelming material.
BAD Anyone who likes comedy with an edge will be disappointed at the way this film abandons its clever premise.
BAD It didn't totally suck.
BAD Like a piece of rancid gorgonzola cheese, this oozed its way into theaters as part of the holiday festivities (I guess Columbia Pictures was out of lumps of coal).
BAD Don't waste our time with sentimental homeless crap
BAD Carrey's exhuberance blows Leoni off the screen, and that is not a good thing. The movie is about Dick AND Jane!
GOOD The movie starts off silly, soon becomes funny and then skyrockets into irrepressible hilarity.
FAIR No, a remake of "Fun With Dick and Jane" wasn't necessary. But it's a funny, pleasant enough way to enjoy 90 minutes.
BAD Fun with Dick and Jane feels like a toothless financial fable desperately trying to weed out its satirical naughtiness.
FAIR Fun with Dick and Jane produces a handful of big laughs - big enough to make it worth a recommendation.
BAD Laughing at Dick and Jane in savings-account free fall is funny for awhile, but when the script equates Dick's problems with the plight of Mexican migrant workers, the laughs take on a bitter aftertaste.
FAIR An uninspired remake of the 1977 film with George Segal and Jane Fonda.
BAD Only fun if you lower your expectations or catch it two years later on TV when you're out of work and can't afford to pay the price of admission for a funnier movie.
FAIR Instead of being a satire of the boom-time keeping up with the Joneses, it morphs into more of a "consumption is king" reaffirmation of that dangerous attitude...would be funnier if it hadn't hurt so many people.
BAD There is some clever social satire here, but only in fits and starts, and never toward a cohesive goal.
BAD Basically, act one is too long, act two is too short and act three comes from another movie.
BAD What a waste!!!
BAD Fun With Dick and Jane is a rip-off -- in more ways than one.
BAD They are funny bits, but there are too few of them. Fun With Dick and Jane just isn't all that fun.
BAD Distances itself by avoiding satire and embracing big, dumb comedy.
BAD See Jim run. See Jim amusingly ad-lib. See Jim run his routine into the ground.
FAIR ...a whole lot better than one might've expected.
BAD my biggest complaint about the film is that it was too soft
FAIR Knoxville nao e um grande ator, mas o filme e suficientemente divertido (ainda que nao engracado) e tem um bom coracao.
BAD Navel-scratching slobs won't enjoy this any more than navel-gazing snobs once they catch a whiff of its overwhelming timidity.
GOOD Hilarious comedy with a superb script and strong comic performances - this is undoubtedly the funniest comedy of the year.
GOOD Knoxville gives an amazingly risky performance--how many actors would have dared to do this?
FAIR A director and cast who all seem to be in on the joke come as close to success as anyone could have with a premise that's finally just ... unfilmable.
BAD So blandly predictable, so shamelessly manipulative, so flatly directed and so unfunny that it's impossible for its good intentions to carry the day.
FAIR Surprisingly sweet and unexpectedly positive.
BAD The worthwhile bits are few and far between. In the rush to avoid exploiting the athletes, the filmmakers have stuck it to the audience instead. Not funny.
FAIR Predictable and unconvincing as romantic comedy, the movie is surprisingly sweet and funny whenever Steve is hanging out with his fellow Special Olympics players.
FAIR As in the best Special Olympics events, everyone finds a way to win.
FAIR An unexpectedly endearing comedy.
FAIR The movie is ultimately unclassifiable. It can't be dismissed as a cheap gimmick, nor can it be embraced as an earnest tribute.
BAD You could make a very funny comedy about a guy who pretends to be retarded so he can win the Special Olympics, but The Ringer isn't it.
FAIR Though the movie bears some of the Farrellys' trademark outrageous humor, it has a sweet demeanor and makes a noble statement.
BAD The movie dilutes its own outrageous setup with sitcom contrivance by introducing a ridiculous love-story subplot.
BAD The Ringer is too safe, too scaredy-cat to rile up paying customers.
FAIR No one will accuse The Ringer of being tasteful, but when you're not laughing, you may find yourself genuinely touched.
BAD The Ringer misses endless opportunities to have real fun or make points with the situation.
BAD A paint-by-numbers romantic comedy most notable for its determined inoffensiveness.
BAD The Ringer manages to avoid offending anyone -- the handicapped athletes are a savvy bunch -- but it also fails to provide any semblance of intelligence or wit.
BAD In striving to be fair beyond reproach, this movie misses many chances to be funnier. Good comedy doesn't make that choice, and great comedy doesn't have to.
BAD "The Ringer" wants to be all things to comedy audiences. It actually pulls this off about half the time.
BAD Nobody gets hurt, it doesn't make sense, and no one has any real fun either.
BAD Do yourself a favor and rent a very campy Radio instead.
BAD What's next in store for the twisted tandem (The Farrelly Brothers)--psychotic Katrina Hurricane victims that like to surf in sewer water?
BAD a marshmallow script that takes no risks with the material
FAIR When The Ringer was over, my world hadn't changed, but there was a smile that remained on my face.
GOOD ...skillfully handles its sensitive subject by turning the tables on its characters.
FAIR The real appeal of The Ringer is how this scrappy bunch rallies together like the nerds in Revenge of the Nerds.
BAD How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it? Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
BAD Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
FAIR Sadly cashes in on the original.
GOOD Anderson's woodsy thought process... elicits a thorough batch of the rainy summer daydreams where most grand childhood adventures and romances are so often had: in heads and hearts, if not in flesh.
BAD Wes Anderson remains trapped in the aquarium of his own imagination.
FAIR All the grounding you need comes from the performances of Hayward and Gilman as the young runaways. They seem to have internalized Anderson's wonky worldview completely.
GOOD To date my favorite Wes Anderson and I don't characterize myself as an Anderson fan.
GOOD Wes Anderson's darkest movie yet retains his whimsical sense of humour and Fantastic Mr Fox-styled absurdity.
GOOD At its heart, Moonrise Kingdom is a sweet and surprising love story with a healthy twist of typically warped humour.
GOOD The Houston native and University of Texas graduate beautifully blends humor and pathos to create what's bound to be one of the best movies of the year.
FAIR People who enjoy being immersed in his singular vision won't be disappointed at all.
GOOD Anderson's manner becomes a second skin and essential to the script, making Moonrise Kingdom a most comfortable way to watch matters uncomfortable.
GOOD In the summer of big, expensive superhero flicks, Moonrise Kingdom evokes awe, wonder and the magic of escapism in a much smaller and more precious way.
BAD Another quirky comedy from Wes Anderson who is an acquired taste I have not acquired.
GOOD a farce of whimsical philosophical import
GOOD It's like a picturesque, ride down a long countryside road in autumn bursting with wonderful imagery; richly developed characters complimented by an excellent score that quickly brings you into this small in scope, but big on brilliance effort.
GOOD Films that can charm kids and adults in equal measure are rare. This is one of them.
GOOD So precise it could be alien, so raw and aching it has to be human. Competes with the best of Anderson. A film to be celebrated.
GOOD With its deadpan dialogue and damaged characters, Moonrise Kingdom casts a unique and charming spell and is surprisingly hopeful.
GOOD Moonrise Kingdom remains - for the most part - a gem of a film, and clear indication that Wes Anderson is only getting better with age.
FAIR If you can fully get on Anderson's wavelength you may find this film transportive. I, however, thought it was far too quaint.
GOOD How Wes Anderson stitches it all together is far beyond the reach of most filmmakers. His approach is artful without pretension, gorgeous and composed without feeling forced, charming and innocent but never trite.
GOOD Moonrise Kingdom is a totally charming and enchanting piece of work from director Wes Anderson, who along with a great cast provide one of the delights of the year.
GOOD Moonrise Kingdom is enchanting and warm like fond memories of your first love; but with a self-awareness that sees the hilarity in the eccentrics that abound.
GOOD Wes Anderson's refreshingly original "Moonrise Kingdom" is an unconventional children's adventure for adults, filled with with striking colors, textures and humor, and teeming with childhood innocence.
GOOD ...it reminds us of the way we (mis)apprehended the world when we were children, the way we strained to hear the adults in conference, the way we looked for clues in their manner and fastened our attention on ... random or inconsequential details.
BAD The reputation of Wes Anderson as one of America's most consistently over-rated directors gets another boost with his latest exercise in stylistic posturing and forced whimsy.
GOOD The most Wes Anderson-ish film Wes Anderson has ever made, 'Moonrise Kingdom' won't convert any naysayers to the cause, but fans of his work will have a ball.
FAIR It's not my favourite Wes Anderson film but I do like it very much.
GOOD His singular take on young love on the run from any sort of authority has moments of sheer oddness, but it's all of a piece with his other work and you are either an Anderson fan or you're not.
GOOD There are many echoes of Anderson's earlier films, particularly Rushmore and Tenenbaums. He's an unapologetic romantic and Moonrise Kingdom is a study in wish-fulfillment.
GOOD Most will happily accept, and be truly enraptured by what unfolds.
GOOD Moonrise Kingdom is an extremely sweet and heartfelt portrayal of young love and how such love inspires the lives of others who encounter it.
GOOD A hit of nostalgia in 50 shades of brown
GOOD Around the time of his disappointing and detached The Life Aquatic, I wondered if Wes could still tell real stories. He can. His way. That is all we can ever ask of a filmmaker.
GOOD As detached as the filmmaking sometimes appears, I daresay you can feel something pure coming off of the screen. Moonrise Kingdom is a stellar film.
BAD It's a movie that should have been called on account of boredom.
BAD Big chunks of plot seem to be missing, as if left on the editing-room floor so that director Mike Tollin, in his feature debut, can get to yet another inspiring speech.
BAD Not even a cast of fresh-faced acting hotshots can give flavour to this bland and undistinguished teen sporting romance.
BAD Despite an enjoyable turn from Brittany Murphy, the cliched plot (local poor boy pitches his way to the Major League) ensures that's the best this forgettable teen fodder can hope for.
BAD The film steps up a notch when the action is on the field. However, many directors before him have portrayed the beloved sport better.
BAD A baseball movie with no baseball, no movie, and absolutely no love involved.
BAD If this is what the boys of summer are offering, I say bring on football season -- now!
BAD Not that this is a particularly dispicable film, it just doesn't try to do anything new and delivers mostly wooden performances.
BAD Perhaps Freddie is simply a pawn in some sinister plan to destroy his career...
BAD Call this one foul.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. has become the opposite of the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. His face on a movie poster guarantees a bad time.
BAD Whitman is right: Baseball is our poetic register, and so I've become whimsical for the days of tee-ball and George Brett and when baseball movies were beautiful.
BAD Check it out if you're drunk and looking for a shoulder-shrugging time-waster...
BAD Notable only for the spectacle of watching both Prinze and Biel getting out-performed in the same motion picture by Matthew Lillard.
BAD In the interest of maintaining the status quo running time of 80-some minutes, we are subjected to a painfully ugly series of subplots and side characters.
BAD Inoffensive, but utterly generic, the baseball-related romantic comedy does little more than kill time.
BAD It's almost any botched play analogy you can think of, though never exciting enough to be compared to a strike-out or even to a wild pitch.
BAD Will Ryan get a big league contract or spend the rest of his life mowing lawns? Will Ryan get the girl? Is baseball still America's pastime?
BAD Especially in the moments when Prinze Jr. is supposed to be an "angry young man," the movie veers dangerously toward unintentional comedy.
BAD Because I'm a baseball fan, I tend to be an easy mark for baseball-themed movies, but something as badly focused and feebly scripted as Summer Catch just makes me wish for the Fall.
BAD [The film is] directed by Michael Tollin with such a lack of imagination that it almost boggles the mind.
BAD So cloyingly heartfelt that it's all you can do not to giggle every time someone makes a prophetic, lovestruck proclamation.
FAIR There's expert direction by Michael Tollin, pleasing performances by the two young stars ... and strong support from a solid supporting cast.
BAD There are no surprises to be had--except that somehow, some way, the fluke that is Freddie Prinze Jr.'s film career has managed to go on for another couple of hours.
BAD A glossily filmed, well-acted comedic drama that gets buried in one scene and the next of worn-out material.
BAD This feature is like a double header, two sets of cliches for the price of one.
BAD This lightweight, poor boy-rich girl romance.
BAD Part of the problem with Summer Catch is that it can't decide if it wants to be a comedy or a drama.
BAD Summer Catch is the equivalent of a full-course meal with no calories. It is a mirage of a movie, 100 minutes of nothing.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. and Matthew Lillard try to score on and off the field in Summer Catch, a film that aspires to spice baseball with sex. But the result is more bull than Bull Durham.
GOOD Cute animated movie with a message for kids.
FAIR It's a fun adventure fantasy, and I was never bored...
BAD While the animation, particularly in the action set pieces, is indeed well done, it's nothing revolutionary nor imaginative that stands out from the rest in this CG-feature-a-week marketplace.
FAIR Ten year old Lucas Nickle ( the voice of Zach Tyler Eisen) stomps an anthill after an encounter with neighborhood bullies. With the help of a magic potion, the ants shrink the boy down to their size. The insects are about to get even and Lucas will learn
FAIR The film acknowledges that faith is an important part of our social fabric, and if the film has any moral lessons to pass on, it implicitly roots them in a spiritual foundation.
GOOD Besides keeping us entertained and occasionally thrilled, there's a nice sense that the film is actually saying something.
GOOD Enjoyable, brightly animated adventure with strong characters, superb gags and a script that isn't afraid to throw in a spot of political subtext.
BAD Writer-director John A Davis has one or two nice touches, but the film is disposable.
BAD It's not that Bully bugged me. It just never managed to fly.
BAD Just another bug movie.
FAIR It all seems very workaday.
BAD As kiddie entertainment it works well, with simple humour and lots of action. But there's not a lot to appeal to any accompanying adults.
FAIR It does have a spunky pace and the clever humor Davis' team brought to the Jimmy Neutron movie and TV series.
BAD Ant Bully, though short and well voiced, is nowhere near as important or influential as it tries to make itself seem and it feels more unnecessary than anything else.
FAIR Crawling with marvelous microcosmic animation ... A family cartoon for anyone who ever smashed an ant-pile as a kid and lived to regret it.
BAD The only thing it inspired in me was a sudden urge to spray the screen with Raid.
FAIR Families should swarm to "The Ant Bully.
FAIR Since it's hot out, and worth a matinee, take the kiddies.
BAD Burdened by a distinctly "been there, done that" vibe that I can't imagine will generate much excitement, even with the kiddies.
BAD It's not a lot more than the movie that came out between last week's Monster House and next week's Barnyard.
FAIR There's quite a bit of inventiveness here, which I found myself getting caught up in, even though it was a foregone conclusion where the film was heading.
FAIR Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.
FAIR ... good family fun.
FAIR ... unnecessary ...
FAIR ... a visually inventive charmer that nimbly juggles slapstick comedy, action sequences, and coming-of-age 'life lessons' with a refreshing minimum of sap.
FAIR ... The Ant Bully is just a great ride, but all that moralizing diminishes the fun of feeling ant-sized yourself and being immersed in Lucas's incredible adventures.
FAIR The screenplay is blessedly free of mediocre songs and light on flashy pop-culture in-jokes ...
FAIR If the Ant Bully story is generic, it is never plodding. It zips along quite nicely, aided by the especially well-constructed action sequences.
FAIR [T]he movie certainly means well, and its worthwhile message (teamwork is good, selfishness is bad) should penetrate the brains of kids old enough to stay in their seats and pay attention to it.
GOOD The brilliance of The Ant Bully is in the crafty way it delves into the minds of ants as they plot to save themselves from extermination... Davis creates a marvelously labyrinthine society for them, right below the surface of a bland suburb.
FAIR The Ant Bully isn't a kid classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion until the next ant movie comes along.
FAIR Bright visuals, snappy dialogue and a smart plot make The Ant Bully a welcome summer treat.
FAIR Though the story is predictable, the message is benign, and the visuals, particularly in IMAX 3-D, are stylized and surreal.
BAD While the picture has the star power of Nicolas Cage and Julia Roberts voicing insects in love, they're not nearly as interesting a couple as Woody Allen and Sharon Stone in Antz.
BAD This generic exercise in computer-generated animation may provide passable entertainment for very young children, but adults will be less than enchanted by its preachiness, talkiness and Communist Party-line political views.
FAIR The Ant Bully does not talk down to kids or feign to talk up to their parents with pop references, though adults may be amused (or maybe not) by the Christian parallel in the ants' religion.
FAIR It would be wrong to dismiss The Ant Bully as just another bug movie.
GOOD The Ant Bully is the summer's best family movie -- funny, action-packed, sometimes disgusting, sometimes affecting.
GOOD Witty Woody Allen film about marriage and maybe murder.
GOOD ...Woody Allen at his best.
FAIR Although "Manhattan Murder Mystery" struggles with its own contrivances, it achieves a gentle, nostalgic grace and a hint of un-self-conscious wisdom.
GOOD Terrific Woody Allen thrill comedy with the great Keaton co-starring as a plus.
GOOD A deft blend of humor and suspence. It's almost as if Allen missed his calling to direct thrillers.
FAIR A cute Allen comedy; not one of his classics, but has some inspired moments.
GOOD A frequently funny flick that reminds one of the younger, odder Woody Allen.
FAIR As if William Powell were back with Myrna Loy or Gracie Allen with George Burns, Keaton and Allen revel in each other's presence.
FAIR "Manhattan Murder Mystery" is an accomplished balancing act.
BAD A pathetic comedy where the highlight is an inside joke that Richard Pryor's character flips the bird with the wrong finger.
BAD Sitcom-style silliness about (get this!) the hazards of MOVING.
GOOD As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
GOOD Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
GOOD Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
GOOD Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
GOOD Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
GOOD It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
GOOD Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
GOOD Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
GOOD Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
FAIR Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
BAD I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
GOOD ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
GOOD All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
GOOD Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
GOOD The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
GOOD Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
GOOD They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
GOOD It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
GOOD Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
GOOD The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
GOOD Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
GOOD Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
BAD Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
GOOD Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
GOOD Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
GOOD Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
GOOD Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
GOOD To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
BAD Romance, pratfalls, grossout jokes in lame comedy.
BAD [It] just gets dumber and dumber.
BAD Head Over Heels isn't exactly terrible - it's just completely uninspired.
BAD The girls decide to conduct their own wacky investigation, with consequences that are at best negligibly humorous.
BAD Between the ridiculous stereotypes and "stupid model" jokes, the comedy in Head Over Heels stands up. The romance, on the other hand, simmers but never really boils.
BAD Head Over Heels may bear some superficial resemblance to a movie, but don't be fooled -- it's really just a marketing strategy, a loose assemblage of components each pitched to a particular demographic.
BAD When anyone's not delivering the groaners that pass for zingers, someone bumps into something and has a 'hilarious' pratfall.
BAD For all their charm, even they can't salvage the clunker outfitting them.
BAD Lo mas recomendable es que la tomen como una de las ultimas opciones o que de plano vayan y renten algun buen video.
GOOD I flipped for it.
BAD Potter has the presence, charisma, looks and talent to be a romantic comedy star, but Head Over Heels is the wrong movie to push that effort forward.
BAD Just like an unholy creature put together from the dead, Head Over Heels threatens to fall apart in motion and lives up to its pledge.
BAD Awful, detestable and horrible.
BAD The movie needs Meg Ryan or Jenna Elfman (and a better script).
BAD Just another bland, fair-to-middling vehicle for two emerging, fledgling stars.
BAD One of those movies that ostensibly takes place in the real world ... but is so ineptly plotted it's practically senseless.
FAIR It's hard to make a romantic thriller click in the best of circumstances, and this one takes low aim at a young audience weaned on gross-out gags.
BAD Light stuff, the cinematic equivalent of the airy wax paper that separates cold cuts on a delicatessen scale.
BAD The setting and the premise are promising, but the creators unduly complicate matters with a silly murder-mystery subplot.
FAIR Grows on you like a warm, fuzzy fungus, overcoming your better judgment with a lively pace and a surprising number of laughs.
BAD Head Over Heels, like Mr. Prinze's other movies, exists in a realm beyond sense, and it induces in the viewer a trancelike state, leaving the mind free to ponder the mysteries of the universe.
FAIR Some vivid moments, but overall, just so-so.
GOOD The most dense, fascinating collage of notions and meta-narrative references and formal tinkering in Soderbergh's whole career.
GOOD It's a doodle movie, a sketchbook. I was held by the tinkering quality of it, though.
BAD Soderbergh's movie likely will appeal more to filmmakers than filmgoers.
BAD Click to read review
FAIR a dizzyingly convoluted exploration of sex, art, identity and reality
BAD ...Soderbergh has essentially gone full circle and made his artiest flick yet. Trouble is, it's just not terribly interesting.
BAD Should've been released as a lowkey DVD.
FAIR I sort of enjoyed it, but the movie plays amateurish and doesn't tell us anything new.
BAD Somewhere under the layers of pretentiousness and in-jokes and cleverness and reflexivity and artsiness and talk, there is probably a film lurking. I didn't find it.
BAD While it does beat watching paint dry, at least watching paint dry gives you a sense of something having been accomplished.
BAD The story is so unmoored and the characters so ill-defined that the overall effect is vacuous.
BAD Little more than a Dogme 95 film with Julia Roberts looking like a baboon.
FAIR ...feels like a featurette in a better movie's DVD.
BAD Soderbergh should be ashamed of himself for trying to pass this off as entertainment.
BAD a pretentious, shapeless, often boring jumble of a film that is pretending to be a spontaneous, improvised work of art made against the mainstream Hollywood machine.
BAD Full Frontal has some fun parts, but the sum of them never adds up to much.
FAIR I will recommend it to anyone wanting to see something different.
FAIR Works because it is unafraid to be so open, rough and unresolved.
BAD Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is, this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done.
BAD Steven Soderbergh overpowers himself in proving the point that directors are way too controlling. Have a few issues, do we?
BAD It's too self-aware of its own irony. It makes sure the audience knows this and tries to be cute about the whole thing at the expense of its own characters, inviting us to laugh at them.
BAD If Soderbergh wanted to expose the business up close and personal with the sincere simplicity of a mere camera lens, then couldn't he have accomplished this feat without the sledgehammer direction of a labored and obvious spoof?
FAIR Unfortunately, what Soderbergh's ended up with looks and feels like a half-baked John Cassavettes film where everyone improvises their dialogue.
BAD Gives a bad name to 'art' 'movies' everywhere.
BAD Maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages, but something aboul "Full Frontal" seems, well, contrived.
BAD It's as difficult to imagine someone who will find nothing to like in Full Frontal as it is to conceive of someone who can embrace everything it offers.
FAIR Penetratingly draws us in to this passing snapshot of just a few of the many unsatisfying lives in Tinseltown.
BAD Even Steven Soderberg describes this as a sketch, an experiment, an exercise, so when one character sighs, "I want this day to be over," I found myself nodding in agreement.
FAIR Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable.
BAD Competent, but joyless.
BAD There is fun to be had and it's exciting (for a moment) to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout.
BAD The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling, to tedious parrying, to outright terribly edited, CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence.
FAIR "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides" is not really a bad film, it's more so a disappointing and forgettable one
FAIR ... continues not only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
FAIR By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck.
FAIR Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable, but middling, forgettable sequel.
FAIR It's not as bad as everyone says. It's just missing the playfulness of the first two films.
FAIR If it had been cut to about 90 minutes, this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace. As it is, it's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments.
BAD After four movies, Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy, waterlogged plank that's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long.
BAD Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here.
BAD Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination, something that cannot be said of its predecessors, convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been.
FAIR This is a darker, more soulful entry with some fun set pieces. But it's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can make a slight plot interesting. Time to lay anchor for good?
FAIR As far as franchise films go, this one is better than the previous two. On its own, the film still lacks depth, but is at least entertaining.
FAIR Pirates 4 a worthy adventure.
BAD This installment is better than the last two, in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung.
BAD It all goes on and on, and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever, and there's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production.
FAIR Welcome to the fourth installment of "Avast and the Furious."
FAIR It's not the summer's must-see movie, but it's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told.
FAIR This latest chapter isn't sharp enough to restore the sense of discovery that made that 1st outing so exciting, but it's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one.
GOOD Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films. It's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope 'Road' Pictures.
BAD You need two chalices, one with a mermaid's tear in it, which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ'S BOOBS ALREADY?.
BAD It fails to completely recapture the magic.
FAIR PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original.
BAD feels largely unnecessary, especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003, is starting to wear a little thin.
BAD A total bore, without a memorable action sequence, the film miscalculates from the start...
BAD Harpoon it; run it through with a saber; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise (and us) out of its misery.
BAD Doesn't really have any kind of personality or identity on its own. It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
BAD Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story, and never given a real reason to be on this so-called adventure.
FAIR At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence.
BAD Sadly it's just as dull, convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were.
FAIR ...because the characters are so likable and their plan for breaking into the safe is genuinely interesting, it's easy enough to overlook the few dull spots.
GOOD a non-too-subtle satire on ... the crime genre, with especially good pokes at Jules Dassin's heist masterpiece Rififi
GOOD Bizarre, underrated black comedy deserving rediscovery
BAD The writing is humorous, if not especially daring. The editing, though, could be more crisp.
FAIR Simply goes on way too long, the good parts diluted by marginal material the same way anchovies'll ruin a perfectly good Meat Lover's Special.
BAD With a plot lacking no urgency, Shrek 3 is a well-animated film containing a few standout, but ultimately throwaway sequences that don't do enough to sustain our interest.
BAD From its humble, elegant origins as a slim children's book by William Steig, Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general.
BAD Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series. It is too often sappy, tiresome, and overblown. A franchise such as Shrek, with all the money it has accumulated, should be able to buy a little freshness and originality. But instead
BAD The best thing it has going for it is its look, which is stunning.
FAIR Though the devious wit of the original remains, it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes (courtesy of Led Zeppelin, Heart and Paul McCartney) and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula.
BAD The problem with this film is that after a quick, fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film. Except this time, Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona.
GOOD Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals.
BAD To trito sequel mias ap' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation, poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto, olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei, ap' o,ti fainetai, pia eksantlithei.
FAIR Shrek the Third, which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child's play and adult humor, creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away.
BAD It's far too open in its desires (MAKING MONEY) to be hate-worthy.
FAIR The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments.
GOOD Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence.
FAIR This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and, at times, even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding.
FAIR It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after.
BAD There can't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply doesn't achieve what the first two films managed: to appeal to kids and parents as well.
GOOD From beginning to end, it's very, very funny. Watch it. It's great.
BAD It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they're still (just about) winning.
FAIR Unfortunately, a few flashes of brilliance don't stop this being a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant first two films. don't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds.
FAIR Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they've seen it all before. Which isn't quite the fairytale ending we'd all hoped for.
FAIR There's no doubt Shrek The Third will make potloads of money. Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions. When it's good it's great. Overall, though, the magic is lacking.
BAD Shrek the Third isn't awful, but it's bland, with a barrel-scraping averageness.
BAD Children may devour the slapstick, but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour.
FAIR "Ogre and out" say the critics, but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs.
BAD A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors. Time to call time, we think.
BAD Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals, which remain predictably impressive, but in the all-important gag rate. To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
FAIR Uninspired threequel, though the animation is better than ever and there's a steady stream of chuckles, even if it does lack the magic of the previous films.
FAIR Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who, believe it or not, felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons.
FAIR Great animation and good jokes.
FAIR Yo no se si habra una Shrek 4, pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversion se mantienen no me importaria en absoluto volver a visitar ese reino muy, muy lejano.
FAIR Shrek the Third is the X-Men: The Last Stand of Shrek movies: overstuffed with characters, short and fast-paced, and overdone just enough to convince some that it's time for the series to take a rest.
FAIR [Seus] valores de producao jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador. Infelizmente, o mesmo nao pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa, que empalidece em comparacao aos capitulos anteriores.
BAD What's lacking is that intangible sense of fun, of inventiveness, of ingenuity, that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends, grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see.
BAD Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't bring shame to anyone, it doesn't bring anyone any glory either.
BAD Antonio should use his Puss n' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel.
BAD Decent, but not as good as the first two films.
BAD ...odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so...
GOOD Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
FAIR A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
GOOD Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
FAIR On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
GOOD Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
FAIR Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
FAIR It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
FAIR Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
GOOD Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
GOOD The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
FAIR With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
GOOD A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
GOOD One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
GOOD It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
GOOD For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
FAIR So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
GOOD One of the best comedies MGM made in the 1950s.
GOOD First rate Hollywood comedy, with good support from its stars and Elizabeth Taylor at her loveliest.
GOOD A honey of a picture of American family life.
FAIR Middle-brow comedy that makes you wonder about Minnelli's reputation.
FAIR An endless array of laughs and goosebump fodder
GOOD Spencer Tracy's comic talent carries the more dated aspects of this sweet domestic tale.
BAD If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters. In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
BAD It's one thing for the leads to not share believable romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not even striking believable negative vibes as a divorced couple.
BAD An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
BAD Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
BAD This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not conceived by storytellers.
BAD It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
BAD Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint. Bland, bland, bland.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
BAD The movie breaks out the usual cliches of the genre ... There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
BAD It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food. You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
BAD Hunter shoots and misses.
FAIR Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends." This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
BAD There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
BAD Did no one notice this thing was lying on the floor like a landed fish while they were making the film?
BAD Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
BAD You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
BAD There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
BAD The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
BAD The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
BAD The perfect watch if you don't fancy a challenge. Any sort of challenge at all.
BAD Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
BAD The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list. The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
BAD The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking. If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
BAD I'm actually yawning as I type this.
BAD I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
BAD Not so much a comedy thriller as a case of arrested development.
BAD Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
BAD How could anyone not be interested in a film combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
BAD A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
BAD Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
BAD a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
BAD Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory. The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
BAD The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
BAD Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle. Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
BAD Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
BAD To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
BAD Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
BAD You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
BAD This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
BAD Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
FAIR In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
BAD Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
BAD The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
BAD Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
BAD A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
FAIR Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
BAD We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
BAD Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
BAD Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
BAD Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
BAD While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
BAD Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
BAD Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
BAD Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
FAIR Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
BAD Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
FAIR ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
BAD Morgans not worth hearing from.
FAIR A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
FAIR With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
BAD You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
BAD Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
BAD Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
FAIR The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
BAD It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
BAD I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
BAD Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
BAD Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
BAD Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
BAD Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
BAD A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
BAD The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
GOOD A lovely Italian palette that questions if we can settle down to a life of struggle without having first lived life at its best.
GOOD What is happiness within the film's world? Fellini offers no easy answers.
GOOD Everything has changed, and nothing has changed. How sour it still is.
GOOD Along with his later 8 1/2, La Dolce Vita is regarded as one of acclaimed Italian director Federico Fellini's best-loved and most influential films. The '60s-set tale of one man's struggle with the so-called "sweet life" stars Marcello Mastroi
GOOD In spite of its thematic ugliness, this is a stunning-looking trawl through the Italian capital, with Ekberg's impromptu paddle in the Trevi fountain still the films enduring image.
GOOD Magico e inesquecivel, representa nao apenas um fascinante estudo de personagem, mas tambem um mergulho dilacerante na fragilidade humana. E Ekberg tornou-se, para sempre, uma das maiores personificacoes de sensualidade oferecidas pelo Cinema.
GOOD ...experienced as a series of bizarre vignettes, a headlong rush into the heady air of Rome's Via Veneta , its swank nightclubs and seedy gigolos, the perfume of fame and the stink of money.
GOOD Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" operates on so many levels that it's tough to know where Fellini is coming from or where he's headed, regardless of how many times you've watched his film.
GOOD After what we've seen of decadence during the past three decades or so, La Dolce Vita now seems tame, but people wasting time in nightclubs, dancing in the fountains of Rome, and just generally hanging out seemed a bit of a shock in 1960.
GOOD My heart wants to tell you that it's a great film, but my head fights it. I can settle it by saying that it's important, and that its joys outnumber its missteps.
GOOD This remains a landmark movie that should be seen by every self-respecting movie buff.
GOOD Primo Fellini!
GOOD What's incredible about Federico Fellini's work is its sense of life. Never once does this movie feel constructed or contrived, but rather appears to be unraveling before us, unscripted and uninhibited.
GOOD Rather than wallow in cynicism, Fellini's genius is characterised by a zest for life -- albeit a tragically insatiable one -- as he sprinkles dreamlike snapshots like glitter in the darkness.
GOOD Roman opera, a nocturnal vision demarcated by dawns, purring a siren's call of temptation and dissolution.
GOOD For all of its great moments, it's the tender sadness Fellini creates that makes "La Dolce Vita" resonate more than 40 years later.
GOOD A timeless, bittersweet carnival of severed roots, disintegrating values, lost innocence and dumbing down. Unmissable!
GOOD It's a comic, cutting and prophetic poem to Rome, movie stars, gossip and the lifestyles we have hungered to know more about ever since the first 'celebrity.'
GOOD Federico Fellini's parody of the parasites who bask in the glory of cheap publicity not only exposes the emptiness of their lives, but also of those who report their antics as if they were of world-shattering import.
GOOD Fellini's world is a joy to behold
GOOD As much as La Strada, 8 1/2 or Amarcord, La Dolce Vita still marks a summit of Fellini and of post-war Italian moviemaking.
GOOD It's just perfect.
GOOD [Fellini's] poetic sensibilities are in full effect. There's also a tremendous soulfulness that roots the movie's depiction of sin in the soil of introspection.
GOOD It received universal acclaim upon its release in 1960, and in retrospect it's the work that best represents its director.
GOOD A profound film by a legendary director in the greatest period of his career.
GOOD Truly unforgettable.
GOOD In sum, it is an awesome picture, licentious in content but moral and vastly sophisticated in its attitude and what it says.
GOOD Richly detailed, provocative and more than a little disconcerting, it represents a major filmmaker on the verge of his complete power.
GOOD As thought provoking as it is playful, as tragic as it is hilarious, La Dolce Vita is prime Fellini.
GOOD La Dolce Vita is the kind of movie you wanna grow old with.
GOOD Fellini's best film, in which the fragility of the characters is not overwhelmed by the director's decadent indulgences.
GOOD I consider it to be one of the greatest films of all time.
BAD There are some decent performances here, particularly from Jill Scott, but they just can't save the cliched material from weighing down the whole film.
BAD Tyler Perry's worst film.
BAD Hopelessly inert and dreary.
BAD Perry has plugged a hole in the market, for sure; it's just all a bit pleased with itself.
BAD Go to see it and you may ask yourself why did I bother?
BAD Fans of utter predictability will be well satisfied.
BAD Even a scene with Janet Jackson trashing a living room cannot lighten the laboured atmosphere.
BAD Undermined by its inability to stand separately from its predecessor.
BAD Sometimes shrill, always uneven...
BAD It becomes clear why Oprah is such a huge Perry fan.
BAD It's gone way past film bad -- all the way to crime bad, and personally I'd put the act of making Why Did I Get Married Too? on a level with seven burglaries.
BAD Basically, it's Barbershop with bigger bucks.
BAD The story is relentlessly bland and the script constantly panders to its family values-obsessed audience, neutering all the characters in the process.
GOOD Renaissance Man Tyler Perry proving he still has his finger on the pulse via yet another, madcap, marital melodrama apt to resonate with the collective conscious of the black community.
BAD One trip to this well was enough. The cast, returning from the first film, is good enough but the story is shrill and unnerving. By the time a tacky ending arrives the audience is ready for something a little lighter and a little brighter.
FAIR Not as clever or as dramatic as the first outing, 'Why Did I Get Married Too?' still is an enjoyable outing for the ensemble created by Tyler Perry.
FAIR It shows a maturing in Perry's work from the pandering of his men-are-all-dogs films.
BAD Like most of Perry's treasures, Why Did I Get Married Too? seems to have been shot with no script and on a single take; the majority of dialogue overheard at your local mall's food court is leagues more entertaining.
BAD I suppose it was inevitable in our post-Tiger Woods world that the golf club should be added to the Perry arsenal of womanly rage.
BAD Burdened with a bevy of unlikely plot twists, this is less a movie sequel than the latest installment in a big-screen soap opera.
BAD Another sure moneymaker but this is a weak effort from the Tyler Perry machine
BAD Easygoing effort at times feels over-baked and too full of Perry's now-trademarked melodramatics.
BAD Love heals in mature, melodramatic marriage dramedy.
FAIR Not only is Perry in tune with his audience as always, he's unquestionably growing as a cinematic artist.
FAIR If Perry's cinematic vision remains less than 20/20, his sagacity gets stronger by the movie.
BAD Worth mentioning is the queasy dynamic in which the male characters' violent impulses are condemned in theory but, when acted on, seem to be implicitly excused, or at least overlooked.
BAD [It] plays like an empty but diverting beach read. Your brain recognizes that the dialogue, for example, doesn't come from any place that remotely resembles relationship reality.
BAD Perry sticks with the pedestrian shots and a Lifetime network aesthetic. He doesn't even take advantage of the film's exotic Bahamian setting.
BAD It's nice to have things we can rely on in this unpredictable life, and among the most reliable of all are Tyler Perry movies.
BAD For the prolific Tyler Perry, Why Did I Get Married Too? is nothing if not more of the same.
BAD 'Married Too?' isn't the perfect film about the challenges of being married, but Perry brings enough issues to the table to enlighten and entertain the audience.
BAD The Back-Up Plan has all of the cliches of a bad rom com, but it's not enough to fall into that formula. It also tries to be a raunch fest
BAD Has an intriguing concept, but with tired jokes, dumb characters and uninspired direction, the execution is botched all around making for a perfect example of all that's bad with the romantic comedy genre.
BAD Alan Poul's "The Back-Up Plan" is another film in a long line of films that are formulaic to the bone, containing little to no originality, all while following around characters that we could care less about.
BAD ...comes off as an almost prototypical example of a modern romantic comedy...
BAD This movie feels just like J-Lo's 'Back-Up Plan'.
BAD J-Lo je uspjena vlasnica trgovine koja se zakora&#269;ivi u 30-e mora suo&#269;iti s nimalo ugodnom spoznajom da nije pronala "Gospodina Pravog"
BAD J.Lo romcom bursts with frank pregnancy, sex talk.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Even though it's both silly and sappy, it has a vaguely realistic tone that lets us identify with the characters
BAD Saunters along as if all concerned had decided that imagination and flair were either unnecessary or impossible.
BAD Jennifer Lopez is famous for one reason only. And odds are, that's where she found the script for The Back-up Plan.
BAD The cast is fine but the film is strident and bland. Having an Audrey Hepburn DVD on standby might be the best back-up plan.
BAD The Back-up Plan is nothing if not a terrible movie.
BAD It's nice to have Jennifer Lopez back on the big screen - delivering the lines and handling the slapstick with ease. Here's hoping she has a hit on her hands and doesn't need a back-up plan.
BAD A romcom that can't be called "formulaic" without insulting formulas everywhere.
BAD It's not a movie -- it's a piece of product.
BAD To be forgotten forever.
BAD The are many things that I don't want to come back, such as the Black Death, volcanic dust clouds and J-Lo rom-coms.
BAD Lopez deserves better than this excruciating material. In fact, all actors do.
BAD Sporadically amusing but rarely inspired.
BAD It's a film that raises the larger question of why we're seeing vehicles for high profile female stars, written by women, that nevertheless manage to be intensely patronising towards women.
BAD If this is a comeback, let's hope J-Lo's got something else up her sleeve.
GOOD This romcom is as predictable and contrived as they come, especially when they have to break-up before inevitably getting back together for the happy ending. But it's also funny and sweet, with some amusing lines.
BAD In the end not even a good comeback performance from Lopez can make this anything more than a forgettable date movie.
BAD As witty as Gigli, as Shakespearean as The Wedding Planner, this limp rom-com bumps from one piece of comic furniture to another.
FAIR If you can get over the impossibly glamorous lifestyle of the immaculately groomed Zoe and the pumped-up pecs of the good guy goat farmer then Will & Grace screenwriter Kate Angelo's script will strike a few chords.
BAD Disappointing romcom that has an original premise and some nice ideas but ultimately drowns them out with poor writing, irritating support characters, an overdose of sentimentality and a string of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD "The Back-Up Plan" is a stupid, unfunny, gross and annoying film. Let's just get that out of the way right now.
BAD Back-Up Needs a Better Plan.
BAD Want to see lots of barf scenes? How about tons of references to genitalia? What about several poop-focused jokes?
BAD The Back-Up Plan represents a major comeback for Jennifer Lopez. Unfortunately, she's come back to making crap.
BAD This isn't a motion picture so much as it's a new form of Chinese water torture.
BAD Here is yet another example of a genre where there are so many examples of how to do it right that it's amazing how they keep getting it wrong.
BAD CBS Films had a love child with the Lifetime Network. The spawn of that conjugal nightmare is crawling across movie screens, leaving a trail of mediocrity in its wake.
BAD As a pregnant single woman, Jennifer Lopez glows spectacularly. Director Alan Poul's bland baby comedy, however, appears to have been a light labor.
BAD Why call it a movie when it's really more of an extended, cutesy TV episode that ought to come with a laugh track and a vibrator?
BAD Jennifer is beautiful but the movie is too cutesy and predictable
FAIR Not the best romantic comedy, but as an expectant mother it's humor engaged me!
BAD It's fortunate that Jennifer Lopez has her own back-up plan as a pop singer because her taste in romantic comedies reeks of formulaic and stale.
FAIR I'd only recommend it if you feel you'd like fluffy made-for-TV musicals.
BAD ...ultimately overlong and forgettable, despite the best efforts of an exceedingly game cast.
FAIR pretty harmless and almost wholly unmemorable, but considerably better than a lot of animated junk that's passed off as kiddie fare.
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ... You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness. Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
GOOD One very off-the-wall movie that never for a moment bothers to make a great deal of sense.
BAD ...The Great New Wonderful boasts a pervasively aimless atmosphere that slowly but surely wears the viewer down and ensures that the film's overtly positive elements are ultimately rendered moot.
FAIR While it's not always successful at doing so, this film does have its perceptive, thoughtful moments. And it features one of the best ensemble casts in recent memory.
GOOD [The characters], like us, are looking for answers in a rare movie that boldly and thoughtfully asks the right questions.
GOOD Luminous, affecting, and at times humorous take on 9/11's aftermath.
GOOD There's an emotional truth to TGNW that can be denied or ignored, and it comes through if you give the movie a chance.
FAIR While the film rarely imparts a true sense of messy everyday feelings and the strife of real life, the fine actors take your mind off the shortcomings.
FAIR The movie itself is having an identity crisis; it tries to make 9/11 a significant day in these people's lives and it has nothing to do with that day, both at the same time.
FAIR It's in the Magnolia/Short Cuts vein and, although it's not as good as those classics, the characters and their dilemmas are absorbing.
FAIR Set on the one-year anniversary of the twin towers' collapse, the drama interweaves five stories about New Yorkers. It's a testament to the city's resolve to resume life as normal.
FAIR This is a film that never really says what's it's about, and may in fact not be about much of anything other than the zeitgeist of the era. Which, if you think about it, is plenty.
FAIR There's a lot to admire about this movie, especially its lack of sentimental manipulation when dealing with the topic of 9/11.
FAIR Better character-connection would inject this well photographed episodic journey around the island with a higher level of dramatic justification.
FAIR It's a shame that The Great New Wonderful occasionally strains as it reaches all around New York, searching for touched lives and subtext; it's an overachiever already.
BAD This is one of the more depressing films to come out this year.
FAIR Sam Catlin's script may actually be a little too subtle, and connective tissue joining this diverse group of characters is rendered perilously thin.
GOOD Keenly observed and beautifully acted, Danny Leiner's The Great New Wonderful is a seriocomic gem of rare grace and psychological nuance.
BAD The stories don't really connect, and for all the film's portentous shots of the changed skyline, there's no sense that 9/11 really changed these people.
BAD Why is such a talented cast doing such weak material? This finally becomes clear an hour in, when most of the actors get to do what they love: play emotional breakdowns.
GOOD The stories are eye-opening and heartwarming at the same time, but you'll be moved less by empathy for the characters than by the summoning of your own emotional memories. This movie is personal.
GOOD This mysteriously rich, mostly wonderful comedy-drama takes place in September 2002, when the lives of its unconnected New Yorkers have returned to something that looks like normal. 'Normal' being a thin layer of tissue paper over the abyss.
FAIR Leiner's portrait of a post 9/11 New York shows a fragile population, jumpy and sad.
GOOD A riveting and quirky movie about the aftershocks of 9/11 in the lives of a group of people still in denial a year later.
BAD Exhibits no trace of the random, goofy humor found in Leiner's first two directorial efforts.
FAIR Danny Leiner's film offers a collection of quiet, tidy vignettes that occur simultaneously in New York City a year after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
BAD I'm not surprised that in my youth I thought Shallow Grave was a pretty cool movie. What surprises me now is that the adults at the time gave this ridiculous movie a pass.
GOOD "Shallow Grave" is a story that goes from bad to worse to nasty during its duration. The performances are solid as you can never get a clear read on anyone's motives right until it's about to be revealed. One of the most solid debuts anyone could ask for.
FAIR While it is not a great film, it is a good first film, amply demonstrating Boyle's catchy visual flair and rat-a-tat sense of tempo, as well as Hodge's ear for dialogue and intuitive sense of character dynamics
BAD At some point, ordinary human compassion must take up the slack. Boyle isn't a zippy enough director to make up for what's missing. No one is.
BAD Impressive cast fails to redeem rather overrated movie.
GOOD Nasty, mean-spirited, and heartless--perfect qualities for a thriller.
GOOD Horrific fun!
GOOD Regardless of how one feels about the film, there's no denying that it's absolutely brilliant as a cinematic calling card.
GOOD Smart and twisted with a nice ensemble.
GOOD An excellent little thriller!
GOOD A savagely entertaining neo-film noir.
BAD A few good moments, but you never truly connect with the main characters.
BAD We end up with a Hitchcock-lite tale that has gratuitous violence a la Steven King or any slasher movie pasted on in place of a viable script.
GOOD From the get-go, this film begins to close its fingers around your neck and never lets go.
FAIR A reasonably enjoyable (for those captivated by this sort of thing) black comedy/noir thriller.
GOOD A tight little thriller, filled with exhilarating twists, that quickly establishes its artistic contract with the audience.
GOOD Grabs hold of you in the first few minutes and then refuses to let you go until the bitter, shocking end.
FAIR Gives ample evidence of Boyle's cinematic artistry.
BAD Since no reasonable person can remotely hope to identity with Juliet, David or Alex, the whole case drops through.
FAIR Eccleston's intense performance and a few nasty little twists make it a thriller that keeps you watching, guessing and squirming.
FAIR High School definitely won't be everyone's flavor of pot comedy, but it's certainly a fun trip and a clever spin on the genre.
FAIR Surprisingly solid and funny... It's rare for a stoner comedy to have so much ambition.
BAD After an amusing start, this film seems to forget it's a pot comedy.
FAIR Low-key but amiable comedy, which borrows from many other movies, but still has its own spirit.
BAD A pot comedy that won't reward even the most easily satisfied stoner.
FAIR One of the broadest, silliest (yet somehow still endearing) stoner comedies in a while, indulging the adult members of the cast with particular gusto.
BAD High School suffers from an increasingly stagnant, wheel-spinning midsection that triggers its transformation from passable comedy to interminable disaster.
BAD A stoner comedy with a slightly musty vintage aroma.
BAD High School sucks harder than it blows.
BAD Quickly grows old with no likable characters or anything else, much less genuine wit or humor, to engage.
BAD It's about a 'high' school, and once you've gotten that you've pretty much figured out this stoner comedy.
BAD A stoner comedy that runs out of gas.
BAD W're left with poorly reasoned scenes and storylines that dangle like a pothead's unfinished sentences.
BAD If it ever opens at a theater near you, remember: Just say no.
BAD No contact high is acquired.
BAD I'm betting director John Stalberg Jr. also debated calling it "Bake Sale," revolving as it does around the mass-dosing of the student body with pot brownies.
BAD Not only is this drug-related film not as funny as the likes of "Pineapple Express," it isn't even as funny as "Midnight Express"
BAD Surely this could be a fine premise for an entertaining stoner flick. It isn't.
BAD Once the plot has sprung into action, "High School" is a bumpy ride that takes a few amusing dives but never coheres into anything special.
BAD Somehow, High, directed by newcomer John Stalberg, lured serious talent, including Adrien Brody, Colin Hanks and Michael Chiklis. Even odder: They're the worst actors of the bunch.
BAD Lacking real kick, "High School" winds up as irksome as a bag of ditch weed and as lame as the pun of the film's title.
BAD High School has such a winning premise that you want to send everyone involved in making it back to the drawing board for a do-over - just take it from the top, folks, and this time everyone actually have a good time.
BAD A silly stoner comedy boosted by a few unexpected tweaks, John Stalberg's debut is more notable for its enthusiasm than its originality.
FAIR It's exactly what it appears to be: a funny-enough stoner comedy with a likable cast.
BAD The movie goes flat when it needs to be upping the tempo and hitting new heights of absurdity.
BAD When all else fails, make a joke about balls.
BAD There's no heartfelt bond between the generic main characters, no emotional drive or urgency or pithy observations about life and high school. "High School" only emphasizes the "high."
BAD "High School" is a pun. Get it? This is one of those stoner comedies that may be funny if you're high - but if not, not.
BAD Spurts of loony inspiration aside -- Chiklis rivals Animal House's Dean Wormer for pure hissable self-righteousness -- this is mostly all reefer, no madness.
FAIR Through it all, Stalberg and company manage to create some creative visuals involving the paranoia and/or the ecstasy of being high, even if the sequences begin to blur into one hazy memory after awhile.
BAD John Stalberg's film proves incapable of striking even a faint comedic spark.
FAIR Yes, the drugs-can-be-fun message is somewhat questionable, but sharp writing and a thoroughly engaging cast makes it great fun to watch.
FAIR Coasts over its missteps and succeeds on equal parts quick humor, likable characters, and pure energy. Oh, and weed.
GOOD [Do the Right Thing is] an exceptional film, a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood. Like the film's principals, you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live.
GOOD This might sound like a depressing story, but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning.
GOOD The movie's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made.
BAD It's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil, as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth.
GOOD [A] movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single, brightly bedecked, booby-trapped package.
BAD Sure, the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York, but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed.
GOOD Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating.
GOOD A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989.
GOOD A towering achievement in American cinema, Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock, like Nashville to Robert Altman, like Playtime to Jacques Tati, Lee's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator's artistic command.
GOOD A pulsating homage to life on New York's streets, achieved thanks to Lee's sleepless eye, but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism, too.
GOOD A tour-de-force for Spike Lee
GOOD Spike's greatest film to date. Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it.
GOOD spike lee's masterpiece
GOOD Who expected this to be its director's last really terrific film?
GOOD Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made.
GOOD Made me love Spike.
GOOD A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world. There are no absolute heroes or villains. There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace.
GOOD The movie confronts racism head-on, with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures. Lee does not pander to political correctness, nor does he sermonize.
GOOD You can't afford not to see this modern masterpiece.
GOOD Roger Ebert points out that this film, which honestly (and sometimes graphically) explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations, was probably the best movie of 1989. I would have a hard time disagreeing.
GOOD I think it's Spike's best. Loud, honest, angry entertainment.
GOOD This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious.
FAIR Although hardly 'Blazing Saddles,' the movie is pretty funny when it depicts the Old West as a place of such 'general depressing awfulness' it can sink a person into 'a disgusting, awful, dirty cesspool of despair.'
BAD There are moments of wit in the script, and one or two strong scenes, but the film feels oddly directionless for much of its runtime.
FAIR Audiences high on popcorn fumes will laugh along at the smut. But, at its core, this is a spiritually empty vessel trying to make a lot of box office noise. Blazing Saddles (1974) or Cat Ballou (1965) it ain't.
FAIR Seth MacFarlane is tedious, but Charlize Theron saves the day.
BAD There is plenty to amuse in A Million Ways to Die in the West, but it's not a very good movie.
FAIR There's no depth to what you see on screen here: MacFarlane is simply doing what he does best; delivering cheap laughs as he continues to try and push the boundaries.
FAIR Uneven yes, funny at times, yes, often uproariously so.
BAD A Million Ways to Die in the West spends more time trying to push the buttons of its audience rather than entertaining it. It's amusing in small doses, but as a whole it's about three horseshoes away from being an atrocity to the comedy genre.
FAIR It forces characters into situations that are silly without reason, and expects the premise to substantiate a lot of bizarre twists that seem to exist out of total conceit.
FAIR Theron's endearing rapport with MacFarlane the actor helps smooth over whenever MacFarlane the writer/director goes a little overboard with his penchant for toilet humor.
BAD Well-meaning sheep farmer runs afoul of ruthless gunfighter. Also, Neil Patrick Harris sh*ts in a hat.
FAIR MacFarlane is one of the few male comic creative talents to have honed a style that stands against the Judd Apatow school of realism, but the movie just doesn't quite work.
BAD Haiku MacFarlane should have Watched Blazing Saddles instead of remaking it.
BAD When the satire works, it is a thing of Dada wonder. Sharp absurdity played with a nimble spirit. When it doesn't, it is a pallid, bloated thing smugly vamping for its own amusement
FAIR The comic relief never wears out the dramatic relief, and vice versa. It is low. Come for the sheep whizzing in MacFarlane's face-we're even now for "We Saw Your Boobs." Stay to see Theron handling a battering husband rather aesthetically.
BAD Stupefying in its unfunniness, arrogance and outright narcissism, A Million Ways to Die in the West is a shoo-in for my Worst of the Year list come December.
BAD Even 15-year-old boys will find this disappointingly puerile.
BAD If you've seen the trailer you've seen the best gags.
BAD The Old West re-imagined as fodder for the coarsest of gross-out fare!
FAIR The comedy is hit and miss, with just enough hits to make it worth watching once.
GOOD A better title, a million ways to laugh in the West.
BAD It's essentially Blazing Saddles, only the fart jokes aren't quite as fresh.
BAD A Million Ways to Die in the West feels like about 80 minutes of material was padded out to 110 minutes.
FAIR A scattershot affair that mixes MacFarlane's characteristically crass and off-kilter sense of humor with sentimentality and affable goofiness.
BAD MacFarlane is content to act like a monkey flinging its own poop at everyone in close proximity, and most of the material, unshackled from anything of import, is either stretched beyond the breaking point or witless in the first place.
BAD The saddles aren't blazing; they're damp.
BAD "Django Unchained" already recently nailed it. By contrast, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" is an attempted copycat -- messily comprised of some comedic hits but more misses -- that we just didn't need.
BAD Hogging the screen in this moronic vanity project, Seth MacFarlane's vulgar but just not funny.
BAD Well, I'm not sure the world needed two whole minutes of a gastrically panicked Neil Patrick Harris defecating in hats.
BAD MacFarlane's die-hard fans may find the silver lining in this movie, but everyone else will likely find A Million Ways to Die in the West one of this summer's big disappointments.
BAD Short on laugh-out-loud comedy beats - while also failing to find the 'heart' that made similar genre farces like Blazing Saddles timeless comedy classics.
BAD I suppose I was looking forward to A Million Ways to Die in the West just a little too much for my own good.
FAIR Even with elbow room to spare, the series' linchpin saga will still leave you wanting more... of the Futurama of old.
FAIR Groening's notoriously prickly fanbase may well overlook the inclusion of nearly the entire extended universe of Futurama characters and focus on the negative: the warmed-over story and jokes. [Blu-ray]
GOOD more streamlined and propulsive than its predecessors
FAIR suffers from peterjacksonsyndrome, but very entertaining.
GOOD Uncle Lloyd has done it again! Hell, he's welcome to come by my place to kick the dog any day!
BAD Laughs are few and far between, and the film feels brutally long.
BAD ...there's just no storyline holding the whole thing together.
BAD a low-budget movie set to indulge in antics aimed squarely at the 12-year-old boy demographic.
GOOD Utilizando a montagem de forma precisa para estabelecer o ritmo da vida de seus personagens, Yimou narra uma historia bem-humorada e reveladora sobre a China contemporanea, sendo auxiliando por Gong Li em um de seus melhores desempenhos.
GOOD Sparks of genius already apparent.
GOOD One of Zhang Yimou's finest moments.
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not really bad; it's just tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't as predictable as the last. But things never do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar. ... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't want a tee shirt
FAIR don't be mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment. For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion. Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act. (Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, has the current prevailing formula nailed. Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive. Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character. And if you don't care about the characters, then everything's just a big, dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them. Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Farrelly bros' classic is full of gross-out laughs.
GOOD The movie managed to walk a line between raunchy, gross-out comedy and a romantic comedy.
FAIR Gauche, garish, and gross, a prime example of the coarsening of our culture and of the art of comedy in film. It's also pretty darn funny. [Blu-ray]
FAIR A romantic gross-out comedy: What a concept!
FAIR ...Dillon's Pat, in an effort to win Mary's affections, poorly attempts to ape her compassion for the handicapped by referring to them as "retards" and "goofy bastards...
GOOD It was the raunchy comedy that raked in the headlines and had audiences shaking their heads in offended laughter, then coming back the weekend after, dragging in friends by their arms.
FAIR Everyone falls for Mary -- why wouldn't they? -- and no one is spared from the Farrellys' razor sharp raunch.
FAIR Two very entertaining hours -- something that Hollywood comedies these days fail to deliver to the audience, with or without references to certain bodily fluids.
GOOD When it's not mean spirited, tastelessness can be riotously funny. And this is a gag-a-thon of hugely funny proportions.
FAIR You may also want to keep [a] washcloth handy, just to stifle those embarrassing aftershocks of laughter.
GOOD Though the plot of this film is trivial, what makes it succeed is the sheer outlandishness of the comedy.
FAIR The Farrellys work so hard to be outrageous they end up sacrificing story, characters, even comedy, to achieve maximum gross-out.
GOOD I wasn't just laughing, I was howling like a madman, like the rest of the audience.
FAIR Um dos filmes mais politicamente incorretos que ja vi em toda a minha vida.
FAIR Asquerosamente divertida.
GOOD ...sophomoric, politically incorrect, exaggerated, overdone, and trivial. Yet it's as hilarious as anything ever filmed.
GOOD Irreverent and demented, but sweet
GOOD The funniest movie I have seen in a long time.
FAIR I haven't laughed this hard at any 1998 offering to-date.
FAIR What a blessed relief is laughter.
GOOD This comedy made me laugh. Uncontrollably.
GOOD There's Something About Mary is the funniest comedy I've seen in this decade.
FAIR If it was indeed Niall Heery's aim to transplant The Royal Tenenbaums to suburban Dublin, he's done an OK job - Nesbitt's even wearing Ben Stiller's tracksuit.
GOOD The story skirts tragedy on its leisurely passage from mishap to misadventure, but Gold remains the sort of picture you want to hug indulgently to a welcoming bosom.
BAD Worthy if ultimately disappointing.
FAIR Heery has an excellent cast, and he elicits some very funny performances... However, the slapstick and gags risk getting in the way of a story about love, loss and broken families.
FAIR There's a real warmth to this production, as Heery displays a real aptitude for combining a surrealistic wit, with compassion.
BAD Sadly, this Gold is anything but glittering.
BAD This bungled attempt at a Sundance-styled Irish indie comedy falls well short of even that modest mark.
FAIR On the strength of this and the upcoming The Falling, Williams is emerging as the most promising new talent to come out of Game of Thrones.
GOOD Brit comedy is more warm and quirky than kinky.
GOOD Kinky Boots stands out for 3 reasons: 1. It's inspired by a true story. 2. It's about what it really means to be a man AND the power of fabulousness. 3. It has the formidable Chiwetel Ejiofor in drag, singing!
FAIR ...never quite as tedious as one might've expected...
FAIR Kinky Boots is so loveable and its characters so charming, it may have you forgetting how much of it is firmly rooted in stereotype and cliche.
GOOD It's Ejiofor who takes the film from the realm of good into something verging on greatness.
FAIR ...If you've seen The Full Monty (or Waking Ned Devine or Calendar Girls or Billy Elliot) then this film's surprises will be few and far between, although no less pleasant for it.
GOOD You'll giggle and laugh and never look at those things on your feet the same way again.
BAD The betrayals, reconciliations and revelations are forced on us with clockwork precision, and no cliche goes unexplored.
BAD Another 'naughty' British comedy for audiences who love 'Are You Being Served?' but don't want to know whether Mr. Humphries is really supposed to be gay.
FAIR It's a predictable and preachy stab at a comedy with heart, and its subversive silliness is eclipsed by an overwrought humanity.
GOOD First-time director Julian Jarrold brings to Kinky Boots the dry humor and blue-collar insight that we expect from England's legendary Ealing Studios -- and that's high praise, indeed.
FAIR Though screenwriters Tim Firth and Geoffe Dean worked from fact, director Julian Jarrold makes everything feel much more contrived than fiction.
FAIR The brilliant Ejiofor (Dirty Pretty Things, Serenity) is fabulous as the outrageous Lola.
GOOD This is a sharp, smart and heart-warming film.
FAIR The only surprises come from Ejiofor, who invests Lola with more depth than his eye shadow and miniskirts would otherwise suggest.
FAIR Chiwetel Ejiofor dishes out another magnetic performance despite a storyline that wavers from innovative to obvious.
BAD Jarrold's film reportedly is based on fact, but that doesn't stop it from seeming pretty preposterous.
FAIR There's no denying that some audience members are likely to find this predictable silliness amusing. And the cast certainly seems to be buying into it.
FAIR Ejiofor's unbridled confidence sells the character and makes the movie.
FAIR Ejiofor sure can sashay and belt out a show-stopping number, but Kinky Boots is too busy putting on its heels to kick 'em off and boogie.
FAIR It's the acting of an earnest and capable cast that overcomes a weak screenplay with irresistible charm and surprising poignancy.
FAIR Rich in spunk, humor, dignity, subtle emotions when needed, and dressed to kill when belting songs like "I Want to Be Evil" in a meaty, gal-guy voice, Ejiofor amps and vamps the contrivances appealingly.
FAIR Don't let the title toss you. The accent on this charmer about a shoe-factory owner who finds a muse of economic recovery in a drag queen rests on the boots more than the kinks.
FAIR Kinky Boots sounds like some kind of fetish fantasy, but it's actually a good-natured and rather sweet British comedy that charmingly touches on issues of manhood and friendship.
FAIR The story's beats and developments are a little too familiar, though quirky wit and a genuine warmth make getting from one to the next a pleasure.
FAIR The movie is a bit of all right, as they say down at the Nob & Gobbler.
FAIR Gradually, boots and transvestite jokes become window dressing for a more touching story about the bond between Lola/Simon, a disowned son, and Charlie.
FAIR It's all fairly predictable, but it's pleasant.
FAIR [Ejiofor] gives us the real kinky; everything else here is just an assembly-line boot.
FAIR Lola, at least the way Ejiofor plays her, has a sad story she's eager to tell. The movie never entirely figures out what to do with this.
FAIR Doesn't pack any big surprises, but does leave you with a smile on your face.
BAD It would be nice to be able to report that Kinky Boots is a kick in the pants. But this conventional, manipulative British import feels like a re-soled pair of shoes that unquestionably have seen their day.
BAD potentially intriguing story and set of characters are buried under the mountain of abysmal acting
BAD With far too many drawn-out chats lacking in any wit or humor, Room Service is close to a total Marx Brothers dud.
FAIR Lower-key than most Marx comedies, but still fun
GOOD Some classic Marx bits make this a must-see.
FAIR This oft-dismissed exception in the Marx Brothers canon includes no musical numbers and only a few bits specifically tailored to the brothers...underrated.
BAD A fabulously messy tissue rejection.
BAD Groucho, Chico and Harpo jump the shark.
FAIR Not a Marx Bros. movie, but a movie with the Marxes. There is a difference.
FAIR No sera una gran pelicula, pero es un raro ejemplar en estos dias cuyo hallazgo produce un placer inusual. Gerard Depardieu ofrece una actuacion conmovedora.
FAIR There's no reason this cliche-ridden French drama should work, but it does, and there's the beauty of it.
FAIR Casadesus - at 97, a French national treasure who has been wowing stage and screen audiences since the 1930s - tenderly manages to make great literature sound like conversation, and vice versa.
FAIR [Depardieu] is as emblematic of his country as Tom Hanks is of ours, and "My Afternoons With Margueritte" is his "Forrest Gump." Only better.
FAIR Only the good aspects of traditional village culture concern writer-director Jean Becker, who aims for charm rather than profundity, and hits the bull's-eye with this leisurely film.
FAIR It's a lovely French character study.
FAIR The happy ending lays it on too thick, but what the hell: In for a dime, in for a dollar.
BAD A predictable, undernourished love story.
FAIR It's a lovely movie.
FAIR Subtly sweet and compassionate, appealing to art-house filmgoers of a certain age.
FAIR It's determined to look on the bright side. The film isn't about the actor's intelligence. It's about his emotional radiance.
GOOD The film is leisurely paced, as many French films are, and not much actually happens, but as a character study, it feels true, and ultimately moving.
FAIR Though mostly sunny, Afternoons has its chills.
FAIR By the time the film ends, you'll honestly believe you've just spent a languid afternoon in a lovely coastal village, and with excellent company.
FAIR The story is sentimental and slight, but the chemistry between Depardieu and Casadesus makes up for any faults.
GOOD This little gem is all about the nature of chance encounters and how they can change us in unexpected ways.
BAD It rarely rises above the pedestrian.
GOOD A tender and touching love story in a small French town where two unlikely people connect in an appealing and magical way.
FAIR An affable reminder that the French are just as capable of making cornball cinema as any Hollywood studio.
BAD This sentimental tale of a barely literate man's awakening at the hands of an elderly bibliophile is generally as painless as it is hackneyed.
FAIR It's got a fable-like, fairytale ambience that's just this side of corny, but that kind of hope is very seductive.
FAIR A disarming film with a pair of deftly judged performances at its centre, Jean Becker's My Afternoons With Margueritte risks sentimentality, but maintains a sense of lightness that is its saving grace.
BAD Perfectly pleasant, if mildly underwhelming French feel-gooder.
GOOD The danger is that it becomes sentimental, but there is a difference between sentiment imposed and sentiment earned. The film has only the latter.
FAIR An unlikely friendship is the heartbeat to this undeniably sweet French drama My Afternoons with Margueritte.
GOOD Leaves the sugar at home but still provides a sweetly simple experience.
FAIR An entertaining piece of pure Frenchness which reminds us of the value of older people in a world where the potential for lifelong ''education, education, education'' exists everywhere all of the time.
FAIR Sweet-centred and unashamedly sentimental, My Afternoons With Margueritte is a warm and generous film.
GOOD Small but perfectly formed, this unassuming French comedy is smart, emotionally engaging and often very funny.
FAIR Depardieu and Casadesus make a sweet enough pair to ensure this is pleasantly diverting...
BAD A parochial French time-passer which waddles along amiably and then ends unforgivably.
BAD While it's never going to set the box office alight, it was a pleasure to watch this charmer from France.
BAD You really will need a sweet tooth for this one. Or rather, you will need a complete set of dentures made out of Mars Bars and Creme Eggs.
BAD A saccharine prose poem over the closing credits underlines the nausea.
FAIR Gisele Casadesus as the biddy and Depardieu as the lunkhead guide us towards their own unshowy truth.
BAD Not for younger kids, despite its PG rating.
BAD How many 14-year-old girls do you know who would set up a blind date with a grown-up over the Internet? (Yeah, I found this creepy too.)
BAD Approaching Sleepover with any sort of sensitivity or intelligence is an act of extreme masochism.
BAD There's not a scene that doesn't feel as if we've been there before.
BAD Thanks to a few wacky set pieces, it's not quite as excruciating as it could have been.
BAD Generation X-ers continue to feel superior about their teen films...adding intelligence & darkness can make a generic teen romp into a rewatchable touchstone. Not Sleepover.
BAD ...Sleepover" will have you snoring in no time.
BAD 'This is excruciating,' Stacie tells Liz, which could be said about all of this charmless comedy.
BAD A less-than-average take on teen life that's been done better. This year, in fact.
BAD ...some may become rather drowsy at this Sleepover...yet another anemic manufactured teen flick...the cheesy sentiment only lasts as long as the aftertaste of a fried Twinkie
BAD With a derivative, disturbing script that encompasses almost every coarse adolescent comedy cliche and encourages outright lying and deception, it's a lame, tasteless yawn.
FAIR What begins as a simple sleepover turns into the adventure of their lives.
BAD A film aimed to entertain 7 to 12 year old girls and no one else.
BAD Not only a bad flick,but a flick with a bad message.
BAD We want stomach butterflies, but all we get are soda bubbles.
BAD It may be true that all 14-year-olds desire to be older and strive to appear so, but exploring those wishes and dreams in such a superficial, coarse and insensitive way as this movie does is neither responsible nor good entertainment for anyone of any age
BAD A cutesy souffle that'll come and go faster than you can say...now what's the local kiddie lingo?
BAD Joe Nussbaum and Elisa Bell's bland teen comedy is a real snooze.
BAD Fairly standard tween-oriented fare.
BAD Sex and the City for 9-year-olds.
FAIR Pleasantly pixilated, if mildly alarming.
BAD A good-hearted 'tween comedy hampered by uneven direction and a misguided plot twist.
BAD If you're a 13-year-old girl, you're the target audience for Sleepover ... If you're just a few years on either side of the tweeners, you can probably forget about it.
BAD If the pre-adolescents in your life don't have anything better to do than watch this movie, maybe the time has come to teach them hopscotch.
BAD If ever a movie could be charged with imperiling the morals of a minor, it's probably Sleepover.
BAD A lazy attempt to snare some preadolescent allowance money, Sleepover earns little more than a few bored yawns.
BAD There's a whole lotta stealin', lyin' and misbehavin' going on, but not a lot of genuine entertainment, or much fun.
BAD Never comes close to living up to its slight potential.
FAIR Strictly for the target audience.
BAD Another cynical attempt to separate young girls from their allowances.
FAIR Bright and funny, thanks to Elisa Bell's insightful, delightful script and the bubbly performances from the film's young stars.
BAD A how-to guide for achieving shallow and dubious goals.
BAD The film has a distinct been-there-done-that quality to it.
BAD A waste of a hard-earned allowance.
BAD This noxious alleged comedy contains few if any laughs and is so poorly edited that it appears to have been assembled by chimps working in the dark.
BAD A lame and labored comedy.
BAD The multiplexes haven't been jammed with this many repetitively single-minded portrayals of young people since the gangsta craze of the early 1990s.
BAD Sleepover reveals the sad and meaningless goals of some adolescent girls in suburban America who desperately want to be seen as winners.
BAD The real house rule for this film is: No one over the age of 14 should see this movie.
BAD Sleepover is just the latest in a string of teen flicks that suggest to the female population that the keys to happiness are popularity and a cute boyfriend.
FAIR Lil Bow Wow in family friendly fantasy.
FAIR It's formulaic stuff but done with enough gusto to entertain.
BAD There's no excuse to come within a hundred feet of a screen playing this monstrosity of a movie.
BAD There's no joke about the wretchedness that is Like Mike--except the cruel one on anyone who gets suckered into watching this crap.
FAIR A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
BAD ...Full of stereotypical characters, plot holes, and unconvincing dialogue delivered by a host of so-so actors...
FAIR Though it doesn't exactly offer any great shakes in terms of plot or character development, the film's entertaining enough to be watched by kids and adults alike.
BAD This irritatingly feeble basketball movie for kids is co-produced by the NBA, for whom it is pretty candidly designed as a giant feature-length commercial.
BAD [A] dire sports film.
BAD Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike.
FAIR A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
FAIR Hey, any movie that has Crispin Glover running an orphanage is good for a laugh.
FAIR A cheery, crowd-pleasing sports fantasy built around a winning performance from a very young rap star.
BAD However intoxicating young moviegoers might find Calvin's on-court success, what was needful onscreen was more of the simple humanity a story about orphans should not only have recognized but delivered.
FAIR Keep an eye on Lil Bow Wow, folks. If Like Mike is any indication, he's bound to score again.
BAD It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow.
BAD With its paint fights, motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment, it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches.
BAD A featherweight kids' movie set against a heavily sponsored official NBA backdrop, John Schultz's Like Mike is superhero fantasy for sport-minded youngsters and the adults they watch TV with.
FAIR Seeing Lil Bow Wow go toe-to-toe (or, more accurately, face-to-kneecap) against the stars of the game is loads of fun.
BAD The film is typical sappy fare with 'little life lessons' being learned all over the place. It isn't the film is bad -- I, as an adult, found it just too predictable for this day and age.
FAIR [A] heart-warming, family-friendly sports movie about a kid who literally ends up in the supercharged basketball sneakers that used to belong to NBA superstar Michael Jordan.
BAD Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal.
BAD The kiddie sports fantasy Like Mike double dribbles...Although it appears that Like Mike may be a rollicking good time in all its formulaic frenzy, the film has all the impact and subtlety of a charging foul call.
BAD Kid-friendly.
BAD Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net.
BAD ...a low rate Annie featuring some kid who can't act, only echoes of Jordan, and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school.
BAD Amiable enough, but far too cliched and steadfastly generic to be worth recommending.
FAIR It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid.
FAIR If you'd like a sweet and simple story where the final score is never in doubt, lace 'em up and head to the theater.
BAD Regrettably, Like Mike is more reminiscent of Michael Jordan's short lived baseball career than his legendary basketball one.
BAD I've seen some bad singer-turned actors, but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake.
FAIR Offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones.
BAD Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle.
BAD A harmless, if ultimately inane, fantasy-comedy vehicle for youngsta-rapper Lil' Bow Wow.
GOOD A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
GOOD As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
GOOD Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
GOOD Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
FAIR ...far from engrossing...
GOOD Wonderful stuff.
GOOD It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
GOOD In a word: Incredible.
GOOD A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
GOOD ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
GOOD The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
GOOD Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
GOOD Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
GOOD 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
GOOD The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
GOOD [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
GOOD Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
GOOD E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
GOOD One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
GOOD Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
FAIR A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
GOOD Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
FAIR ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
FAIR Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
GOOD When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
GOOD Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
FAIR What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
GOOD Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
GOOD Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
BAD An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not difficult to see why The Princess Bride has become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya! Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin? As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time. A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again. As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever. Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old. The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale. There is no other way to describe this genuinely funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful. And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions. Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no internal logic. It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster. Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't have much else to offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit. Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy! Mommy! Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't really saying a whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
GOOD A pleasant, somewhat underrated chase movie.
FAIR Beatty and Hawn carry this fun little heist/comedy picture for the first hour, but then the whole affair gets a little tiring.
FAIR Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn are weirdly interesting together.
GOOD Probably the best Cheech & Chong movie -- the boys show some variety, someone besides Chong directed it, and there's strangely almost no drug humor.
FAIR A truly enjoyable movie, with a truly wonderful ensemble
FAIR ...with this group of actors (including Sam Raimi, of all people, as a clumsy handyman) it's hard to ever really get bored.
GOOD Big Chill-ish camp reunion movie with some lovely performances.
BAD If you like to go to weddings of humdrum people you don't know, you won't want to miss Indian Summer.
BAD Binder serves up an unappetizing concoction of Big Chill and Ernest Goes to Camp stew.
BAD A mish-mash of mediocre formulas.
FAIR This is a story more interested in tone and mood than in big plot points.
FAIR Men in Black, running a breezy 98 minutes, is a showpiece of laconic economy. It's quick, eccentric and deadly funny and for many young movie-goers it's likely to be a close encounter they'll want to see a second and third time.
GOOD A lean, punchy, fast paced, and extremely endearing sci-fi action comedy.
FAIR Men in Black is moderately amusing, well-constructed and mercifully short, but it fails to deliver on the zaniness of its first half.
GOOD Great special effects, inventive alien designs and Smith and Jones's hip, hilarious double act make director Barry Sonnenfeld's Lethal Weapon-style buddy picture a fast-paced pleasure.
GOOD There's a playfulness, here, that you don't often find in a special-effect flick.
FAIR [A] hilarious comedy, directed with boisterous wit by Barry Sonnenfeld.
GOOD A smart, funny and hip adventure film in a summer of car wrecks and explosions.
BAD Offensively bad? No. But it's never been anything more than a promising wasted opportunity.
FAIR ...an affable (yet somewhat forgettable) bit of escapist entertainment.
GOOD "Men in Black" still holds up after 15 years. It's as fun, funky, and edgy now as it was in 1997, and HD breathes even more life into it.
GOOD Lots of fun, but too scary for some kids.
FAIR What [it] lacks in depth, it makes up for with an infectious childlike enthusiasm for its zany premise.
FAIR Just a collection of sketches in which Jones and Smith run into farcical E.T.s.
FAIR Cool hot-weather fun -- this will be the one to beat right through the dog days of summer.
GOOD Will Smith, the only spark of life in Independence Day, now is allowed to shine in brighter, smarter material.
BAD The plot is paper-thin, characters are one-dimensional and even the protagonists' one-liners are forgettable.
FAIR Fortunately, the cast's one-dimensional performances and deadpan delivery of funny dialogue actually enhance the humor.
FAIR As ragged as the humor is, there still are more hits than misses.
GOOD Though the story is pure cartoon, the movie is exceptionally smart and exceptionally well-paced.
FAIR Good old alien fun
BAD At times, it may succeed at manipulating you, but you won't like it.
GOOD At last, someone remembered how to make a good summer movie!
GOOD The result is a rich picture with a winning personality, as modest in theme as it is in style.
GOOD One of the most enjoyable films of the summer.
GOOD Fiendishly clever and visually nuts, MIB is what you'd get hybridizing Independence Day with The Addams Family.
FAIR This is a style-heavy, action-laden, wise-crack loaded 98-minutes of pretty decent fun. Men in Black is silly, simplistic and lightweight, but only the most uptight of viewers will hate it.
GOOD Sonnenfeld keeps it all bubbling along with a vibrant, comic book buzz.
GOOD Very accessible, jubilant Shakespeare with brief bawdiness.
GOOD Branagh's highly entertaining and accessible take on one of the Bard's zestiest comedies. [Blu-ray]
FAIR A joyous romp whose forced jollity is only occasionally wearing.
FAIR Although Kenneth Branagh's interpretation does much to make Shakespeare's play comprehensible, it ultimately fails to create any kind of enduring watchability.
GOOD A lively and colorful adaptation of Shakespeare's play; Thompson and Branagh are especially fun to watch.
FAIR This film is going to entertain even those viewers who care little about Shakespeare and care about his comedies even less.
GOOD Unevenly cast but ebulliently filmed, the film is a treasure for the Branagh-Thompson scenes alone.
GOOD A lot of fun! Branagh does excellent bringing Shakespeare's comedy to life.
GOOD Wonderful rendering of Shakespeare's comedy. Branagh and Thompson shine. Wish I could say the same for Keanu.
FAIR A fun adaptation of Shakespeare that only suffers from some unfortunate casting, especially with Keaton and Keanu.
GOOD Both perfectly classic and remarkably fresh.
FAIR All-star laughs, romance and hijinks!
GOOD Branagh once again proves he can out-Shakespeare even the Bard himself.
FAIR The key to the film's success is in the acting, especially in the sparks that fly between Branagh and Thompson.
FAIR The movie is uneven, but the range is from good to outstanding.
GOOD Kenneth Branagh's return to Shakespeare captures the Bard's captivating comic romance at the peak of flavor.
FAIR A lusty, vigorous, sun-drenched romp in which two parallel love affairs intertwine with comedic and dramatic results.
GOOD This film cements Branagh's status as a great director of Shakespeare, and perhaps of film in general, as well.
BAD What's at work here is the comedy law of diminishing returns: if you tell the same jokes over and over and over again, they become less and less and less funny.
FAIR Not quite as fresh as the first.
GOOD Ribald, wild Zucker comedy with Leslie Nielsen in usual wild form.
BAD Provides sporadic laughs, but not as consistently funny as the first one.
FAIR One of the funniest movies starring a multiple murderer.
BAD A real step down after the brilliant movie and TV show.
FAIR Strained spoof with intermittent (yet solid) larfs.
BAD Not good, not bad, not really much of anything (except exactly what you expect).
BAD This is strictly a hit or miss film.
GOOD The enthusiastic Zucker, Zucker & Abrahams style of movie parody is too rarely seen to prompt much head-shaking about gags that don't work.
BAD No joke is passed up or thrown away. There just might be a little too much.
FAIR Amusing, if limp, sequel to the first Naked Gun.
BAD An even sequel that misses the freshness of the original or the TV series.
FAIR "amusing, unmemorable sequel"
FAIR A lesser laugh trip than the original, yet still one worth checking out.
FAIR This sequel might feel like a simple reworking of the first film if Leslie Nielsen weren't so consistently appealing in his role as Frank Drebin.
FAIR Smells bad.
FAIR Somehow this sequel never reaches the heights of inspired lunacy that made the original so memorable, and there are no extended set-pieces that work as well as the first film's opening battle with America's enemies or the climactic baseball game.
FAIR Nielsen's secret is that he does almost nothing, and certainly nothing he seems to think is funny.
BAD Modine does what he can to sell the flimsy premise, but he's so hamstrung by Eddie O'Flaherty and J.P. Davis' sketchy script -- not to mention by O'Flaherty's clumsy direction -- that it's a losing battle.
GOOD A movie to which director and co-writer Nora Ephron brought her terrific flair, wit and nous, although she propagates the terrifying fallacy that a widower makes a wonderful romantic catch.
GOOD A fairy tale that even teens can enjoy.
FAIR A romantic treat.
BAD So overrated.
GOOD Sure it's contrived, but what a great romantic weeper.
BAD Seems too precalculated to be charming and magical, and consequently ends up being overly cute.
FAIR Better than you might expect, but it
GOOD Predictable, manipulative, and completely satisfying.
GOOD One of the finest of all Hollywood romantic comedies.
BAD Contrived
FAIR Nora Ephron's Sleepless in Seattle is a feather-light romantic comedy about two lovers who meet for the first time in the last reel. It's a stunt, but it's a stunt that works far more effectively than anybody in his right mind has reason to expect.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is done with the panache that Hollywood used to do romantic comedies, but seldom does anymore.
FAIR Cute, syrupy, but won't give you a rash.
GOOD This is essentially a romance involving two people on different coasts, but Hanks and Ryan and Director Ephron's screenplay make it work, along with some very nice supporting performances.
GOOD It's the kind of movie that reaches your emotional core and your dreams and make you feel alive by showing you how good life can be despite the little setbacks.
GOOD Overrated but still cute love story.
GOOD Meg and Tom are the perfect couple for this movie.
GOOD Ryan and Hanks, even apart, have the chemistry to make a very agreeable entertainment.
BAD Sleepless in Seattle is hopelessly romantic.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is as ephemeral as a talk show, as contrived as the late show, and yet so warm and gentle I smiled the whole way through.
GOOD Not one of the cleverer rom-coms of this ilk... but sweet and touching nevertheless and Tom Hanks is always watchable.
FAIR While the plot is sentimental and a little sticky, the dialogue is a lot of fun and often very witty and insightful.
BAD Nora Ephron botched Sleepless in Seattle, a hollow, boring romance that should appeal only to the most gullible of viewers; the ones willing to buy into Ephron's whiny views of life and romance.
FAIR This is a dreamy, romantic fantasy whose mood falls somewhere between magic and reality.
BAD it needed fred
FAIR The best "Tremors" sequel yet.....a welcome monster-mash!
BAD Tremors 3 is somewhat entertaining, but only in a I-really-want-like-this-movie-because-it's-Tremors-for-pete's-sake kind of way.
GOOD The third best in the series is still pretty damned entertaining.
FAIR While Tremors 3 certainly isn't about to win any awards for originality, fans of the series should find enough to keep them entertained.
BAD All in all, taken for what it is, Tremors 3 is worth a gander.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
FAIR As the capstone to a franchise that never actually needed to be a franchise in the first place, it acquits itself tolerably well.
GOOD A reunion Aladdin fans will love.
BAD ...distinctly underwhelming...
BAD Isn't involving enough to sustain interest when the Genie is offscreen.
FAIR ...this time Robin Williams is coaxed back into the fold. Understandably, he saves what little day there is to save.
BAD ...a movie that happens before it thinks.
FAIR Passable kiddie flick.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well. Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie. It's not his style of fighting. He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick. The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to be missed.
BAD ...apes much of what made Pulp Fiction such a big hit, without bothering to add in any original ideas.
FAIR A fun no-brainer that successfully casts a sweet romantic spell.
BAD No laughs in this one at all. Who decided to write a movie about a club designer? Boring concept, no chemistry.
BAD Fools rush in to watch this stupid romantic comedy.
BAD Stick to the sitcoms, Matt.
BAD Take away the ethnic/pregnancy angles, and we've seen this premise countless times -- all the way back to the spate of post-World War II romances about returning veterans and the mates they married in a blink.
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not sure if anyone in this film actually acted alongside anyone else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't have the originality of the first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone is left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not much here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time. Now, not so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require. Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes. It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person is going to agree with me on this one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting. He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance needed to lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages. Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again. Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um grupo de comediantes deste calibre se reunia em uma producao, o filme era um evento. Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles. Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
GOOD Fabulously cast and wickedly witty.
FAIR The CinemaScope process was well used here, with panoramic shots of Manhattan accompanied by Newman's entire orchestra performing his composition Street Scene in prolog and epilog shots.
GOOD Classic Hollywood legends sparkle; premise doesn't hold up.
BAD Despite some good work from Bacall and Monroe, this comedy ends up feeling flat. How many people want to watch a movie with a bunch of selfish women who want to find a rich husband so they don't ever have to work again? Yeah, I didn't think so.
FAIR a comedy about several models trying to land rich husbands, gets by on the talents of the stars,
GOOD Glossy, early widescreen all-star Fox comedy headlining Monroe, Grable, Bacall.
FAIR Nao envelheceu muito bem, mas continua relativamente divertido.
GOOD [A] delightful little comedy.
FAIR Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
BAD too little too late
FAIR [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
GOOD Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
FAIR Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
BAD spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
FAIR Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
GOOD ...an odd and benighted film.
FAIR Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
FAIR "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
BAD Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
FAIR Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
BAD The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
BAD What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
FAIR The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
BAD Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
BAD Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
FAIR a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
FAIR Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
BAD With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
BAD The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
BAD The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
BAD ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
FAIR Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
BAD Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
FAIR "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
BAD "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
BAD Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
FAIR Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
BAD Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
BAD Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
BAD Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
BAD Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
FAIR It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
FAIR Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
FAIR ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
BAD For maximum entertainment, a movie can't afford to waste so much time being its own carnival barker, relentlessly trying to drum up interest.
FAIR Bolstered by a subtly funny supporting turn by Kevin Kline and a scenery-chewing performance by Kenneth Branagh, Smith carries the movie with his signature ease.
FAIR It will probably make buckets of money, but as this summer's action movie, Wild Wild West only gets mild.
BAD The script is remorselessly smutty, the one-liners are below average and the giant mechanical spider climax endlessly drawn out, but the wildly inventive gizmos give entertainment value and draw a shield over the numerous flaws.
BAD A hundred or so minutes of missable anti-entertainment.
BAD Handcuffed to this blockbuster of all blockbusters and sprawled in our reclining seats, we pass the time counting familiar scenes from other movies.
FAIR Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.
BAD As monoumentally stupid and aggressively anti-fun as the film's rancid reputation would have it be.
BAD ...a sporadically amusing yet disastrously overblown adaptation...
BAD Western action-comedy set in bordello; lots of gunfire.
BAD The gimmicky, light-hearted 1960s TV series comes to the screen as an ungainly, clanking, gooey box of eye candy, a vehicle for star Will Smith and special effects supervisor Eric Brevig.
BAD A film where the concept came first and the script -- and everything else -- seems to have finished a poor second.
BAD Sad, desperate attempt at quirky action/comedy.
BAD ...has style to spare, a few laughs and some imaginative touches. Also like 'Avengers' it has stars who look like they'd rather be somewhere else, a lack of verve and a script that takes the long road to nowhere.
BAD This is not so much a review as an inquiry into memory, as I attempt to recover the one tiny redeeming virtue.
BAD Wild Wild West is sadly a big disappointment considering the great team behind it.
BAD Terribly lame humour don't help.
FAIR I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
BAD If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
GOOD The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.
BAD So we have a light comedy full of racial slurs and cripple jokes where the hero hunts down the mass-murderer who killed his parents.
BAD Wild Wild West has six screenwriters and between them they couldn't come up with one good idea or one decent line of dialogue.
FAIR The plot and action are so preposterous that it's jarring when the movie tries to introduce serious business.
FAIR It makes for a satisfying summer moviegoing experience.
BAD Dated '90s romcom has some stereotypes, innuendo.
BAD As hokey and banal as a sitcom, with predictable culture-clash gags and fairly flat one-liners.
FAIR A charming surprise
BAD Standard feature-length sitcom material. For Drescher fans only.
BAD Listening to Fran Drescher's nasal squawk for an entire movie is the price you'll pay to see The Beautician and the Beast. Imagine having your ear canal scoured with Brillo. Only more abrasive.
GOOD Jim Varney at the peak of his comedic powers, playing two instantly distinctive roles. If you only ever see one Ernest movie, make it this one.
BAD Here's one fictitious Ernest sequel that fits my sentiments exactly: "Ernest Gets on my Last Nerve". "Nuff said...
BAD He was convicted for homicidal mugging.
BAD Unappealing characters and a dumb story. Skip it.
FAIR ...a fluffy time-killer.
BAD After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not find its ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs discover it late some evening, long, long after sunset indeed.
FAIR As guilty pleasures go, this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar. It won't do you any good, but hey, it's a lot of fun.
BAD Beautiful to look at (particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek) and has a zippy energy, but there's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface.
BAD What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen.
BAD That's when most of us sleep.
BAD All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface.
BAD ...[a] hollow heist flick. Alas, After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest. Repeat after me...Paradise Lost.
BAD Spends so much time down Selma Hayek's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated.
FAIR Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting, and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring. Its pleasantness is its undoing.
FAIR Light-hearted, enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast.
BAD A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves, without any PC guilt, in its hedonistic enticements.
BAD Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings, there's little else that's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie.
BAD A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being.
BAD After the Sunset tries to be two different films.
BAD After the Sunset looks great and has good actors, but it generally fails at what it really wants to do.
FAIR Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs. This is a fun diversion film not to be taken too seriously.
BAD The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue.
BAD A ho-hum heist flick.
BAD Finally, he has made a film that rises above mediocrity, though we can probably credit its mild, inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner's skill.
BAD Pretty sunsets, pretty people, and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you'll see in "After the Sunset." It's an average caper flick that's mostly for show.
BAD Comes across like a pinata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits.
BAD From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in "Dawn of the Dead," and maybe that would have been a better choice for him.
BAD Inoffensively asinine.
BAD Inane and a bit rote.
BAD Well, maybe they're just fine actors, but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic.
FAIR Basically, it's a 'cute' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front, and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater.
BAD It's not that great a picture, but it does what it's supposed to do and that's why you spend the bucks after all isn't it?
BAD in need of better characters, a better script, and a touch of evil
FAIR You've seen this movie many times before, but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless.
FAIR One shouldn't be too quick to put down this sort of efficient if generic filmmaking. [i]After the Sunset[/i] has modest goals, and achieves them.
BAD We've never gotten the appeal of Cook, and this did nothing to explain it.
FAIR The cracking performances from Alba and Cook do wonders at papering over these creative fissures.
BAD If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all, right?
BAD Whether or not you appreciate Dane Cook's spastic, hyperactive brand of observational humor, he cannot be held solely responsible for the unmitigated disaster that is 'Good Luck Chuck.'
BAD ...comes off as the latest misfire from erstwhile comedian Dane Cook...
BAD Apparently someone out there thought it would be a good idea to capitalize on American's love for penguins AND gross-out comedies.
BAD A transparent excuse for a constant parade of topless females eager to assume a compromising position. The only thing missing was a cheesy porn soundtrack.
BAD Crude, vulgar and dispiriting to watch.
BAD Shoddily written.
BAD Cross the street to avoid this one.
BAD Terminally unfunny
BAD Good Luck Chuck has its moments - though the half-decent comedy moments are outweighed by the gags that fizzle and the cruddy loutish moments.
BAD An unpleasant sex romp of the kind Robin Askwith made in the 1970s.
BAD As dire a cum-com as ever shot its load on a cinema screen.
BAD The script is so reliant on wish-fulfillment it forgets to add those important little touches: you know, wit, sincerity, characterisation, that kind of thing... A very cheap shot - and hardly anyone calls him 'Chuck'.
BAD If Wedding Crashers is in your top ten rom-coms ever, you might not hate this. Otherwise, it's too gross to be sweet and too sweet to be gross.
BAD Average comedy that squanders its decent premise in favour of a splattering of unfunny gross-out gags.
BAD A tedious stream of nightmarish deja vu.
BAD Not funny or romantic; too raunchy for all ages.
FAIR The movie goes out of its way to be offensive, even by today's standards. The interesting thing is that it does it in an otherwise charming romantic comedy that's actually funny.
FAIR The writers take the story precisely where we've come to expect. That said, we've certainly seen worse this year.
BAD Good Luck Chuck is a soft-core male indulgence posing as a hip Hollywood good luck chuckle.
FAIR If you like slapstick, see it.
BAD You could probably make a good movie out of Good Luck Chuck's pitch; that just didn't happen here. And I like a good, funny, smutty comedy; the problem is that Good Luck Chuck is a bad, unfunny smutty comedy.
BAD Cook and Alba generate about as much chemistry as a mongoose paired with a rattlesnake.
BAD Good Luck Chuck is the anti-Superbad.
BAD Legislation needs to be passed guaranteeing that any movie in which Dane Cook appears will find his character smacked in the face with a shovel and dumped into an open grave.
BAD Ewww...gross!
BAD I'm tempted to suggest it was made for 13-year-old boys, but I remember being 13, and I'd have been offended if anyone had suggested movies this awful were made for me.
BAD Only a truly unhappy, crabbed mind could possibly imagine most of these jokes.
BAD An R-rated Doris Day film set in a shopping mall. Amazing enough, but who will pay to see it?
BAD The lucky people are the ones who decide not to suffer through this drek.
BAD Yecch!
BAD That the film even tries to be heartfelt is egregious in itself, but "good luck" finding it among the horrendously executed slapstick, equally disastrous gross-out humor, and so much blatant racism, homophobia, and scorn for everyone else.
BAD A poor man's version of a Judd Apatow-style raunchy romantic comedy.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch. Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, does it? Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter. He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
GOOD Violent but cool martial arts movie.
BAD The constantly beaming monk is as good-natured as the script is mindless.
BAD It's painful to watch.
BAD Paul Hunter edits his action scenes so much that it's really difficult to see anything spectacular, and the special effects aren't anything to drool over.
FAIR The bottom line is, this qualifies as a guilty pleasure.
BAD Too much time is given over to the absolutely dire script.
BAD very childish, and just a little trashy.
BAD Chow Yun-Fat delivers stylish action and finally shows American audiences a sense of humor, but watching Stifler get his kung fu on is just a little too hard to swallow.
BAD An uneasy combination of self-help bromides, poorly edited fight sequences and music video-style flash.
BAD ...nonstop fighting, kicking, punching, and killing, with a dollop of juvenile humor thrown in.
FAIR If you're a fan of martial arts, and fancy an alternative to the heavy going comic adaptations ahead, then this is your bag.
FAIR In honor of Yun-Fat's Zen calm, let's say, 'Just because one has directed countless Mariah Carey videos does not mean one can film kung-fu, Lotus Blossom.'
BAD A film based on utterly tired and useless material.
BAD While some of the buddy sequences between Monk and Kar have a sweetness to them, as soon as Jade gets into the mix it turns sour.
BAD Bulletproof Monk proposes that the enlightenment of Tibetan monks can be sucked out of their heads by the same method that our collective energy is harnessed by the Matrix. Hmph.
BAD Add another martial-arts flick to the growing list of Matrix wannabes.
GOOD This story, while entertaining, is hardly bulletproof.
BAD If you've been waiting for The Raiders of the Lost Ark to be remade as a bad kung fu film, wait no longer.
FAIR It may be easy to say that I'll throw a bone to anything that even attempts to take traditional genre around interesting places.
BAD The decent stuff just outweighs the silliness factor to make an enjoyable piece of fun.
BAD Much like the music videos of director Paul Hunter, making his feature-film debut here, Bulletproof Monk is flashy, forgettable fluff.
FAIR The very teaming of Chow Yun-Fat and Seann William Scott suggested we were in for Dude, Where's My Monk? or Crouching Stoner, Hidden Dude; the fact that we got anything else is little short of miraculous.
BAD You dig special effects? See this but be ready for a generic plot.
BAD It's so bad there's no way it can't attract a cult following.
FAIR Not bad, but it has a combination of little things that - when added together - had the cumulative effect of dulling my enjoyment to the point that I was just ambivalent about it.
BAD Dude, where's my comic book?
BAD The presence of the star of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon also emphasizes the utter lack of elegance in Bulletproof Monk's enervating series of gravity-defying, heavily CGI-enhanced feats.
FAIR It's no mean feat to make a film this smart look so fluffy and stupid!
FAIR For all its kitsch Bulletproof Monk is simple, silly fun.
BAD Great title, but this martial-arts comedy doesn't quite live up to it.
BAD So goofy it borders on camp.
BAD Garbage.
BAD A hackneyed comic-book adaptation made bearable by the still sparkling charm of Chow Yun-Fat.
GOOD Like the best "mockumentaries", this often feels like the real thing - unlike the obvious parody that was SPINAL TAP.
BAD Quentin, what are you smoking?
BAD Cheesy little mid-80s fare; lotsa bad music, bad hair, and bad acting.
BAD Here's a movie without a brain in its head about three young women with no brains in theirs.
FAIR The characters, rather than the plot, make this an enjoyable movie.
FAIR The movie falls apart when it tries to go back and investigate another mystery... I'd trade closure for more moments of comedic brilliance.
FAIR For all their moodiness and irascibility, the girls come across as warm and believable, and there are funny moments when they take to the streets to raise money for a new guitar.
GOOD The music here is really just a Macguffin, a way into Moodyson's real subject: the complex and often unequal dynamics of adolescent friendships.
GOOD The beautifully authentic performances by the three bandmates capture that brief life moment when nearly everything can feel like a scary, joyous act of rebellion.
GOOD It's a film for seeing familiar things being done well, not for being surprised or challenged.
GOOD We Are The Best! is a delightful film about the friendship between its three young protagonists, set to an amusing and convincing punk music backdrop. I spent half the running time with a grin on my face.
FAIR We Are the Best! is as unique as chips and chocolate. It's also as universal as cosmic pubescence.
GOOD A proudly feminist middle finger to conformity, and a celebration of youthful rebellion.
FAIR "We Are the Best!" captures the chaos of youth with a funny and profane energy.
GOOD In its evocation of the early '80s Stockholm middle-school girl punk rock scene, "We Are The Best!" could hardly be more specific. But in its depiction of the joys and sorrows of adolescence, it could hardly be more universal.
FAIR Moodysson has brought these non-conformists delightfully, sensitively to life with design and cinematography reflecting the recently departed 70's.
FAIR The young actresses are just flawless and I think Lukas Moodysson really tells this story well.
GOOD Full of adolescent energy -- vibrant, untethered, and kind of bonkers -- the new movie from Swedish director Lukas Moodysson is a gentler version of childhood than he's recently favoured.
GOOD The performances of all three young actors are superb, soulful, honest and full of joy. Their dialogue is often ridiculously funny and there's no sense of manufactured drama.
GOOD So far this year, one of the most warmly inspiring films ... sheer smile-on-your-dial factor. Moodysson absolutely knows what he's doing ... becomes funnier and funnier.
GOOD Captures the dynamics of adolescent friendship to perfection. Funny and full of bluster, it's an exuberant tribute to punk rock spirit, and to the experience of being thirteen.
FAIR An unexpected charmer about friendship, identity and the liberating power of making a racket.
GOOD It may not be very punk, but these girls just want to have fun. And, crucially, Moodysson is having a good time too; there's joy in every frame.
GOOD The great charm of Lukas Moodysson's We Are the Best! lies in its total lack of pretension and adult editorializing.
GOOD Relentlessly upbeat... Captures the peripatetic energy of youth.
GOOD We Are the Best! seems like [Moodysson's] clearest vision to date.
GOOD This is a knowing film, and a liberating one.
FAIR The young actresses are flawless, and their ear-banging music, which remains awful throughout the film, is nonetheless full of static electricity.
GOOD The teenage actors nail their natural, giddy-sad coming-of-age performances and Moodyson flavors the film with fine direction of its young stars.
GOOD Director Moodysson revels in the way his young cast alternate between being children and adults, back and forth like a lenticular image. The film is irresistible--conveying the pleasures of being a spiky nuisance in a maddeningly calm society.
GOOD A note-perfect coming-of-age story masquerading as a Behind the Music documentary
GOOD [Moodysson] captures the crushing urgency and emotional craziness of youth. It's not blood that flows through these girls' veins, it's nitroglycerin.
GOOD "We Are the Best!" is a messy, congenial empowerment story that knows how aggravating adolescence can be when you refuse to fit in.
GOOD It's a title that makes quite a statement. Few viewers will be inclined to argue.
FAIR Sweet-spirited and sometimes meandering but always working in the service of its young protagonists' perspective.
GOOD A coming of age frolic with lessons for all ages.
FAIR It's impossible not to root for these appealing if flawed youngsters.
FAIR Much of the standup material is pretty darn funny; the rest is almost painfully bad.
FAIR Mostly, Kit Kittredge is exactly what you'd expect -- a treacle-sweet, simplistic story about maintaining a stiff upper lip in the face of adversity, keeping your family together, and not judging a book by its cover.
FAIR Emotionally affecting but dramatically wobbly, "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl" touchingly illustrates the sting of poverty without overly resorting to childish shenanigans.
FAIR More depth than you would expect
GOOD When I have children, this is the kind of movie I hope they will like. It's intelligent, it's meaningful, and it doesn't condescend to kids. In fact, it actually encourages kids to think.
FAIR Kit Kittredge has many of the classic ingredients of a successful family tale, but it's most notable success is in the unusual themes it brings to the forefront.
FAIR ...sweet-tempered and endearing, mining several layers of nostalgia...
FAIR If only all family films could be this good.
GOOD As surprising as finding vegetables in a bowl of vegetable soup, Kit Kittredge still comes as a little oasis of thoughtfulness in a summer largely devoted to property damage.
FAIR With a plethora of violent and drug-related movies streaming into theaters faster than a Star Wars battleship, the heartfelt Kit Kittredge offers an enjoyable breath of fresh air.
GOOD A cute dog, feisty kids, and a great big happy ending, everything an American Girl fan would want out of the movie. That's enough to please the parents, too.
FAIR The movie would be more interesting if it weren't photographed in the amber glow we associate with Kodak commercials and other happily-ever-after exercises in nostalgia.
GOOD excellent performances, an intelligent script, rooted in the 30s, but timeless in its themes, make it an adventure and a delight, for all ages
GOOD There I sat, alone in the dark, trying to figure out why no one else was in the theater for "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl."
BAD The story isn't bad and it has a good message, but the pacing drains all of the energy and fun out of what could have been an exceptional family movie.
FAIR [I]t may seem like it's part of a commercial juggernaut, but it's also a well-made and well-acted family film.
FAIR Manages a careful balance of entertainment and realism. It could be a Shirley Temple movie for our current hard times.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is a film you walk out of and say, "Well, that was ok." Then you move on with your life.
BAD Paved with such good intentions that it's a shame to have to criticize it. Alas, said good intentions cannot stop the picture from being a decidedly dull and eventless experience.
GOOD A vibrant, character-filled mystery-comedy set during a Depression that resembles the present all too much.
FAIR This classy, heart-on-its-sleeve movie is packed with laudable life lessons and Depression-era trivia.
FAIR This is a sweet, G-rated story of 1930s girl power, with nary a princess in sight.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is proof of how far you can get with the right screenwriter -- in this instance one versed in Children's Adventures 101 -- and director.
FAIR For what it is and for whom it's intended (young children), Kit Kittredge works and works wonderfully.
FAIR Smart, empathetic, fun loving and, best of all, a delight for all audiences.
FAIR A thoroughly satisfying and engaging children's picture that never forgets those kids probably didn't get to the theater by themselves.
FAIR That Kit largely succeeds is testament to not only its timing but also its craft.
GOOD Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is rife with feisty, generous pleasures.
FAIR There's nothing remotely cool about Kit Kittredge. That's why it's cool.
GOOD This tale of a little girl's determination and grit during the Depression is an honest-to-goodness family movie, one that parents and children can enjoy equally and together.
BAD Kit Kittredge is a dutiful bore.
FAIR ... girls who are into American Girls will find Kit Kittredge to be an enormously pleasing romp with one of their favorite characters.
BAD Kit Kittredge is, as her movie and doll-line assert, An American Girl, and so she'll need to face up to her national history, embrace her responsibility, and learn a useful life lesson to boot.
FAIR Frankly, they are lucky to have this cast. Breslin pretty much charms her way through some rough patches, and both Cusack and Tucci provide welcome comic relief.
FAIR And any film that plants such ideas in the cultural compost heap should be commended. Here's hoping they bloom.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is one of the best kid's movies to come out in years. For a moment anyway, this film made me desperately want to be a kid again.
FAIR It takes some getting used to, but be patient: Within the madness, there's definitely a method, and rewards for the reaping.
FAIR Although the comedy feels as broad as the Atlantic initially, once the main characters are transplanted to Pakistan things look up as the script begins to properly probe the emotional flaws of the characters rather than just opting for cheap laughs.
FAIR Not a perfect film but still entertaining in its own right.
FAIR Once again, it is Puri's commanding presence that holds the film together, though as Sajid, young Aqib Khan has enough natural charm and confidence to make him an endearing scene-stealer.
FAIR Ekes some gentle yuks out of culture clashes and father-son strife.
FAIR It amounts to an amiable enough way to kill a couple of hours, but that's about it.
FAIR It may avoid politics, but something is stirring beneath the fart jokes and biracial blunders.
FAIR Perhaps it doesn't have the novelty of the first film, but it's refreshingly un-parochial, with charm and fun, and Bassett and Puri are reliably excellent.
FAIR West is West is full of delights: Peter Robertson's airy cinematography is casually gorgeous, the Hindi film songs on the soundtrack are delightful, and the acting consistently top-notch.
BAD By trying to do something different with the characters, the film omits much of the good-hearted yet slightly edgy laughter we enjoyed so much the first time round.
BAD The humour has broadened as surely as the vision and human authenticity have narrowed.
BAD With no culture-clash cliche left unplundered, Andy DeEmmony sets his camera to autopilot for a film which never decides who or what it's about.
FAIR It's colourfully shot, with a few witty lines, and pretty watchable. It's just not as good as the original.
BAD Its heart is definitely in the right place. But there's more to comedy than funny accents. And daubing on Eastern profundities like lumpy henna won't cover the cracks.
FAIR It raises and addresses that deep-seated desire engrained in of us all: the sense of belonging and need for identity, without which we fail to really understand ourselves.
BAD Eleven years on but without a great deal more to add, DeEmmony's saga runs out of gas.
FAIR A cross-cultural sequel that's as gently comical as the first was satirical. Despite lashings of Eastern promise, it's as British as a chip butty.
FAIR West Is West is something of a lightweight. Think of all that's happened since 1999. You wouldn't have guessed it from this.
FAIR Enjoyable, emotionally engaging sequel with a witty script and terrific performances from Om Puri and newcomer Aqib Khan, though it's let down by some erratic editing decisions.
FAIR While this sequel isn't as sharply funny as 1999's East Is East, it has some nice things to say about growing up in a multi-cultural society.
FAIR For all the Dogme-ordained restrictions to make the film feel "real," it ends up feeling more artificial.
FAIR The least you can say for it is that's it's truly brazen.
FAIR Not bad for a dogme movie.
GOOD Von Trier has proven his self-proclamations of cinematic genius to be true.
FAIR The Idiots suggests that if Danish iconoclast Lars von Trier's filmsare getting tougher, they're also continuing to reward the patient.
FAIR It's one thing to know in your own ego that you're an intrepid cinematic genius. It's quite another thing to be so cocky that you leave flubbed shots in your movie and call it art.
BAD A tedious, pretentious bore.
BAD Has nothing on its mind besides the squirming discomfort of its audience.
GOOD A testament to Von Trier's technical virtuosity that a film shot with crude video equipment in amateurish conditions could be so gorgeous.
BAD A poor imitation of a screwball comedy.
FAIR This amiable comedy may not be hugely sophisticated, but Hogan does manage to make his attractive leads look like complete idiots, no mean achievement in image-obsessed Hollywood.
GOOD The Roberts audiences knew and loved is back--not only has the smile returned, but also the glow, the joy of performance.
FAIR A romantic comedy significantly darker, more realistic and more intelligent than Hollywood examples of the same genre.
GOOD This delightful comedy about love, friendship and the hazards of lying comes not a moment too soon for anyone overwhelmed by the current glut of summer movie mayhem.
GOOD Not only does this modern-day screwball romp manage to be romantic and comical, it also offers Julia Roberts a chance to shine again in the kind of movie that she does best.
FAIR Hey, I actually really liked this picture.
FAIR [Julia Roberts] is at her vibrant best.
FAIR There are many humorous moments throughout, though some of the more outrageous segments seem too contrivedly wacky.
FAIR Every once in a long while, along comes a refreshing change like My Best Friend's Wedding, a movie whose appeal rests largely on its knack for defying our expectations by riffing off, even undermining, a familiar genre.
FAIR Fall-down funny moments.
FAIR My Best Friend's Wedding feels repetitive at times, but its star power and willingness to undercut convention come through at the end.
GOOD Everett is very charming.
FAIR An uneasy mix of well-realized humor and unrealized sadness.
BAD A disappointment.
BAD Emotionally, this is a movie that just doesn't compute. You leave feeling cross, as if you've been tricked.
BAD [An] obtuse, prettily decorative comedy.
BAD Echoes of Roberts' personal life slop over into the plot with the alacrity of a foot fungus doing the two-step in the locker room of a high school gym.
GOOD This is the thinking man's romantic comedy and a contender for the best of that genre for the decade.
FAIR Light and frothy, enjoyable for some, irritating to others.
BAD What I found unbelievable and unable to forgive, much of what the audiences were blindly exculpatory to, was the wicked, insideousness of Julia Roberts' character.
GOOD It is the perfect movie to see if you figure you can't stomach another summer action flick.
FAIR Roberts, despite being required to fall through doors and tumble from chairs more often than is truly necessary, handles the material with exactly the right level of skill and charm.
FAIR It's funny as hell -- not in a rolling-in-the-aisles kind of way -- but in the sly smile, knowing glance, growling chuckle kind of way.
FAIR The screenplay has never been on autopilot; it just fooled us into thinking it was, in order to sneak up on the unpredictability.
FAIR In the eleventh hour, a little romance creeps into this distinctly unromantic comedy.
GOOD My Best Friend's Wedding is effective -- some might say manipulative -- at winning you over to its side.
GOOD One of the things that makes My Best Friend's Wedding such a terrific romantic comedy is that it refuses to play it safe.
FAIR Fairly entertaining, thanks to a few unexpected bursts of irreverence.
GOOD Surprisingly unique and darkly funny.
GOOD A big, Harry family adventure full of laughs.
BAD Just as Mac and Me eventually devolved into a feature-length commercial for McDonald's, Harry and the Hendersons eventually emerges as a vegetarian screed.
FAIR Charming and silly.
FAIR Passable family pap.
BAD John Lithgow paying his dues.
FAIR Fun, one-of-a-kind, and sometimes scary, adventure/comedy with the always-delightful, John Lithgow.
BAD Spielbergian sentimentality at its ickiest
GOOD A warm and fuzzy family adventure about why you can't domesticate a sasquatch.
FAIR While Deschanel is the reason to see Winter Passing, her support is nearly impeccable in keeping it from being a one-woman show.
FAIR A strangely moving experience.
FAIR Performances keep the film afloat and focused whenever it threatens to drift.
BAD Unfortunately, this too-dour film can't decide whether it wants to be a comedy or a drama. As a result, it doesn't really work as either.
BAD The comic moments fall flat while the serious stuff often is unintentionally funny.
BAD A film that feels like it will take forever to pass.
FAIR Midway through, Rapp loses momentum, failing to hone in on just what kind of movie he wants to make, and Winter Passing languishes in that no-man's land between tiny, meandering, indie drama and plotted, pointed family melodrama.
FAIR Winter Passing's quirky elements and light comedic touches fail to save it from its dark and lumbering premise.
FAIR This flawed drama about a self-destructive young actress and her reclusive novelist father has its rewards, mainly in some good performances.
FAIR [Zooey] Deschanel carries the heavy and sometimes uneven Winter Passing, which possesses not only a love of language but a moving adoration for the language of love.
FAIR There are intriguing actors and ideas here, but only occasionally do they combine with convincing force.
BAD ...a finding-yourself drama that gets lost in unnecessary character quirks.
GOOD This is the kind of movie routinely dismissed as too slow and quiet by those who don't know it is more exciting to listen than to hear.
FAIR The overall impression is one of: "so what"?
FAIR This could easily slip over into the realm of the melodramatic, but the solid performances keep it from going over the edge (but just barely).
BAD So what we have is a bunch of damaged people acting damaged and trying to get on with lives of quiet desperation. This is generally what's considered art nowadays.
BAD gets by solely on the fact that there's enthusiasm in it, but that enthusiasm never reaches out to embrace the audience.
FAIR Rapp's theatrical past is evident throughout: His strongest scenes tend to be those purely character-driven moments when his sharp dialogue takes precedence over any cinematic action.
BAD And therein lies the chief problem with Winter Passing: there's very little nuance to -- any of the characters in Rapp's meandering narrative, which the first-time director wraps up on an emotionally pat note that doesn't feel earned.
FAIR The best part of Winter Passing -- is the way its random characters connect, like snowflakes bouncing off each other, like words suddenly taking shape on a page.
BAD Rapp plays out the relationships between these superficially drawn characters in an entirely pat manner, yet Deschanel manages to make Winter Passing almost matter. That's real talent.
BAD Underneath the contemplative tone and poetic visuals lies a disappointingly familiar coming-of-age story.
FAIR A portrait of grieving artists, trying to get back to the quotidian business of suffering.
FAIR Unfortunately, as a character, Don -- Roth-like in stature, Salinger-esque in seclusion -- and the angst of a blossoming performer among literary giants is too familiar to feel fresh.
FAIR A little movie that straddles the fence of mediocrity from start to finish, Winter Passing is worth seeing mainly for one reason: Zooey Deschanel.
BAD Adam Rapp's story of an embittered child's homecoming and confrontation with a parent throws off dramatic sparks, but they never flare into a blaze.
FAIR Winter Passing is a classic example of a pedestrian motion picture being lifted out of mediocrity by an arresting lead performance. Zooey Deschanel doesn't just elevate Winter Passing; she carries it.
FAIR Exaggerated drama about emotional disability after a family-fracturing loss provides a performance piece for Deschanel's depth and Will Ferrell's other side.
BAD The film delivers nothing more than a familiar Sundance-style brand of stagy, small-scale drama.
FAIR ...an oddly compelling, beautifully acted drama...
FAIR an enjoyably offbeat slice of amusingly dysfunctional family life
FAIR Wacky film makes smoking, teen fetish part of the joke.
FAIR De Felitta chose well by casting 24-year-old actor Steven Strait, who gives the exasperated convict humor, charm, and sex appeal - something that doesn't go unnoticed by Joyce, or many of the women in the audience as well.
GOOD Melding the abundant misunderstandings of a Shakespeare comedy with the New York wit of a Neil Simon play, City Island is a boisterous charmer with a big heart.
BAD Everybody has a secret and is too dumb to work out what those secrets are, a specious bit of plotting designed to pad out the running time of this shrill farce beyond its natural sit-com length.
BAD This feature might work better as a television series, but Garcia himself gives the picture some much-needed ballast.
FAIR There's nothing earth-shatteringly new, but you do end up wishing the characters well, and I was happy to have spent time with them.
FAIR I won't make great claims for Raymond De Felitta's film - it hardly makes them for itself - but I will say this for it: as an ensemble acting workout, it exceeds expectations from the top down.
FAIR An at-times marvellous muddle of high farce and low-brow chuckles.
GOOD This isn't a revolution in filmmaking, but a rare kind of comedy where the actors keep it real.
GOOD Garcia's gift for comedy is a true revelation.
FAIR Sweet and satisfying.
GOOD Impressively directed and superbly written, this is an emotionally engaging, warm-hearted and frequently funny family drama with terrific central performances from Andy Garcia and Julianna Margulies.
FAIR This drama feels a little contrived due to the sheer number of issues faced by one family over a short period of time. But it's so refreshingly well-acted, with lively characters and some fairly outrageous situations, that it keeps us fully engaged.
FAIR City Island contains a lot of warmth and good humour making it an unexpected delight.
FAIR Contrived soap-opera, delineating yet another dysfunctional family - and woefully underutilizing its interesting locale.
GOOD The sense of humour threaded through De Felitta's writing is infectiously sarcastic enough to silence any cynics who might be watching, but also warm and wise enough to give the feelgood crowd the fuzzy feeling they are after.
BAD For most of its 100 minutes, City Island is smart entertainment. The characters are involving, and the dialogue has snap. Before the ending falters, City Island has a personal, enjoyable verve.
FAIR According to writer-director Raymond De Felitta's blog entries on Salon.com, he has worked a long time to get his new movie City Island to the screen, maybe a little too long.
FAIR Consider the unpretentious 'City Island' fine counter-programming to the CGI monsters, bland romantic comedies, randy teens and spandex superheroes that clog the megaplex.
FAIR ... City Island can be a moving piece of filmmaking when it gets serious and focuses on real people who are having real-life problems.
FAIR Resembles a Norman Lear television comedy, for better and worse; it's 'realistic' but not exactly naturalistic.
FAIR ... the movie has a good heart, and that's what we respond to.
FAIR Strangely, this comedy-drama works pretty well a great deal of the time. The good cast certainly helps in that regard.
FAIR Writer-director Raymond De Felitta has cut together a frustrating comedy, with the misunderstandings piling up like kindling for a bonfire that his movie never lights.
FAIR Just when City Island makes you want to say "Enough with the yelling already!" it does, and the characters' stories get softer, less wacky, more nuanced -- and more interesting.
GOOD A funny, heartfelt look at families, relationships and the lies that prop them up as much as tear them down.
GOOD Writer/director Raymond De Felitta has an uncommon talent for creating simple but compelling characters.
GOOD A sparkling example of independent filmmaking at its finest. This delightful family-oriented movie wears its heart on its sleeve.
FAIR The sentiment feels real and the payoffs feel earned, and those things are worth the price of admission.
BAD It has a basic goodness of heart that counteracts, if not entirely cancels out, the film's broadness and busyness.
FAIR Some situational humor is predictable: with hunky Tony walking around shirtless, both wife and daughter feel a close, um, kinship. Well, of course they do. Because there's chemistry ... and then there's DNA.
FAIR In a decade largely defined by raunchy teen sex comedies, here's a film that stood out from the pack thanks to its sweetness and sincerity.
GOOD A classic. Has laughs in just about every single scene.
FAIR The Sure Thing succeeds most in identifying the self-effacing charm that would become Cusack's stock-in-trade as a young romantic lead.
FAIR A charming surprise.
FAIR This is a likeable film that follows all of the necessary steps to engage an audience. It may not be a sure thing, but it's at least a pretty good bet.
FAIR One of the great teen comedies of the 80s. One reason why Cusack became what he became
GOOD Sweet and wonderful.
GOOD A wonderful start for Cusack and Reiner.
FAIR One of the more "mature" teen comedies from the 80s.
GOOD Walter and Alison are closer to real teenagers, with real doubts and hesitations and uncertainties.
GOOD It's a treasure, smartly written, delightfully played (you'll be able to see why Cusack quickly became a star), and scored with a half-dozen period hits...
FAIR Stars John Cusack and Daphne Zuniga are no Gable and Colbert, but they make for interesting juniorfied versions
GOOD Rob Reiner's new film, The Sure Thing, is glowing proof of two things: Traditional romantic comedy can be adapted to suit the teen-age trade, and Mr. Reiner's contribution to This Is Spinal Tap was more than a matter of humor.
FAIR Like The 40-Year-Old Virgin, its sex romp overtures hide a warm and sympathetic heart.
GOOD Smart, sassy and sweet. This showed John Cusack's promise as a romantic lead, and some.
BAD There is one little problem with the Argentine drama Empty Nest, an all-too-convincing film about a man suffering from a middle-aged malaise: Nothing of interest happens.
FAIR Empty Nest is light in tone and sometimes laugh-out-loud funny, and the humour is generally subtle and grown up.
FAIR Burman's fifth feature is too slight and uneven to fully satisfy, even though it does have much of the same wit and insight as Lost Embrace and Family Law, two previous films that earned the director many comparisons to Woody Allen.
GOOD A leisurely, genial look at a man escaping from his insecurities into a surreal fantasy life, keeping the audience guessing what is real, until he floats into maturity.
BAD In the end, it all can't help feeling a little slight, more a pleasant wade into a writer's neurotic playground than a satisfyingly deep dip.
BAD The script doesn't offer anything especially new, but Burman infuses the film with innovative lensing and capable acting that should draw in viewers.
BAD In Empty Nest, a couple is forced to question their identities and relationships now that parenting is not their most immediate concern.
FAIR An Argentinian film that offers some fresh twists and slants on the challenges of middle-age.
BAD The longer the film's fiftysomething playwright watches his marriage wither, his kids grow up and his teeth rot, the more psychological acuity gives way to the usual obsessing over loss and nubile females.
FAIR This sense of unreality, this feeling of being ill at ease in one's surroundings is communicated via Burman's off-kilter, rhythmic filmmaking.
FAIR Empty Nest doesn't offer anything new in the style Ingmar Bergman made so famous, but the film captures your heart thanks to the fine acting of its two main characters and Burman's deft hand.
FAIR Una comedia dramatica algo melancolica sobre la crisis de los 50, desde el punto de vista de un hombre cuyos hijos han dejado el hogar. Estupenda labor de Oscar Martinez.
BAD If you aren't a tween girl, this really isn't going to catch you.
BAD It's only real point of view is that the best things you can aspire to in life are to be "hot," to land a cute boy, and to become a famous pop star.
FAIR The artifice of the setup sometimes clashes with the realism of the portrayal, but if you give it time, the film may grow on you as it did me...
BAD I know someone out there must like these things, because Sandler keeps getting the money to make what is turning out to be the same movie over and over again, but I must not be tuned into his comedy wavelength.
BAD The idea that the unholy trinity of Sandler, regular cohort Rob Schneider, and director Dennis Dugan could re-unite after ...Chuck and Larry begs the question: just how much did these guys sell their souls to get another film green lit?
BAD ...the latest in a long line of underwhelming Adam Sandler comedies...
BAD You have to give Adam Sandler some credit: He is trying new things and working to expand his particular brand of juvenile comedy, albeit not always successfully.
FAIR I cracked up during a lot of this movie.
BAD The ideas and some of the individual bits in Zohan work, but the crudeness of the execution undermines the results.
FAIR Slightly better than most.
FAIR An army hero wearing Mariah Carey t-shirts? Yes. Yes. Yes.
BAD Sandler prefers to fall back on cartoonish stunt action, sleazy innuendo and bodily fluid gags. These things may satisfy his core fan-base, but everyone else will leave the cinema feeling a bit cheated.
BAD The worst thing about the film is not that but the constant, feeble sexual innuendos with which Sandler saddles himself.
BAD The ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine isn't exactly the obvious choice of topic for a comedy - which is perhaps why this film is about as funny as a suicide bombing.
FAIR The central character may be a spin on Borat, and many of the jokes a touch familiar, but the whole package is so unbelievably silly, you'll find yourself laughing for at least half the running time.
BAD By the end, I felt as though I had been carpet-bombed by comedy's answer to Vladimir Putin. But, on second thoughts, Putin is funnier.
BAD There are enough comedy diamonds in the rough here though to make it worth a look, but only just.
BAD After playing it relatively straight in his recent movies, Adam Sandler goofs off big time here, laying on a thick Israeli accent and proving real men blow dry. There are funny highpoints, but the grab-bag approach never quite gels.
FAIR While the premise may not stand up to scrutiny, Sandler's performance - relatively restrained and nicely judged - makes you almost warm to the man who dumbly shrugged his way through years of neo-com tat.
BAD This is a silly, crass comedy about a badass Israeli commando who secretly longs to be a hairdresser specialising in 1980s stylings.
FAIR You Don't Mess With the Zohan is a rude and routine Adam Sandler farce with some exceedingly sharp lines.
BAD There's a broad theory that no matter how funny the comedy, 90 minutes is the point at which audiences have had enough. You Don't Mess With The Zohan trundles on for 113 minutes, none of them funny.
BAD Another sloppily concocted and naggingly non-controversial pretext for Sandler to pelvic thrust his way though a succession of increasingly wacky fish-out-of-water situations.
FAIR A strange, mostly enjoyable mix of big political questions and crude comedy, Zohan overcomes its skeletal plotting and uneven gag ratio through Sandler's sheer commitment to nonsense.
BAD O pior filme da carreira de Adam Sandler... e se considerarmos que estamos falando do genio por tras de O Paizao e Little Nicky, esta constatacao se torna mais do que deprimente; torna-se apavorante.
FAIR Amusing Adam Sandler comedy with a bonkers premise, a surprisingly likeable central character and a handful of decent gags.
BAD Just when you think civilisation may be moving forward a bit (OK, I'm an optimist), another Adam Sandler movie comes along.
BAD You should have known: You Don't Expect Much from the Zohan.
FAIR Zohan is both exponentially stranger than Larry and about twice as amusing.
BAD You Don't Mess with the Zohan has bumped 'Click' from the top of Sandler's list as his worst movie ever.
BAD Occasionally the film is so bad it's almost funny, if you think a scene in which a cat is used as a football is funny.
BAD Why does Adam Sandler continue to make these comedies that aren't funny? Because your neighbor's 13-year old kid keeps going to see them.
FAIR Sandler's best in a long time
BAD The script has a couple of actually funny gags, but hack director Dennis Dugan messes up the delivery in service to Sandler's titanic ego.
FAIR If "Munich" is the disease, the Zohan is the cure. Some hard little grains of truth make this Sandler's funniest movie since "The Waterboy."
FAIR Things work out, of course, to everyone's satisfaction: there are a few political gags that have a veneer of audacity, but in essence, the movie takes risks only with its audience's gag reflex.
BAD If only the Zohan hadn't messed with us. Worse than his excruciating Chuck And Larry, Sandler seems determined to refine the unfunny comedy. Please, Mr Sandler, stop it. Please. It hurts.
BAD Director Duggan serves up a scattershot satire that is about as funny as a Palestinian landmine at an Israeli kiddie birthday party. Broad, offensive and thinly veiled...
BAD Lame hair comedy riddled with greasy dandruff.
BAD When it's funny, it's very, very funny, but when it's bad, it's downright awful.
BAD This is a comedy that employs the crudest of humour. It is a racist, sexist, homophobic, and anti-Catholic travesty that just does not sit well in these politically correct times, and nor should it.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never quite connects than to Jonze actually meeting his grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a coming-of-age film. It's an end-of-innocence film. And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time. You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never having read the book, it must be better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying. It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky... But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never mind the little ones. This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never grew up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year. It's just a pity he didn't make it more accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun? The book was entrancing. The book deserved better. Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it. For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange. But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it. In fact, Wild Things... I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment. It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children. And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
BAD It's a film which isn't in the slightest bit funny or sexy, and is deeply depressing.
BAD A lifeless waste of time.
BAD With an apparent mission to make the ultimate gross-out comedy, first-time director Andy Humphries has instead made something merely gross, which resembles a pilot episode of an uninspired sitcom that somebody neglected to edit.
BAD This is, I hope, the only movie that has shown, or will ever show, Johnny Vegas, topless, in not one, but two gangbang scenes.
BAD This doesn't have the wit to stagger to the end of the pier.
BAD This has all the wit and charm of a smutty seaside postcard.
BAD Neither sexy nor funny.
BAD The result would be unspeakably vile if it wasn't so embarrassingly puerile.
BAD Running With Scissors is a schizophrenic film. It simply doesn't know what it wants to be %u2014 a witty and wacky satire, or a serious and heartfelt drama.
FAIR The first half rolls along like an excitable child hoping to entertain with each new stunt. But it loses the book's dark humour. Running with Scissors? More like a stumble.
BAD Running With Scissors has a great cast and an appropriately chaotic nature, but it never really adds up to anything and fails to hit its emotional targets.
BAD Well-acted by the superb ensemble cast but there just isn't a likeable character amongst them to care about.
BAD We can really feel writer-director Murphy straining for both wacky hilarity and touching emotion. And never quite getting there.
BAD Running With Scissors is alternately grating and boring, as deadly a combo as one could imagine sitting through for two unendurable hours.
FAIR This may be Annette Bening's finest screen work ever.
BAD This has been watered down to be more like Walking with Plastic Spoons.
GOOD It's a film about dreams, about gurus and disciples, about self-centered people destroying each other. Yes, it can make you laugh, but it breaks your heart at the same time.
BAD Running With Scissors loses its edge because we want to see more of Baldwin and less of everyone else.
BAD To cut to the chase, Burroughs' movie memoir runs out of inspiration before he takes a stab at adulthood.
BAD when all is said and done, the reaction of most viewers to 'Scissors' is more likely to be 'huh?' than it is 'ha ha.' The longer the movie goes on, the weaker its grasp on the emotions becomes.
BAD Murphy's take on Burroughs' hellish childhood is tonally fractured, unleavened with black-as-pitch gallows yuks and -- very nearly its saving grace - a series of performances that pitch and yaw between 'normal' and utterly mad.
BAD As dysfunctional family movies go, this is one skip. It doesn't just run with the scissors, it falls on them.
BAD I've often wondered how Burroughs' scathing ruminations would translate to the big screen and now I know: not that well.
BAD Running With Scissors fails to make the cut.
BAD As brought to the screen by writer-director Ryan Murphy, Running with Scissors works best in the opening scenes when Augusten is still very young.
GOOD Bening, who took a break from acting for a few years to raise her children, is absolutely perfect as a Valium-slowed walking time bomb.
FAIR Running with Scissors looks great, and works fine when Bening is on screen; otherwise, it's off-balance, teetering where it should hold steady.
FAIR Based on the nimbly-written, hilarious, moving and terrifying best-selling Augusten Burroughs memoir, it's a tale that incorporates drug addiction, pedophilia, mental illness, the ordeal of surviving a nightmare childhood.
BAD Uneven. Haphazard. Spirit-deflating.
GOOD The gang in this oddly entertaining film makes The Royal Tenenbaums and The Addams Family appear as normal as Ozzie and Harriet.
BAD If the book was deadpan, the movie is more -- or less -- dead.
BAD This is an Igby Goes Down without the laughs, a morbid miscalculation of The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou size.
BAD Episodic, shallow and so bizarre that it's almost surreal.
BAD The film trips over its willy-nilly story line and falls on its own blade.
FAIR What worked on the page for countless readers feels fey and slight in a film that is as dominated by Bening's performance as this young boy apparently was by his mother.
BAD Anyone who has watched 10 minutes of Nip/Tuck knows [director] Murphy is adept at cramming all sorts of weirdness into a couple of hours, but in Running With Scissors he turns out to be inexplicably squeamish.
BAD This film promises black comedy, outrageous effrontery and sizzling satire. And for about 20 minutes it delivers.
FAIR It's one of the most clear-headed -- and twistedly entertaining -- views of drug dependency and insanity I've ever seen.
BAD Running with Scissors feels like nothing more than one of the many current TV series that appeal to viewers looking for edgy entertainment.
BAD Running With Scissors is mostly quirks. This adaptation of Augusten Burroughs' questionable memoir tries hard to be edgy and different -- but it tries too hard.
FAIR A mood-swinging, often amusing version of Augusten Burroughs' tart, best-selling memoir.
FAIR ...depicts a fiercely talented performer who has created...a temple to his own cult. While the resulting spectacle may be distasteful in its egotism and indulgence, there's no doubting the drive and devotion of a man for whom the world truly is a stage.
FAIR The movie is pretty standard behind-the-scenes fare most of the time, but kudos to O'Brien for allowing the filmmakers to portray him in a light that's not always flattering.
FAIR An alternately revealing and concealing vanity project that gives O'Brien a chance to vent his anger, ventilate his underlings (with his rapier wit) and play rock star alongside such celebrity enablers as Eddie Vedder and Jack White.
GOOD It's hard to feel sorry for a guy who banked millions for not hosting "The Tonight Show" anymore, but it's also fascinating to see a man this compulsively driven to get back in front of people and tell jokes, to hear the laughter, to soak in the applause.
GOOD ...a compact, compelling study of the classic manic comic personality in full overdrive.
FAIR It's (the) insight and honesty that elevates the film, transforming it into an inspiring -- if a shade or two less than truly intimate -- portrait of an immensely likable man
FAIR For the most part, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop plays like a fairly typical tour documentary...
FAIR Some of the concert footage and backstage banter with the writers is extremely funny, but the funny is in shorter supply than you'd expect.
BAD While a lot of geography is covered, as a concert film, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop is decidedly thin entertainment.
GOOD The shows themselves are tremendous fun, and Flender crams so much backstage detail into the doc that we're swept up in the whirlwind of manic action along with everyone else.
FAIR It's ... entertaining, not to mention revealing about the emotional toll exacted upon people who, in O'Brien's words, "feed their bone marrow to the wood chipper that is television."
FAIR An entertaining documentary that captures a singular performer at a singular moment in his long career.
FAIR Members of Team Coco &#65279;will eat it up. But even those on Team Jay (Leno) can't deny that the film is a fascinating look at one of TV's most creative personalities.
FAIR Surprisingly, and sadly, this documentary about the titular comedian's comedy tour doesn't contain much comedy. Though it is an intriguing portrait of a very talented workaholic.
FAIR Just as he promised, amazing things happen.
FAIR The movie illustrates its title, showing O'Brien as a driven performer who can't stop trying to entertain.
BAD Meta-irony can get a guy who's still grinding an ax only so far.
FAIR O'Brien admits he ended this moment in his life knowing himself a little better. We feel the same way.
FAIR Partly about the making of the stage show and partly about the anger and compulsion underlying the making of it, the movie is often very funny. And when it's not, it's revelatory.
FAIR O'Brien is a compelling guy. The film probably pulls some punches, but it feels like a candid portrait.
FAIR It's a chance to hang out with one of the funniest men alive for an hour and a half. That's really all the movie is, which is fine by me.
BAD It's nice to know that the son of a lawyer and a microbiologist can get into Harvard and make something of himself.
FAIR A serviceable behind-the-scenes tour documentary with about as much insight as a talk-show monologue.
BAD Full of unenlightening snippets and blithe but banal asides, what the movie is missing is edge.
BAD Conan O'Brien Can't Stop serves as a fine character reference, but, in overlooking the controversy and much of the actual show, it downplays its subject as well.
FAIR The film, like the tour, will satisfy the Conan cravings of hardcore fans the most, and prove an enjoyable enough diversion for the rest.
FAIR Seeing his life from the inside, the impulse to judge him fades. You would not want to trade places.
FAIR [O'Brien] may not be the most fun to hang around, but you may not find a more honest showbiz documentary anytime soon.
FAIR The documentary makes the case that O'Brien is too passionate, too complex, too driven to simply snap out of it.
FAIR If "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop" is consistently watchable, it isn't especially funny, nor does it give any deeper insight into its star than you might get from seeing his late-night shows.
FAIR Substantially more than a vanity project if less than a three-dimensional portrait of the human stick figure with the shock of orangey hair.
BAD Can't stop what... complaining?
FAIR There are solid laughs and meta-laughs to be had in "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop,'' but the movie is most worthwhile as a portrait of a celebrity in mid-hissy fit. A creative, self-aware hissy fit, but still.
FAIR What we are seeing is a man determined to vindicate himself after a public humiliation. People attend his shows, cheer him, like him. That proves something, doesn't it?
FAIR The more invested you are in Team Coco, the more you'll enjoy this look into a distinctly heightened period in the life of a celebrity.
GOOD Captures in entertaining and sometimes excruciating detail the trauma that live performers willingly put themselves through, partly to entertain us but also to fuel some drive in themselves.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
GOOD Gondry brings a caught-on-the-fly style to the footage that nonetheless coheres into something that feels planned, or pre-ordained.
GOOD Easily overshadowed by the musical performers, particularly The Fugees, reunited to deliver a most-moving rendition of Killing Me Softly, it is easy to understand why Dave withdrew into his shell, after watching his lame stand-up act here.
GOOD A concert film for people who don't like concert films, Dave Chappelle's Block Party does such a good job of putting you in the middle of the action that only the end credits can remind you that you're sitting in a movie theatre.
GOOD Yes, there's a little preachiness here, but it doesn't puncture the party mood. Or stop Chappelle telling dirty jokes about prostitutes, for that matter. Thanks to him this isn't just a musical feast, but a rib-busting comedy too.
FAIR As a comedy, it doesn't quite gel. As a musical it doesn't have much more luck, but as a showcase for Chappelle's talents, Block Party works just fine.
FAIR The atmosphere is genuinely infectious - the fact that the event is packed, despite pouring rain, speaks volumes.
BAD It looks like run-of-the-mill party videos shot by a drunk.
FAIR Dave Chappelle's Block Party parvient a capturer l'esprit de fete, autant celui de la mise en %u0153uvre que de l'evenement lui-meme, avec une efficacite a toute epreuve.
GOOD Gondry doesn't seriously push the visual envelope; all he's doing is assembling a souvenir, an almost great document of a party most of us missed.
FAIR Chappelle frequently fades to the sideline as the musical groups take over, offering a blisteringly memorable snapshot of hip hop's state of the art in 2004.
GOOD No, it's not Shakespeare, it's not Citizen Kane, but when a movie is this funny, addictive, affectionate, energetic, uplifting and aware of the world and its people and their hearts, it is just as much a triumph.
GOOD LIke Wattstax and Festival Express before it, Chappelle and Gondry's movie makes you feel as though you're at a party when, in fact, you're just sitting in a darkened theater.
GOOD This is effectively an inner-city Woodstock -- only funny.
GOOD A movie with good humor, good music and a positive message that isn't a complete embarrassment to watch.
FAIR a slamming concert telecast that ... proves how raw hip-hop music can translate to film without missing a beat.
FAIR Chappelle will NOT be following Drawn Together
FAIR This movie looks thrown together, kind of like the block party that serves as its focus. And it has all of the appeal of a spontaneous gathering of friends who, in this case, happen to be some of the biggest names in in music.
FAIR the party of the year thanks to some amazing music and a very funny, very likeable host
FAIR The theme of racial self-empowerment runs throughout Dave Chappelle's Block Party. I don't think the comedian just wanted to organize a concert. I think he wanted to encourage positivity.
GOOD Block Party is entertaining from start to finish... you'll walk out of this film with a smile on your face and a few tunes stuck in your head.
GOOD ...the gritty funnyman (Chappelle) invites us all to his specialized big event where the conscientious laughter and lyrics are symbolically joined at the soulful hip.
BAD This could have been better, but I'm not sure how.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of that first beautiful day of spring ... when you can take off your coat and go to the park, bob your head with the radios playing to the open, sweet-scented air and watch the pretty girls walk by.
FAIR Chappelle invents a few routines involving the backing band that had me wiping away hysterical tears.
FAIR A return to rowdy form.
FAIR Block Party itself doesn't kill, exactly, but its charms are enough to disarm.
FAIR A gift to both Chappelle and hip-hop fans.
FAIR No one enjoys the free festivities more than Chappelle, who wanders through the film like a kid on Christmas morning. A very funny kid.
FAIR Those who denounce rap as nothing but profanity-laden chants about living like a pimp and treating women like garbage will be surprised by the strong political messages that pepper the concert.
FAIR Chappelle's talent and the characters in the movie give it a universal appeal, even to those unfamiliar with hip-hop.
FAIR It's intermittently funny, but it peaks too soon and runs far too long. And for all its length, Block Party doesn't tell us much about Chappelle that we haven't seen before.
GOOD Block Party makes for a transcendent experience.
FAIR The music is angry and the jokes are raw but, ultimately, Block Party conveys a positive message to audiences. Instead of competition, we see collaboration between the artists and unity in the diverse crowd.
BAD Strictly for fans of the musical acts and those who think everything Chappelle does is genius.
FAIR There's an intimate, just-throwing-a-party feel to the whole bash, thanks to Chappelle's pretension-puncturing humor and the sense that, whatever their issues or accomplishments, the artists are there mainly to share some love with their fans.
FAIR By cutting away from the music just as things start cooking, what could have been a great rockumentary becomes too much of a Chappelle celebration.
FAIR Two years after going AWOL from his hit Comedy Central show, Dave Chappelle makes a tentative foray back into the limelight with a good old-fashioned concert film that, surprisingly, features very little of Chappelle himself.
BAD Incessantly shrieky ...
BAD [A] full-throttle assault on reason, taste and human dignity ...
BAD Noisy claptrap devoid of all that is good about cinema.
BAD A limp sequel seemingly devoid of any wit or invention.
BAD Not surprisingly, gags about gambling and strippers ensue. Also not surprisingly, the lightweight laughs dissolve into eye-rolling melodrama.
BAD Ultimately, despite a handful of fairly amusing moments, this is a disappointing comedy, suffering from a surfeit of characters. Still, at least it's mercifully shorter than the first movie.
FAIR The sequel to Steve Harvey's hit takes us to Las Vegas, with hilarious, yet predictable and overdone scenarios.
FAIR Fans will enjoy slightly less funny, still risque sequel.
BAD As it stands, the flick is too good-natured and too clean to offer audiences anything more than a mild afternoon distraction.
GOOD A pleasant, if predictable, diversion peppered with incessant chatter on the part of the irrepressible Kevin Hart.
BAD What attracted audiences to seeing a film about couples and their relationships with the first film may want to avoid a sequel that has less humor, romance and any substance.
BAD The raucous highlight: a lip-sync video for Bell Biv Devoe's "Poison" performed by the women. It drops down into the middle of the film like a grenade that explodes too soon, and it makes everything that comes after... seem like rote tidying up.
BAD An amusing matinee or rental at best, Think Like a Man Too rests on its laurels - and, as a result, pales in comparison to its much funnier predecessor.
BAD You want eye-rolling moments? This movie will detach your corneas.
FAIR It has some very funny moments, and a few touching ones as well. Sure, it gets corny at times, but overall, it's a very entertaining movie that can appeal to a broad audience.
BAD Tish's original plan to stay in her hotel room and watch TV alone with a glass of wine isn't the worst idea I've heard.
BAD Kevin Hart's Cedric steamrolls over everyone else with his motor-mouth tirades and physical antics. He's Roger Rabbit unleashed on the set of Dr. Phil.
FAIR Staggering in its efficiency, admirable in its insistence that the women deserve as much screen time as the men, and awe-inspiring as a vehicle of romantic and even career reassurance for moviegoers...
BAD The directionless script wanders all over the Vegas strip without ever establishing stakes worth caring about.
BAD Trots out standard romantic-comedy characters and situations.
FAIR Freed from its ties to the source material - the first film was inspired by a Steve Harvey self-help book - Think Like a Man Too borrows liberally but in a definite PG-13 fashion from The Hangover, hitting on every required Vegas touchstone.
BAD Hart's shtick - he talks smack, his challenger reacts, he tries to hide - is already beginning to show signs of almost being tired, or at least in need of a change-up.
FAIR ...lazy and uninspired and, worst of all, displays a certain contempt for [the] audience
FAIR To the cast's credit, the film is still a lot of fun, even if it's lacking much of the depth that made the original such a hit.
BAD Think Like a Man Too, a sequel that, if we were to use a relationship metaphor, is like a really bad rebound date.
BAD Not even the tightly wound energy of Kevin Hart can help it from feeling half-baked, through and through. This isn't a movie so much as it is a studio cash-grab.
BAD Kevin Hart screams a lot.
BAD It's intermittently fun, and funny, but after a while it's just so much swinging back and forth. We get it. You're up. You're down. You're back up again.
BAD Everything about this film smacks of laziness.
BAD Been there. Done that.
BAD This is the sort of film that only makes sense as a rental - with, perhaps, a couple of friends, and a very generously mixed pitcher of margaritas.
BAD [T]he sequel isn't an advertisement. This is a legitimate movie; it is also a legitimately bad one.
BAD It's tamer than you would expect - and hope.
BAD That this retrograde "straight talk" somehow managed to emerge on screen as a reasonably genial ensemble comedy speaks to the strength of its performers.
FAIR "Think Like a Man Too" ultimately rests on the charm of its cast, an appealing mix of 30- and 40-somethings. Had this been a batch of 20-year-olds, the movie might have come across more crass, more frat party.
FAIR Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
FAIR This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
BAD Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
FAIR In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change. And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't come straight from the "arthouse" stable.
FAIR The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
GOOD Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
GOOD Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
FAIR Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans. OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
BAD Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed. OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
BAD A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't really go anywhere.
GOOD ...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
FAIR Dujardin mantem um bom equilibrio no tom que confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transforma-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 e minimamente competente.
GOOD The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
FAIR The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre. Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not too far, but toward the loony.
FAIR While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly. But the film never settles into a groove that feels comfortably paced.
BAD French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
FAIR There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
FAIR This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not entirely accurate. This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
BAD This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
FAIR A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
GOOD Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
FAIR [Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
FAIR Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
FAIR Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
FAIR Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though. He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
FAIR Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck. And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
BAD The film is a collection of not especially funny routines - with lots of homophobic jokes thrown in - that have been done to death in previous movies of this sort.
GOOD A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
BAD The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
GOOD Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
BAD [Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
FAIR As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
BAD Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never feel fresh, even when they're actually saying funny things.
FAIR If this film poses any questions that aren't simply redundant at this point, it's the film's frank look at age and the abrasive acknowledgement of time...
BAD It is harmless and there are a still a few chuckles to be found in this light, bubbly confection of a film - perfect for lazy Sunday afternoon viewing.
BAD There is way too much going on. Parallel stories for all of these characters mean most all of them aren't fully developed.
FAIR The elder actors are, of course, perfect. They never overplay the comedy or the drama, and this reserve works in counterpoint to Dev Patel's high-energy patter.
FAIR Satisfyingly soapy sequel, culminating in a gloriously pseudo-Bollywood dance spectacle....
FAIR Mostly it's a chance to hear some saucy senior citizens trade barbs, with the delightful dames, Dench and Smith, making the most of it.
GOOD ...a sweet and often funny movie populated by likable actors who know their business.
GOOD Not up to the original and probably doesn't need to exist at all, but this follow-up is certainly a fine way to spend a couple of hours with our old friends from the first movie.
FAIR Shows little strain in maintaining its cute factor, thanks to the drily winning personalities of the likes of Smith, Dench, Nighy, and the comic ebullience of Patel.
BAD ...the ugly attitude within The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is well-deserving of some humbling, especially as it strives to put people in their place, and not in a guest management way.
BAD The new film affirms the idea that the hotel is a sort of pre-heaven heaven, an autumnal "opportunity for life and for passing on the value of that life to others."
FAIR A pleasant, if predictable, romantic romp laced with far more mirth than sophistication or substance.
GOOD Often motivated by financial greed, many sequels satiate businesspeople while disappointing moviegoers. But "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" manages to buck the often-botched sequel trend with yet another naturally charming film.
BAD The filmmakers can't be faulted for a sequel, but they can be blamed for saddling their stunning cast with this half-baked, 80's sitcom-level, shell of a script. No one will be visiting The Third Best Exotic Marigold Hotel without some real renovations.
BAD Crass, strident and over-done, second-rate second best.
FAIR As far as sequels go this second-go-round for what sounded like a one-shot deal is actually a nice step up from the delights of the first film.
FAIR Despite good stuff, the movie sputters, drags, and lurches from episode to episode, juggling way too many characters and plot complications without having much reason for existing.
FAIR The film bests its predecessor, although, to be sure, the difference is slender.
BAD Definitely second best, and not in a good way.
BAD There's a sweetness to the proceedings that never quite overpowers the melancholy of maturity, and a sympathy for human frailty that stops just short of suggesting that anything goes once everything starts to go.
BAD The most unnecessary sequel since COCOON:THE RETURN.
FAIR Sure, it has the comfy vibe of the familiar, but it's all in feel-good fun.
FAIR The actors are again terrific, but the syrup and superficiality of the first film, too, are back in this unnecessary sequel.
GOOD As in the first film, when the going gets a little too soapy or overly maudlin, the cast of mostly old pros elevate the material with the sheer force of their collective skill.
BAD The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel caters to those who enjoyed the first film, but has otherwise completely lost what made the original film somewhat special. The humor is so unfunny that you'll be clawing your eyes out in frustration.
FAIR A bit like a second linty mint delivered from the depths of your grandmom's cardigan pocket: sweet but, really, no need.
FAIR Great cast, but sequel doesn't match original's charm.
FAIR The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is exactly that - second best.
GOOD Anyone who liked the first won't be disappointed with the sequel. Added to the story and the fine acting is the eye-popping color that is so typical of Bollywood...closing with a wonderful dance involving the entire cast.
FAIR When it does what it does well, it does it really well, and once again, it has a dreamy ensemble that has the ability to rise above the material itself.
FAIR With the cast of personalities established in the previous film, the sequel is a pleasant enough meander through the boroughs of character.
BAD The same problems as the first film also re-occur, and this time they're a bit more glaring.
FAIR Kudos to John Madden for doing a sequel that isn't worn out super heroes or so-so sci-fi. The movie works but is still the second best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
GOOD Silly, but lots of fun for older teens.
FAIR The film is as clever as it is silly, more warmhearted than sentimental and just as irreverent as it is nostalgic.
GOOD Cartoonish but clever, with the bulk of the fun coming when Wilson's wry wit meets Stiller's impatient officiousness head-on. Sophomoric, yet probably the best of the recent TV retreads.
GOOD Not exactly politically correct, but you'd be hard pushed to find a single mean frame.
FAIR Todd Phillips strikes nostalgic gold, squeezing just enough comedy out of the buddy cop formula to keep it afloat during its brisk 95-minute runtime.
BAD Had the script actually had a direction it would've helped.
FAIR A pleasant diversion that vanishes from your mind right after you watch it.
BAD Though the gags aren't always funny, I usually had a smile on my face.
BAD People were laughing at my screening, but I couldn't understand what it was they were laughing at.
FAIR A humorous but ultimately unsatisfying comedy.
BAD This movie doesn't even deserve to stand next to the crummiest of Starsky and Hutch TV episodes.
FAIR ...inoffensive, sometimes charming, and often irritatingly dull. Its satirical jabs are aimed at easy targets, its jokes repetitious or redundant, its pacing a little slow.
GOOD Stiller e Wilson certamente ja provaram ser capazes de originarem uma franquia baseada nao em personagens, mas em suas proprias personalidades.
FAIR If you like Stiller and Wilson, you'll find enough to like about this film. If you don't, you can always just gawk at that awesome car.
GOOD If you never saw the TV show, you'll still laugh.
FAIR The film takes a bad but beloved 1970s TV series and transforms it into an experience of almost transcendent silliness.
BAD Would the producers please just get out of the way and let Todd Phillips direct the darn movie?
FAIR ...the movie doesn't take any of its material seriously-a big plus-and the alertness of the characters usually results in some scenes of hilarious comic value...
BAD Any resemblance between the original -- and fun! -- 1970's TV series and this in-name-only Todd Phillips's dud is entirely accidental.
GOOD If you're a fan from back in the day, seeing that Red and White-striped Gran Torino in action once again will have you leaving the theater with a grin on your face.
FAIR Big on potential, short on really big laughs, it's a buddy cop comedy which coasts on the charisma and chemistry of its stars.
GOOD Stiller and Wilson are perfectly cast and work beautifully together...
FAIR Many of the gags here are hit or miss, but Wilson and Stiller's unflappable charm and the obvious fun they're having translates into precious little witlessness.
FAIR Starsky and Hutch" did what it set out to do - make me laugh.
FAIR Something we seldom expect (or get) in the creatively bankrupt trend of adapting moldy old TV shows for the big screen: funny.
FAIR This is a gentle nod to the television series.
FAIR Phillips pushes for laughs more than the show did, but still manages a weird mix of comedy, serious crime fighting and irony inside the scariest fashion decade of all time.
FAIR There is a comic-book devouring, Playboy-stashing adolescent male heart thumping rather sweetly at the core of this homage-spoof.
FAIR Le film offre de nombreux moments amusants.
BAD "The movie's chronically flaccid humor is exceedingly tame and pointedly inoffensive."
BAD Tasteless, forced comedy just about killed the Zorro franchise for many years.
GOOD Very funny spoof with its heart in just the right place.
FAIR This comedy succeeds as a crude, inventive and humours look at a dumb despot.
BAD Consistently offensive, and not in a way that should automatically be dismissed as 'edgy' or 'provocative'.
BAD By now, what looked like good dirty fun, a funhouse mirror pointed at America, has calcified into easy shtick.
FAIR A sly/insightful portrait that the comedian has already painted, and re-painted, and painted again. How many examples of the same idea can he successfully convey on film?
FAIR While The Dictator may appear different than Borat and Bruno, it is very much the same idea as both films, packed with the same jokes and new ones that are more disturbing than they are hilarious.
FAIR It doesn't have much to say about the character Cohen portrays or about how the world perceives that stereotype, which results in a paper thin but generally amusing little farce.
BAD A few laughs here and there at the expense of offensive stereotypes, The Dictator mostly repeats jokes we've seen in other, better Sacha Baron Cohen films.
BAD This is Cohen in a lightweight mood, taking very few chances, instead relying on only mildly irreverant humor.
FAIR While [Sacha Baron Cohen's] latest, ultra-hyped effort The Dictator has its fair share of disgusting, gross-out moments, perhaps the biggest shock is that it actually has a decent story and engaging characters.
BAD A missed opportunity of global proportions.
FAIR What's shocking is the movie's finale, in which Baron Cohen -- as usual, fully committed to his character -- delivers a diatribe that's a satirical version of Charlie Chaplin's famous speech in The Great Dictator.
FAIR It doesn't expose stupidity. That's what Cohen has done absolutely wonderfully in the past with his other characters. Now he's just acting stupid, with only some funny results.
FAIR By this time, even Eve Ensler probably would support a movie and TV comedy moratorium on the use of the word 'vagina.'
BAD Both the laughter and the satire had crawled off and quietly died.
BAD The biggest problem with the movie is that it has all these crazy dictator jokes, which are funny but when it tries to be a movie, it fails miserably. You don't buy any of it.
BAD the movie feels lazy and middlebrow, without even the mockumentary format of Borat to disguise things.
BAD As a supporting actor Cohen is okay, but as the star of his vanity projects he is excruciating
BAD Where most of Cohen's films exploit non-actors falling for his ruse, this dictator has been banished to one of those (regrettable and forgettable) SNL movies...
BAD The whole love story shackles the movie, forcing it to ultimately and ruinously fit into the strict confines of the rom-com genre, whereas Cohen has always been at his best, like any rubber chicken, when allowed to be free range.
FAIR Baron Cohen is as always never less than fully immersed into his character, and Aladeen's antics are often quite hilarious, most brashly and crudely so.
BAD You would strain to identify The Dictator as a clever movie. But it doesn't quite work as a big dumb movie either.
FAIR All of the best jokes were given away in the trailer.
FAIR Cohen has added something to the picture that prevents it from completely succeeding: a plot.
BAD It's funny enough, even hilarious at times, but is it really being incisive and intelligently manipulative, or is it just ignorant, offensive drivel? I can't tell.
GOOD The Dictator is not laugh loud, snarfing, hurt you kind of funny, but it has moments where you'll do a snort or two.
BAD Dumb and infantile, proving that even the most audacious, belligerent vulgarities get boring when you repeat them often enough.
FAIR It really, really feels like the movie ought to be funnier than it is.
FAIR A funny movie from a funny man.
FAIR There are plenty of great jokes in here, mostly because of Cohen's complete lack of fear about inciting the anger of the entire world.
BAD Are you ready for some leftover, room temperature Sacha Baron Cohen?
FAIR It's too bad that Baron Cohen and his regular director, Larry Charles, settled for simply rehashing Borat Sagdiyev.
BAD Absolutely pointless sequel without an ounce of creativity.
BAD Another unnecessary sequel; not up to the original.
BAD Paint-by-numbers sequel that will bore even fans of the original.
GOOD The first 45 minutes are amusing enough, but the movie ascends to another level with the second-half introduction of Fred Willard as commentator Buck Laughlin.
FAIR Hilarious and offbeat, but humor is pretty grownup.
GOOD The real pedigree doesn't even arrive until halfway through. Fred Willard's unforgettable dim-bulb commentator takes aim at TV's injection of "sports drama" into competitions where, quite simply, there is none. (Here's looking at you, Joe Garagiola.)
FAIR This fringe milieu is inhabited with all sorts of eccentric characters to wring laughs from.
FAIR Guest e sua trupe sempre conseguem divertir com seus mockumentaries, mas este longa, ainda que pontualmente brilhante, encontra-se entre os mais frageis da filmografia atipica do cineasta.
GOOD The movie gets its laughs by letting its people talk and reveal themselves unconsciously.
FAIR Call it a mockumentary or a dogumentary, Christopher Guest's latest spoof is a very funny, improvised comedy about the world of dog shows.
BAD Doesn't live up to its pedigree.
GOOD Guest shot nearly 60 hours of footage for Best In Show and the results are so good that they'll leave you starving for the scraps from the cutting room floor.
GOOD It's ... a great movie.
FAIR Willard's delivery is so earnest and so pitch-perfect that he had me howling with laughter for the entire last half of the movie.
GOOD Dog Freaks: The Movie!
FAIR Best in Show is enjoyable and funny, light and quick.
GOOD It isn't so much about dogs and dog shows as it is a satire on middle-American values... Whatever it is, it's funny.
FAIR It's a funny movie, but my enjoyment of it has been tempered by the realization that it could have been more.
GOOD Best in Show is essentially a well-organized, exquisitely nuanced skit comedy.
FAIR This is one rare occasion when we can be glad that the film industry is going to the dogs.
GOOD A wickedly funny mocumentary.
FAIR Fans of offbeat humor will get a big kick out of this follow-up to Waiting for Guffman, but there will be more appreciative, 'Oh, that's funny!' comments than outright laughs.
GOOD Put Christopher Guest right on top of the list of They Who Can Do No Wrong.
FAIR Laughs abound as Guest and co-writer Levy create one comic situation after another. Yet, they also generate suspense as we wait to see who'll take home the blue ribbon.
GOOD Christopher Guest and his well-groomed entourage of improv artists push pseudo dog show mentality to the upper limits of droll wit in Best in Show.
FAIR You come away wishing that Guest could deliver a new mockumentary not every so often but every year.
GOOD This giggle does for dog shows what ... Rob Reiner's This Is Spinal Tap did for heavy metal.
FAIR Sure, Best in Show seemed to fly by too fast (it felt a lot shorter than 90 minutes), but maybe that's just because the pace is quick and lively.
GOOD Best in Show has easily gained a spot on my top ten list this year.
GOOD There's trendy funny and there's enduring funny. Christopher Guest has always steered away from the easy laughs and obvious parodies and delivered comedies that last.
FAIR Easy-to-take effort that primarily benefits from a charming performance by Elisabeth Shue.
FAIR Like "Home Alone," "Adventures in Babysitting" is a lightweight comic adventure, but it's effective in what it sets out to do . . . and that's entertain.
FAIR Seemed fun at the time, in '87, but dates badly. Still, kids might like it.
FAIR A comedy classic unlikely to ever age
GOOD Surprisingly sprightly, entertaining, sweet-natured comedy.
GOOD Surprisingly sweet and funny!
BAD Fun for kids, maybe. Sheer drudgery for anyone beyond a Jr. High School reading comprehension level.
FAIR Aw, c'mon, who can't like a movie that has The Mighty Thor as a major component?
GOOD So much fun it might make babysitting a real career choice.
FAIR A fluffy but extremely lovable teen fantasy that folks of a certain age will remember with great fondness.
FAIR "After Hours" - lite ... and it works!
FAIR By the end of the film, I'd had a couple of real laughs and a few interesting moments, but that was about all.
FAIR This is really just innocent material with a tendency to flout basic guidelines and stray from the perimeters of believability.
GOOD Unflinchingly honest and confidently challenging, this is an all around incredible film.
FAIR Don't cry for the movie star, even if they don't have the glamorous life you imagine
BAD Even so-called "slow cinema" shouldn't be this dull.
FAIR In "Somewhere," what ends up happening is that the main character's lack of interest becomes the audience's burden.
BAD This is a film about vacuousness that's without much substance itself.
GOOD A poor little princess' plaint about the burdens of being special.
FAIR [Coppola] examines boredom, privilege, torpor, laziness and adolescent daydreams with a kind of molasses slowness that no one else can touch. That's good because no other American filmmaker is really trying to touch it anyway.
FAIR The question is 'why should we care?' Yes Johnny's problems are real, but they're not going to mean much to anyone else. And when you've got a character and story that are true but unrelatable, all the craft in the world isn't going to help.
BAD En principio atractiva e interesante, finalmente resulta previsible y carente de emocion, y perdiendo ante la inevitable comparacion con Perdidos en Tokio (la mejor pelicula de Sofia Coppola hasta la fecha, con la que tiene demasiadas cosas en comun).
FAIR Whether or not the journey from nowhere to the possibility of somewhere is worth taking is going to vary wildly from viewer to viewer.
FAIR A thoughtful and interesting deconstruction and demythologizing of American celebrity
GOOD Like Coppola's previous films, 'Somewhere' examines the isolation (and cultural dislocation) of privileged public people -- people enclosed within the exposing fishbowl of celebrity and the protective bubble of entitlement.
BAD A superficial movie about beautiful people, when it needed to be a beautiful film about superficial people. Lacks the magic of Coppola's best movies.
FAIR Somewhere begins with a fancy sports car driving in circles out in the desert. It's a great-looking machine, but it isn't taking us anywhere. It's a metaphor for the entire movie.
FAIR Coppola packs meaning into small actions or seemingly benign scenes that in any other film would immediately hit the cutting room floor
BAD In Somewhere Sofia Coppola meanders into the territory of Michelangelo Antonioni, the Italian director who made ennui into art. She makes ennui into ennui.
FAIR Just an expensive-looking sports car driving in circles and going nowhere fast.
GOOD The best movie directors aren't just masters of technical craft: They also are artists capable of showing you the world through their eyes -- of making you see and feel exactly what they do.
BAD Sofia Coppola's 2003 Lost in Translation was such an unblinking masterpiece -- one of the two or three best films of its entire decade -- that it's a shock to witness the near-worthlessness of Somewhere.
BAD Fame is a vampire: We've heard it before. We don't need to hear it again.
FAIR It's well shot, and Dorff is good enough to make me hope he starts popping up in higher profile fare again.
GOOD If you have the patience to give yourself over to the measured pace of this film ... it delivers with an impact far beyond what a conventional treatment of the same material could hope to achieve.
GOOD "Somewhere" is a distinctly European exercise in observational nuance and tonal restraint in which Coppola stretches static images to the breaking point.
BAD Coppola Gets Too Close by Making a Vapid Picture of Fatherhood That's Too Shallow for any Deep Moments.
FAIR Ultimately, Somewhere may be too static, too minimalist a tale. But there's grace here, in its aching assessment of loneliness, in its examination of connections and family...
FAIR The writer-director of "Lost in Translation" and "Marie Antoinette" has made the malaise of the privileged her special turf. Ennui is her milieu. And Coppola has a talent for revealing its existential and cultural dimensions.
FAIR Throughout, Dorff is doggedly credible as an obtuse actor, but the richer performance here is from Fanning, and it might have been a stronger movie told from her character's point of view.
FAIR Good thing note-perfect performances from all involved tend to offset those negative aspects.
BAD To comment upon meaninglessness by creating something entirely meaningless yourself is hardly a way to make your point - let alone get people into the theater.
FAIR Coppola's film is composed of many long, stationary shots in which so little is happening it's as if she's encouraging us to look closer for meaning.
FAIR There's something mesmerizing and special about "Somewhere," for those willing to wait and let the movie cast its spell.
BAD Another "woe is me, I'm famous" wallow.
FAIR It's the singular achievement of Sofia Coppola's affecting new film that she manages to make us care for a dissolute movie star, his angry ex-wife and their indulged daughter.
GOOD It's the kind of thing some people will appreciate and embrace, while others will flee in a fit of frustrated boredom. My advice: Stick around.
GOOD The Python team's surreal take on the legend of Camelot bursts with inspired lunacy.
GOOD This remains a wonderfully inventive comedy that brilliantly debunks the Dark Ages and legends of chivalry.
GOOD Monty Python and the Holy Grail may be 26 years old, but even in the fast-moving world of pop culture, it's no relic. It's still the Holy Grail of crazy comedy.
FAIR There's a semblance of a plot, but this is really just an excuse for the boys to engage in their unique brand of humor, which includes mimicry, dress-up, dry wit, slapstick and glorious non sequitors.
GOOD If you like this film, the sad truth is that it's yet another visual upgrade, and it does contain what Gilliam called "the only reason for buying the Blu-ray"-those lost animations.
GOOD A comedy classic that only misses out on the Python canon's top spot because the talented swines also made Life Of Brian.
GOOD There's something about feature films that brings out the best in the Pythons. The occasional indulgence of the TV series is replaced by a more focused approach which wrings every conceivable joke out of a given subject.
GOOD A zany, hysterically funny, and sometimes brilliant if sometimes sophomoric send-up of every medieval movie ever made.
GOOD This has to be one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
GOOD A wonderful charm filters through these almost collegiate efforts, as if these underfunded Brits, in doing their best, did it better.
GOOD It's still one of the funniest, silliest and all-out strangest films you'll ever see. Now go away, or I shall taunt you a second time.
GOOD Uma comedia repleta de momentos classicos do genero - e este longa-metragem foi apenas o primeiro do inesquecivel Monty Python.
GOOD The inspired lunacy of a medieval crusade gone hilariously awry... that is the magic of Monty Python.
GOOD Monty Python doesn't get better than this!
GOOD Perhaps the most original comedy - or at least the most ridiculously funny historically semi-accurate comedy spoof - of all time
GOOD Monty Python at their most successful. It improves with age.
GOOD Great Python movie. Almost every bit works.
GOOD Funniest movie ever.
GOOD The silliest movie ever made.
GOOD The Python troupe at their most witty and imaginative.
GOOD Monty Python and the Holy Grail will amuse and amaze.
GOOD Overall, this is a silly romp through some of the best legends medieval Britain has to offer, intercut with some fabulously surreal animation.
GOOD If you think this movie is unfunny, death awaits you all with nasty, big, pointy teeth!
FAIR While it has its moments of classic hilarity, they aren't enough to encourage me to swap Python quotes over email during afternoon office boredom.
GOOD The film itself is of course genius; wonderfully funny; a classic. The new Special Edition DVD is a Pythonite's fondest wish.
FAIR Still plenty of fun.
FAIR Crammed with acres of quotable dialogue, the film plows along from one inspired bit to the next.
GOOD Has been so quoted and requoted that the scenes and words feel tattooed onto the psychic membrane.
GOOD Witty, wise, and idealized political romance.
FAIR as the 1995 film veers away from the romance, into definable (and dated) political issues, it loses some of its magic.
BAD A potentially good adult romance is undone by a preachy left-wing agenda.
GOOD Sorkin starts his West Wing warm-up with a winning political rom-com.
GOOD Glorious romantic comedy.
FAIR Predictable and PC, but fun.
FAIR Good romantic comedy. Some funny irreverence about the White House, and a well-meaning political message.
GOOD The casting is inspired, with uniformly crisp performances all around.
FAIR With great looks, a dandy supporting cast, a zinger-filled screenplay by Aaron Sorkin and Mr. Douglas twinkling merrily in the Oval Office, The American President is sunny enough to make the real Presidency pale by comparison.
FAIR So-so fantasy about what a more courageous Bill Clinton might have been like.
GOOD Leve, divertido e gratificante.
FAIR The American President is a bright, witty romantic comedy with really good dialogue, but at the same time it is a statement about politics, and about politicians, some who are idealists and some who are opportunists.
FAIR Neither bad nor unwatchable, The American President is nevertheless the second straight disappointment from director Rob Reiner.
FAIR Rob Reiner seems to have found his calling.
FAIR Michael Douglas is plausible as president, and he delivers yet another solid, if unmemorable performance.
GOOD Great entertainment.
FAIR Charming but flawed leftist romantic comedy.
FAIR 'Capraesque' has inevitably been affixed to The American President, but that phrase, with its implications of facile hokum, doesn't do the film justice.
GOOD Director Rob Reiner strikes a good balance between drama and old-fashioned love with Douglas and Bening suitably understated in their roles.
FAIR A super cast injects it with Teddy Roosevelt vitality.
FAIR Apart from its too-obvious political bias, The American President has romance in its heart, smarts in abundance and class to spare.
FAIR Douglas and Bening are both wonderful.
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't always a good idea. Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't even try to make itself memorable. It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees. There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who have to sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't end up hating it as much as I thought I was going to during the first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never discovers new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre. But for The Weinsteins in animation? That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
BAD This clumsy combo of cloying family drama and fantasy-enhanced courtside clowning is designed to draw tears and cheers. But jeers are more likely ...
GOOD Delightful comedy, older teens and parents only.
FAIR Vintage Nicholson and Keaton, like fine wines, improve with age.
BAD Something's Gotta Give is an entertaining romp with two fantastic actors, but a lack of concern for its story is ultimately the film's death.
GOOD Keaton has been handed the role of a lifetime, a Ferrari among Edsels, and she floors that baby from start to finish.
GOOD Something's Gotta Give is a delightful romance movie, but most likely will be categorized as a "Chick Flick".
BAD This ugly, repugnant ending, which I won't describe but you can surely guess before you buy a ticket, had me feeling like I'd wasted ninety minutes of my human existence.
FAIR 'Tierna, romantica, encantadora y con un elenco de alto calibre, es una de esas cintas que nos recuerdan que el amor no tiene edad. Una verdadera delicia'
BAD As monotonous and predictable as a pacemaker.
FAIR Although it uses a debate-friendly topic as its narrative fulcrum, it's really just a simple romance that delivers the same ol' message about love loosening people up.
GOOD The moments between the characters are absolutely full. It's a pleasure to watch such consummate professionals.
FAIR Despite the flawed premise and sitcomish plot, this film has an undeniable charm.
FAIR a lively romantic comedy that is sometimes clever, often hilarious, but overlong
BAD Esperemos que seu sucesso nas bilheterias abra as portas para novos projetos protagonizados por atores veteranos. Quem sabe o filme nao se redime desta maneira?
FAIR The first half of the film is charming, the second half a bit tedious. There is not much screen chemistry between Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton.
BAD It's the "Odd Couple" turned even.
FAIR A surprisingly good comedy that managed to exceed expectations basically because of the strong performances of Nicholson and Keaton.
BAD This superficial romantic comedy wastes Keaton's blossoming performance (which Nicholson often steps on anyway).
FAIR God bless her for reminding Hollywood a woman over 50 is still beautiful.
GOOD It's "The Jack Who Came to Dinner."
BAD ...not nearly as fun and breezy as it should be, as it's weighed down by a terminally slow pace and overlong running time...
BAD Here's a cynical new subgenre in the ongoing race to the nadir of chick-flick patronization: the December-December romance.
GOOD [Keaton and Nicholson] are a throwback to the great romantic comedy couples of Hollywood's golden past as well as an example for the younger generation.
FAIR Jack gets away with playing Jack ... because who else does it better? But it's Keaton who keeps their chemistry firing on all cylinders.
FAIR For the film's first hour, Meyers' dialogue sparkles.
FAIR A resplendent love story soiled by an ending that hangs from the rest of the picture as awkwardly as a Florida chad.
FAIR It's just not the movie it ought to have been -- and that, for a while, it seemed like it would turn out to be
FAIR I have loved Jack and Diane in so many things I've seen them in, I hate to admit I don't love them in this.
FAIR Wallows in self-referential smugness, deliriously amused with its own cleverness.
BAD That old familiar stink is just what Dr. Keanu ordered.
FAIR Any hints at sophistication -- and there are many -- are constantly undermined by smarminess and cornball predictability.
BAD Something's Gotta Give represents the worst -and most typical - in Music Title Romantic Comedies.
FAIR The film works because at its simple core it is a heartfelt valentine to Diane Keaton...
FAIR I went from thinking "This movie is great!" to thinking "This movie sucks!"
FAIR Something's Gotta Give is witty, smart, and charismatically electric-three vital elements rare to find in most of today's romantic comedies.
FAIR ...sweet and charming, succeeding as a genuine gathering of friends.
FAIR Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
BAD I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
BAD It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
BAD Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptacao pavorosa por mancharem o nome da familia ao inclui-lo nos creditos iniciais.
BAD ...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
BAD ...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
BAD Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
BAD Everything about this production seems tired.
BAD True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
FAIR Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
FAIR All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't recommend it. But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
BAD The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
FAIR Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never runs out of gas.
FAIR You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
FAIR The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
FAIR ...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
BAD Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
BAD [a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare. It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't have the intended impact of a Jackie Chan animated chop to the head.
FAIR Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
FAIR It's not as classic as the novel.
FAIR This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
BAD This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
BAD Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
BAD A colorful disappointment.
BAD Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
BAD If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
FAIR A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
BAD ...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
BAD Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
BAD ...conviendra peut-etre aux tres jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
BAD Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
FAIR It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
FAIR Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
GOOD Wonderful book adaptation with strong female character.
FAIR Mansfield Park works because it not only comes from the novel...but also from Austen's letters and journals.
GOOD ...busy nothings add up to motion picture somethings in one of the year's most charming films.
FAIR Despite such occasional flaws...Mansfield Park is a welcome treat for Austen addicts.
FAIR This is perhaps not Jane Austen's Mansfield Park, but Jane Austen would have probably recognized most of it and would have been amused by the rest.
FAIR In this provocative, revisionist adaptation of Jane Austen's third novel, Canadian writer-director Patricia Rozema gives her 19th century heroine, Fanny Price, much of Austen's own confidant, creative personality.
GOOD This incarnation of Fanny may not have been what Austen had in mind, but she surely would have approved, for the injection of attitude and smarts makes Mansfield Park a much more wicked and irresistible social satire...
GOOD With its gorgeous cinematography...lovely muted score, and sure-footed performances, especially by Frances O'Connor, Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park sets a new standard for adaptations of Jane Austen's work.
FAIR Rozema's dry wit, effervescent dialogue and contemporary reinterpretations are often a refreshing change from the swoony, soft-peddling style of other Austen adaptations.
FAIR Though it's never dull, this Mansfield Park has too much of its own agenda and too little of Austen's to completely succeed.
BAD Mansfield Park...is a confusing jumble of historical drama and modern social essay that only serves to cloud the whole field of Jane Austen studies.
BAD Even if you have never read Austen, you will sense that something is wrong here long before a nude scene that would have made the author hide under a table.
BAD The snappy banter has lost its bite.
GOOD [Mansfield Park] is a smart hybrid: part novel adaptation, part biography. It's now a period saga overlaid with a modern sensibility.
FAIR A pleasant little diversion.
GOOD Bodices may not be ripped, but they are certainly loosened in this very liberal adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD A witty, entertaining film.
FAIR A fine addition to the filmed Austen canon.
FAIR Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park continues Jane Austen's winning streak on film.
FAIR Mansfield Park is a generally light and funny film which invites us to watch Fanny handle the coldness and pressure of her priggish relatives, and not only survive, but somehow prevail.
FAIR Austen purists may gag, but director Patricia Rozema has managed to crack Mansfield Park, transforming Jane Austen's problematic novel into an engaging bit of entertainment.
BAD A mediocre modern high seas pirate tale.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't do justice to the fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend. Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot. Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . . ' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't need cheap tricks. First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
BAD Madonna's acting performance is not more or less than average.
BAD Its creaky, all-consuming insistence on its characters' normalcy entombs everything interesting about them in contrived schlock and transparent gloss-over techniques.
BAD Two movies in one, and there's not enough breathing room for both of them.
BAD A depressing, lugubrious film experience.
BAD Best friends may make the best mistakes, but Madonna makes the absolute worst, at least in terms of her film career.
BAD Any room in that freezer for this inadequate, inauthentic, indigestible film?
FAIR Its greatest liability, unfortunately, is Madonna.
BAD There hasn't been a Hollywood 'message' movie as smug or cheesy as The Next Best Thing in quite a while.
BAD Madonna never emerges as a plausible human being in the movie; she's more like a spokeswoman for a video on alternative parenting lifestyles.
BAD The moment the movie loses its lighthearted spirit is the moment it loses touch with reality.
FAIR A comedy that salutes friendship as a resilient and abiding bond that can carry people over troubled waters.
FAIR It's a failure, but a well-done failure, and those are sometimes worth watching.
GOOD Its performances are appealing, and its heart's in the right place.
FAIR Credible and compelling acting.
GOOD Thoroughly enjoyable!
FAIR Buena muestra de que para ser un verdadero padre hace falta mucho mas que una mera preferencia sexual
GOOD A well-executed character study populated with substantial characters, excellent performances, and an understanding of tragic human nature.
FAIR When a group of actors this gifted and lively tries so good-naturedly to deliver such an obvious message, the audience is left in the position of trying to stop a tidal wave. You may hate yourself for responding, but you're smothered before you know it.
FAIR It's a nice, pleasant celebration of friendship, but without much meat to chew on.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is gosh-darned lovable, even if it does get downright sugary at times.
FAIR Directed and co-written by first-timer Jon Avnet, the episodic production manages to capture the fried-tomato flavor of the deep South without becoming too pushy or patronizing about it.
GOOD Essentially a story about friendship between two pairs of women, then and now, it could be classified as an intelligent woman's picture, but this truly uplifting and gratifying movie can and should be enjoyed by all.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is a case of a film acted with such skill and conviction that glaring problems of narrative, pace and structure seem like minor slips.
BAD The movie never quite shakes its stiff, studied feel, just as the town of Whistle Stop never stops seeming the quaint creation of an art director.
GOOD Fried Green Tomatoes is an engaging if sentimental tale, charmingly handled by producer-turned-director Jon Avnet and flawlessly acted by its four female stars.
GOOD Stirring, sizzling serving of female empowerment.
BAD Please no.
BAD The picture is about gender politics and a legacy of communal repression that is itself too embarrassed to port over a nearly-platonic-anyway love story between two women.
FAIR An enjoyable if sentimental chic flick that sanitizes Flagg's novel in two major respects, glossing over the lesbian relationship between Mary Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson and underplaying the blatant racism in the trail of a black man.
FAIR There's just enough human feeling here to make it transcend the feel--good chick-flick genre.
GOOD Memorable ensemble, dead-on dialogue.
FAIR Bates and Tandy shine in what is essentially an extended flashback with the occasional present day bookends.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is fairly predictable, and the flashback structure is a distraction, but the strength of the performances overcomes the problems of the structure.
FAIR While Fried Green Tomatoes often veers between being too pat and too vague, too obvious and too unclear, too much of the "I laughed, I cried" school of storytelling -- it still has a charm that stems from its vivid and unique characterizations.
GOOD Fried Green Tomatoes is a thoroughly enjoyable movie-going experience, replete with laughter, tears, triumph, and tragedy.
FAIR Akroyd and Basinger give the film an infectious stroke of energy, and by the end we continue to smile even as we are exhausted under the weight of endless nonsense.
BAD Pretty dumb fantasy-sci-fi-comedy directed by Richard Benjamin.
FAIR Not nearly as bad as advertised.
FAIR Harmless.
BAD There were more laughs in "Nine and a Half Weeks"
BAD ...and your movie is a joke.
GOOD Wrenching Holocaust fable with bittersweet humor.
GOOD The film's title, which very well could have been a straightforward declaration prior to the war, becomes a source of twisted irony once we witness Guido pull down the grate outside his humble bookshop and the words JEWISH STORE are seen sprayed across th
FAIR With Life Is Beautiful, the final frontier of schmaltz has been reached.
GOOD Benigni's point, made with tender sensitivity, is that a child's innocence is worth protecting.
GOOD Audiences will be laughing hysterically while crying their eyes out.
BAD I had thought The Other Sister was appalling in its exploitation of the mentally disabled to grab your entertainment dollar, but that was nothing, NOTHING compared to what the funny little Italian man has wrought.
GOOD A dramatic rendition of the fortitude required to reclaim the violated spirit and the imaginary optimism needed to save a dying innocence.
GOOD Inspiring, heartrending, funny, sad, surprising and richly imagined.
BAD How appealing you find it will probably depend on your response to Benigni's screen-hogging routines -- the line between endearing and irksome is a fine one.
FAIR Yes, there are heaps of charm and poignancy in this trifle, but it's a trifle nonetheless -- light-and-bright, for sure, but also slight-and-trite.
FAIR ...silly, to be sure, implausible, sometimes slapstick, often sophomoric; but it is never disrespectful. ...a sweet and moving experience.
FAIR Its sentiment is inescapable, but genuine poignancy and pathos are also present, and an overarching sincerity is visible too.
FAIR Its strained poignancy is as thick -- and sweet -- as honey.
GOOD In the real death camps there would be no role for Guido. But Life Is Beautiful is not about Nazis and Fascists, but about the human spirit.
GOOD This is an excellent movie for families to watch together, to discuss not just the historical framework but challenges that parents face when they see their children learn about tragedy and unfairness.
GOOD Regardless, the film's second half is a tender and tragic treatise on the transcendence of a parent's love, and the power of man-made magic to reconstruct the world.
FAIR [Benigni] somehow succeeds at such a genre-bending convention (or unconvention, if you think about it), finding just the right balance between humor and drama so that the film in no way is condescending to the subject matter.
GOOD dares to laugh in the face of the unthinkable. And because Benigni can be heart-rending without a trace of the maudlin, it works.
FAIR Life is Beautiful has come under attack in some circles for mocking the Holocaust. Nothing could be further from the truth.
BAD Sentimentality is a kind of fascism too, robbing us of judgment and moral acuity, and it needs to be resisted. Life Is Beautiful is a good place to start.
BAD The picture doesn't work, at least not to the extent it was intended to.
GOOD brilliantly spectacles the glorious to nauseating extremes the gift of life affords us ... while encouraging our participation in the former.
FAIR It works so hard at being cute that it forgets to be funny.
GOOD A lasting impression is not made by its laughs or sense of reality, but its huge heart.
GOOD A daring, highly original work.
GOOD I have an incredible difficulty having my words do justice to this film.
GOOD Art-house sentimentalists will likely go for Beautiful in a big way, but even those who aggressively resist manipulation can find a lot to admire.
BAD Mature, uneven prostitution dramedy loses its way.
FAIR A very darkly humorous film.
FAIR Hopelessly uneven yet admittedly entertaining...
FAIR This unromantic comedy is something less than a sure bet. For some reason, you get the impression that it doesn't live up to the promise of its premise.
BAD This vulgar film, replete with vile language and graphic descriptions of sex acts, degrades our culture. Even George Carlin might find it offensive.
BAD Though Finding Amanda's story reaches a reasonably satisfying conclusion, the empty characters at its center make the whole thing feel like a waste.
FAIR Doesn't have a nuance in it, but it's pretty consistently amusing in its latter-day Woody Allen way. For most of the way, its morals are happily, believably wrong, but all bad things must come to an end.
BAD Finding Amanda has some of the good and a lot of the bad aspects of a first film written and directed by the same person.
FAIR Much of Finding Amanda doesn't stand up to close scrutiny, but at its best the still-boyish Broderick suggests his most famous character, Ferris Bueller, going through a midlife crisis.
BAD Tolan writes regularly for smart shows like Rescue Me, but his best instincts deserted him when he set his sights on the big screen for the first time.
BAD Written with more bite, the premise might hold up, but as executed here by Tolan, it is a soft-hearted, haphazard mess.
FAIR Writer-director Peter Tolan has glibness down pat, but can't quite wring the intended pathos from his characters' desperate lives. He does, however, give Broderick his best part since Election.
FAIR Set mostly in Las Vegas, Finding Amanda offers a vision of confused Americans losing their already shaky bearings in the world's gaudiest honky-tonk.
BAD This cloying comedy is barely enlivened by its talented stars who both deserve much better.
GOOD The familiar premise here has sharp fangs, unsparing wit and a knockout performance by Brittany Snow as the round-heeled 20-year-old.
FAIR A peculiar film, which is really two films fighting to occupy the same space.
BAD "Finding Amanda" is little more than what "Hardcore" might have been like if it had been rewritten by the author of a dirty joke book--an idea that, come to think of it, is actually more amusing than anything on display here.
FAIR It can be done -- there are rich, sordid black comedies out there -- but Tolan doesn't quite pull it off.
BAD An uncle watching his niece pick up a john should sting, not feel like we're meant to snicker at the uncomfortable look on Broderick's face.
BAD Finding Amanda, the alternate title of which might well have been "I Oughta Be in Rehab," is an uneasy chronicle of addiction and denial wrapped in the rhythms of Neil Simon.
FAIR The film's tone shifts jarringly from superficial broad comedy to something far darker. And the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold scenario is as old as the profession itself.
FAIR A fun look at Vegas that imbues the seediness of the setting with a sense of innocence and warmth that might take some by surprise.
BAD A clumsy mash of Leaving Las Vegas and Hardcore.
FAIR A breakthrough for Brittany Snow who shows she can do much more than horrible remakes and teen comedies...
BAD ... they should've renamed this one Finding the Right Tone.
FAIR The performances across the board are strong, but it's Murray who's most impressive.
FAIR The potentially sordid FDR-and-Daisy half of the drama is feebly unrewarding, bordering on pointless, and bogged down by ponderous narration.
FAIR An unconventional drama that succeeds despite an uneven plot.
BAD The possibilities are endless, but none of them are explored with any depth herein.
GOOD ...you certainly could do worse than enjoy a fanciful little film about a gentle president, his supposedly homely lover and two twittish English people appalled by hot dogs. I just wish they'd gone ahead and changed the names.
FAIR It's been a long time since Lost in Translation (2003), which is the last time Bill Murray did anything of real note in a film. Here he partially redeems the latter phase of his film career playing pre-war US President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
FAIR A delightful piece of historical speculation grounded in historical details and personal recollections that have continually been coming to light over the last seventy years ... Murray is terrific in the part - charming, at ease and cunning as a fox.
BAD The issue of FDR's fidelity remains a thorny topic for traditionalists and historians, never mind the light, fluffy - and ultimately disposable - version of events.
FAIR Even Murray, who never fails to be the most watchable actor in any film, can't prevent Hyde Park On Hudson from being too insipid.
BAD It's not the strongest premise for a movie, though Hyde Park on Hudson somehow contrives to make it seem rather less than the sum of its parts.
BAD When the central drama concerns whether the Royal Couple will eat hot dogs or not, you can tell it's too slender a premise to hang on a film on.
FAIR FDR's story is strikingly relevant to how Paralympians strive so hard today to correct our perception of 'disability'.
BAD It's icky stuff, not helped by Murray giving perhaps the worst performance of his career. And I include Garfield 2.
BAD Perhaps Hyde Park on Hudson would have been more edifying if it hadn't been released in the wake of The King's Speech.
FAIR Inoffensive and insubstantial.
FAIR It's a bit antimacassar and too reliant on superior production design and a syrupy score. But if you just watch the acting, it's enough.
FAIR The breezy, entertaining tone of this historical comedy-drama kind of undermines the fact that it centres on one of the most pivotal moments in US-British history.
BAD With such a strong cast, Hyde Park on Hudson should have offered so much more.
BAD Despite the best efforts of its talented cast, Hyde Park on Hudson is trivial and novelettish.
BAD The movie insists on an unearned sentimentality and nostalgia about a situation and a period that is never fully evoked or explored.
FAIR The film tinkles on affably, never quite sure of its focus but civilised, gentle, prettily-mannered.
BAD Hyde Park on Hudson has precious little truck with reality, either historical or emotional: it's a thin tale shot with a kind of manic cosiness that belies its slightly creepy plot.
FAIR There's much of historical interest here, and it's very well acted, if a little slow.
FAIR Watchable drama, heightened by a quartet of terrific performances from Murray, Williams, West and Colman, though the plot is ultimately rather slight and never really sparks to life.
FAIR Hyde Park is of fleeting interesting to a degree, but always feels like it is missing more exciting historical opportunities at the same time.
BAD A frustrating, wasted opportunity, destined to remain in the shadow of its cinematic sibling.
FAIR It's a lightweight, three-star way to kill a couple of hours if you're at a loose end on that lazy bank holiday Sunday.
FAIR Somewhat uneven and ultimately underwhelming, but there's plenty to admire and enjoy here nonetheless.
BAD The whole endeavour feels like a hastily cobbled together attempt to cash in on the post-Oscars glory of The King's Speech. In the end, it's entirely forgettable.
BAD Bill Murray isn't bad as the polio-afflicted 32nd commander in chief. The trouble is that the rest of the film goes adrift in its choices.
BAD Disappointing given the talent and situation, dull as ditchwater and historically suspect ...
FAIR Ultimately, it's just a pleasant little movie where the dramatic highlight is whether or not King George VI will bring himself to eat a hot dog.
FAIR Bill Murray proves a sound choice as the president who quietly battled polio. So too does Samuel West, as the stammering King George VI.
FAIR Whether it bears any resemblance to what actually happened is almost academic in a film that takes a precious moment in time and transforms it into a witty, civilised country house drama.
BAD Like the equally ludicrous Hitchcock, Hyde Park on Hudson is a character assassination posing as a movie.
BAD The movie is most alive when Bill Murray's Roosevelt and Samuel West's King George VI retreat from the crowd and talk man to man.
BAD FDR Is Happy
GOOD I enjoyed the movie for what it is, though I wish it had a better sense of itself.
FAIR The film bounces jauntily along, it's never less than handsome to look at, and the actors all do fine jobs.
FAIR 'The Day the King Ate a Hot Dog' might be a more informative title for this wispy historical trifle...
BAD Just Like Heaven is a typical romantic comedy that stumbles on the problems of being not particularly funny or interesting. It could have been truly heartwarming, but is so heavy handed here that the final result is merely sentimental pap.
GOOD Kudos to Witherspoon and Ruffalo for generating enough screen chemistry to insure a teary-eyed finale that'll make you forget the fact that you're watching a shameless rip-off.
GOOD One of the best times I've had at the movies in a while. It's not perfect. It's not very deep. But it's a whole lot of fun and even a little moving.
FAIR While the picture adheres to romantic-comedy formula, it's not entirely formulaic, and the actors, who appear to be having fun, give it a bright and undeniable appeal.
BAD Um filminho simpatico protagonizado por dois atores carismaticos. E, ainda assim, nao e um bom sinal que eu esteja utilizando a palavra 'filminho' para descreve-lo.
GOOD There's also strong support from Donal Logue (as David's best friend Jack) and Jon Heder, who proves there's life after Napoleon Dynamite with an amusing comic turn as a supernatural bookseller who agrees to help David.
FAIR ... it is refreshing to see a love story played out with sincerity.
BAD With apologies to The Cure... 'Show me show me show me/ How you make a flick/ That has a hackneyed theme,' she said.
FAIR This trifling love story is thoroughly ridiculous but still surprisingly enjoyable
FAIR Witherspoon and Ruffalo have some real sparks. Satisfying and sweet
FAIR When my body and spirit decide to go their separate ways, I want to be perky and beautiful like Reese Witherspoon in Just Like Heaven.
FAIR A spirited diversion that showcases the talents of Witherspoon and Ruffalo, who should team up again soon.
FAIR It took me about 45 minutes into "Just Like Heaven" to figure out just exactly what it is: A contemporary retelling of "Sleeping Beauty."
GOOD Director Mark S. Waters again transcends the expectations of his subject matter to make a sweet surprise of a film that demands rewatching.
FAIR Reese Witherspoon returns to a classier brand of romantic comedy.
FAIR Offers further proof that a film really can get by on the charms of its stars.
FAIR It's fine for what it is. A romantic comedy with a slight supernatural bent, but it doesn't go far enough.
GOOD Starts out glib and gimmicky but later digs surprisingly deep.
FAIR I was laughing &/or crying the whole time (aside from the first & last ten minutes). I liked it!
BAD A film that is never quite sure what it wants to be.
BAD Audiences for 'Heaven' can wait - for the DVD.
FAIR Witherspoon provides whip-smart comic timing and a bubbly charm that makes you love Elizabeth even when she's being Felix Unger to Ruffalo's Oscar Madison.
GOOD Date movies don't get much better than this one.
FAIR ...two lead actors who are strong enough to carry the movie despite a predictable and mediocre screenplay
GOOD Heavenly casting makes this a charming love story.
FAIR In the face of Witherspoon's unrepentant charms, it's very difficult to resist.
FAIR Ruffalo and Witherspoon bring conviction to their roles; they're taking the story seriously and that allows us to do the same.
GOOD Reiser has given us a film that makes us laugh while contemplating the ways we understand and misunderstand those we love.
FAIR Moderately appealing.
BAD The film is a little saccharine and never as moving as Reiser expected. I know Reiser loves his father, but I didn't need to pay to be told it.
FAIR The truth about this sweet, rather shambling little movie is somewhere between the gush and the criticism.
FAIR It's a slow enjoyable ride where you aren't asking "are we there yet?" all the way through it.
GOOD Before I saw this film, only one movie, Field of Dreams, had ever made me cry. Now there are two.
BAD A lot of the humor is forced and unfunny.
FAIR [Falk turns] a stereotyped curmudgeon into a warm and winning character and the only reason to watch.
FAIR Reiser, a famous face from the long-running TV series Mad About You, here proves himself to be a skilful writer and actor for the big screen.
BAD A straight-up case of really bad filmmaking, all mangled punchlines and sitcom setups and all of it too long in the telling.
FAIR Two men of very different generations coming to understand and appreciate each other makes for some fine moments. And that's just the actors.
FAIR Director Raymond De Felitta's clinical visual treatment renders the tone too cold.
BAD If you've ever wondered what it would feel like to be trapped in a '36 Ford convertible for 47 years with a Yiddish theater version of Dr. Phil and the runaway bride, this is the movie for you.
FAIR This passable dramedy plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm with fart jokes.
FAIR If you're of a certain ethnic persuasion, this is a film for you!
BAD It has all the bland, emotional heft of a Hallmark card.
BAD Ultimately more cloying than poignant.
BAD If you thought Mad About You was cloying and gaggingly cute, this could give you the dry heaves.
BAD About as entertaining as the yearly family argument, without any of the holiday turkey to make it worthwhile.
FAIR If you leave The Thing About My Folks thinking about your own folks, consider the movie a success.
BAD Reiser and Falk never stop yammering at each other, not when they're line-dancing, not when they're watching a baseball game, not when they should be trying to counter-steer their way out of the car accident they're in the midst of.
BAD Reiser's meandering story could have used a more strongly cohesive presentation, and the dialogue could have been a lot sharper.
FAIR Reiser wrote the script specifically for Falk and himself, so it's not surprising that the actors bond with their characters. And that makes it easy for the viewers to bond with them.
BAD Even Columbo couldn't solve the mystery of why it doesn't work to mix Sweet with a capital 'S' and flatulence.
FAIR The thing about Paul Reiser is, just when you think you can't stand another lame, vulgar, obvious scene he's written, he blindsides you with some real insight or character truth.
FAIR As it is, it's shamelessly manipulative shtick brightened by sharply drawn supporting performances.
BAD The Thing About My Folks is Paul Reiser's return to playing Paul Reiser.
FAIR The movie belongs entirely to Falk's memorable Sam.
BAD A talky therapy session of a comedy.
BAD Despite some amusing and touching scenes, it is a bit too sitcom-like for its own good.
BAD Flat and forgettable, it's a tiresome film barely held together by its plinky piano score, sophomoric flatulence jokes, and cloying greeting-card emotions.
BAD ...not nearly enough of the film finds the proper balance between slapstick and sap.
FAIR While I resisted much of it, by its finale I was grateful for the trip, and even more grateful to Reiser, who enabled Falk and Dukakis to give the performances of their careers.
GOOD brings out the best in Falk and Reiser, especially Falk, who could be looking at another Academy Award nomination
BAD The real problem with this Paul Reiser project is Reiser himself, who displays little talent for anchoring a feature film
BAD While stocked with simple, earnest observations on love, relationships and family, the film's haphazard plotting and often discordant tone keep it from being anything more than an episodic collection of sentimental aphorisms.
GOOD Mature but often-hilarious teen comedy.
GOOD Lindsay Lohan is more likely to die before 30 than to land another lead role as suited to her (likely squandered) talent. Tina Fey's script is an observant equal-opportunity offender about how high school remains a jungle of hormones and haughtiness.
FAIR Like Heathers with the edges filed down a bit...the kind of smooth, clever (and rare) entertainment that critics and audiences can all enjoy, guilt-free. [Blu-ray]
FAIR The film boasts a solidly female cast, and its' a well cast film at that.
FAIR Like the wannabes at North Shore, Mean Girls longs to take a step beyond the ordinary, but it takes the easier, more traditional route instead.
FAIR It's not a classic, but it's an above-average and refreshingly smart teen comedy.
GOOD It announces the arrival of Tina Fey into the ranks of smart screenwriters.
FAIR Props to Tina Fey for being the first cast member since Mike Myers in Wayne's World to survive her movie being produced by Saturday Night Live boss Lorne Michaels -- and not also have her movie completely suck.
FAIR Mean Girls lacks sincerity, and instead acts like any teenage queen bee -- being cruel and picking on the weak -- only to then break its own rules and be hypocritical.
FAIR The stinging wit of first-time screenwriter Tina Fey gives Mean Girls a zest and zing few high school comedies ever muster.
FAIR It is precisely intelligence, and Fey's refusal to talk down to her audience, that elevates Mean Girls above most other teen movies out there.
GOOD Has the truth-exposing agenda of Election and almost as much bite.
FAIR The distributors didn't try to rook impatient people by first releasing a "Plain Jane" edition then waiting six months to release this one.
GOOD Fey's script is brilliant. Waters' direction is inspired. This film has pace,...This is a funny, enjoyable film.
GOOD This movie should be required viewing for all adolescent girls and their parents.
GOOD a fascinatingly adroit dissection of high school culture
GOOD Kind of makes you wish you were back at school. Kind of.
FAIR Fey's stinging wit has been reined in to secure a PG-13 rating, it's still cuts above The Ladies Man and the awful A Night at the Roxbury.
GOOD Frequently hilarious teen comedy with a witty script and likeable characters -- this is further proof that Lindsay Lohan is fast becoming THE teen star of the noughties.
GOOD The girls may be mean, but I've got nothing nasty to say about this praise-worthy flick.
FAIR There's nothing here you won't have seen a million times before, but -- despite its shortcomings -- it's still one of the better teen movies to come along in a while.
GOOD Far from perfect, but it has brains beneath its glossy, vacuum-packed beauty.
FAIR More wholesome than mean, but still very funny (if you can stomach the homespun moral at the end).
FAIR Lindsay Lohan continues to impress as a former child star walking the tightrope toward adulthood.
GOOD Surpreende o espectador, que, ao final da projecao, descobre que realmente se importou com aqueles personagens.
FAIR ...a lean, mean entertainment that manages to be both playful and subversive while exhibiting plenty of mainstream appeal.
FAIR All readers who ever have been teen-agers: Raise your hands. You're the ones who should see "Mean Girls."
BAD Why does Tina Fey insist on taking off her shirt and showing us her bra? That's very, you know, like, Plastic.
FAIR Tina Fey's screenplay maintains an excellent balance between cutting social commentary and plain good old fashioned fun.
GOOD Lindsay Lohan is great here.
FAIR Saturday Night Live scribe Tina Fey can officially pat herself on the back.
FAIR It's practically certain to lull moviegoers into a pleasant state of dreamy bliss.
FAIR The heart of the film's charm is Sandra Bullock.
BAD Compared to While You Were Sleeping, even the half-baked scenario of the Marisa Tomei-Robert Downey Jr. romance Only You looks witty and inventive.
BAD The movie seems better suited to a holiday release. While You Were Sleeping arrives at the peak of spring, the only season that can make Christmas seem like an unwelcome visitor.
FAIR While You Were Sleeping may not be a film for the ages. It likely won't even rank among the presummer season's biggest hits. But it is worth noting, for it may mark the birth of a star.
FAIR It's Bullock's first shot at a role in which she plays second fiddle neither to males nor special effects. And she turns out to be every bit as delightful as anyone might have expected.
FAIR It's a long and frustrating wait, but While You Were Sleeping delivers all you can ask of a romantic comedy: the deluxe payoff.
BAD A cute premise with engaging leads but little else to keep you awake.
FAIR It plays like a movie dreamed up by people in a studio marketing department who'd decided to bare their souls.
GOOD This smartly scripted Cinderella love story is crammed with charm and the expert direction of Jon Turteltaub hits all the right emotional buttons.
GOOD This year's Sleepless In Seattle. Only better.
GOOD Appealing family comedy with old-fashioned feel.
FAIR A mild romantic comedy rooted in class anxiety, but it's nice to see perennial loser-in-love Pullman get some. Respect, that is.
FAIR This is the first romantic comedy I've seen in a long time that, by the third act, doesn't forget about being funny.
FAIR Surprisingly half-decent high-concept chick-flick material.
GOOD Classic Sandra Bullock romantic comedy.
GOOD A welcome ray of sunshine.
FAIR A modern romantic comedy that actually works.
BAD Bullock, with her attractive but unglamorous image, gives humanity and a little bit of realism to an otherwise fairytale plot.
FAIR Turteltaub wisely plays his strength by giving us extended close-ups of Bullock, who is at once canny and vulnerable, rising above this workmanlike comedy.
FAIR A cute, throwaway romantic comedy.
FAIR A perfect example of this unoriginal-but-enjoyable type of film making.
FAIR A feel-good film, warm and good-hearted.
FAIR Interesting twist on the romantic triangle.
FAIR A bright, charming romance.
FAIR A lighthearted, charming nougat for romantics.
FAIR A gem of a movie.
FAIR Romantic, sweet without being cloying, and light on its feet.
BAD Predictable at best and just plain dull most of the time.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story? Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical. Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not likely to find them very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk. But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not terribly witty, and definitely not adult-oriented. But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't go deep enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo. It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely. It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way. In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no puedes dejar pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny. But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton. The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece. From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning. Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR It's a warm, sunny film that should remind viewers favorably of an early Aldomovar film, in which strong, beautiful, but slightly nutty women carry the day.
FAIR ... it's nice to know that Hollywood endings aren't entirely in the straight domain.
BAD Elvira, Sol, and Jimena -- named for women in the life of El Cid -- are so spoiled and blind to their mother's happiness that they're often thoroughly unpleasant.
BAD A graceless film about hateful people...apart from some Prague scenery in the last act, My Mother Likes Women is thoroughly ugly.
BAD A sometimes cloying mix of screwball comedy and drama.
BAD An aggressively silly take on subject matter that deserves more thought, but the performers -- virtually all of whom are women -- have so much energy and conviction you almost don't notice.
BAD Sarda never makes a believable lesbian.
FAIR It's little more than an amusing sitcom.
FAIR ...it's hard not to root for all these characters to get what they want.
FAIR Skirts predictability and political correctness in equal measure, adding up to an entertaining night at the movies.
BAD Despite the promise of its title, this is a movie that skirts the issues of gay relationships at every turn.
BAD Almost no one in this film acts or reacts the way someone would on planet Earth.
FAIR The mother's love affair is key, but the movie belongs to Elvira. Leonor Watling brings warmth to this neurotic creature that makes her shine, even in the midst of chaos.
BAD My Mother Likes Women wants keenly to be hip and modern, but really it's just an old-fashioned drawing-room comedy.
FAIR Slight but amusing and likable.
BAD The film and its star, Watling, could not be more off-putting.
FAIR Leonor Watling is worth the price of admission all by herself.
BAD Cheerfully ham-fisted celebration of love and family in modern-day Madrid.
FAIR It's trying so hard to be a crowd-pleaser that it never stops to think that you might want to find its characters' behavior believable.
BAD Corny and forgettable.
FAIR There's a strong heart beating beneath the foolishness and one wonderful performance from Leonor Watling.
FAIR The fizz of playful sexual anarchy bubbles like spiked ginger ale through the comedy, whose two stars are veterans of recent Pedro Almodovar films.
BAD made solely to sell Talkboys (and let's not forget the pink Talkgirls) to kids
BAD Wasn't one of these bad enough?
GOOD Not better than the first part but funny. Pesci is great in both films.
BAD Whatever steam Culkin gained in Home Alone was lost in this tepid sequel rehash.
BAD So, so bad.
BAD Money grubbing sequelitis at its most pathetic.
BAD The Goods isn't trying for much but what it is trying for it more or less succeeds at. That doesn't make it a particularly good movie; in fact it pretty much ensures that it can't be one.
BAD The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard is an entirely throwaway experience that doesn't offer anything vaguely witty or clever. Look elsewhere to satisfy your comedy needs.
FAIR ...an agreeable piece of work...
BAD The number of remotely chucklesome jokes in Neal Brennan's comedy is way too low, and the stuff in between them is grimy and depressing.
BAD Sometimes this kind of comedy just goes too far into rubbishness to make it back.
BAD A throng of outrageous supporting characters do little to salvage this stalled effort.
BAD These jokes are fired out like one of those ball-throwing machines used for baseball practice - sometimes they hit and they hurt, sometimes they miss, and sometimes they meet the bat.
BAD It isn't merely bad, it makes you want to clamp your hands to either side of your face and do an impersonation of The Scream.
FAIR This film is so crass and so lowbrow its hairline is level with the carpet underlay. And yet, and yet, I must hang my head and confess I did laugh a fair bit.
BAD They look as if they could provide more laughs but are defeated by bovine gags retrieved from a trashcan full of out-takes.
BAD That mainstream cinema continually serves up such offensive offal is one thing, but the fact that the boundaries of taste are challenged with such regularity is made all the more alarming when passed off as harmless fun.
BAD On paper, The Goods had the potential to be The Next Anchorman, but unfortunately somewhere in the drawing room, someone decided to pursue cheap laughs over something more substantial.
FAIR Jokes only get you so far, and The Goods gets increasingly bogged down in its uninspired plotlines. Ferrell's cameo is a particular lowpoint.
BAD Picture a knackered jalopy misfiring on all cylinders, lurching from one pile-up to the next and spewing foul fumes as it lumbers inevitably to the breaker's yard. Then think of the cinema equivalent.
BAD Some of the talent - like The Hangover's Ed Helms - manage to escape with their dignity, just about intact, but the film's attempts to justify its adult rating become increasingly desperate.
BAD This scattershot comedy hits a few targets but is so desperate to amuse it feels more like a series of rejected TV sketches than a movie.
BAD A dull idea to start with and packing it out with tasteless, unloveable characters doesn't help.
FAIR The film is randy and rough-hewn even by the standards of its genre. I could claim to have found it tasteless and mirthless, but that would be a lie.
BAD It sounds a passable premise but what we get is a toe-curling disappointment that wastes the talent of some familiar television faces. No sale.
BAD [It] squanders its potential with hard-to-like characters and a largely unfunny script that relies too heavily on unnecessary crudity.
FAIR Packed with some very average and at times very filthy jokes, The Goods is thankfully redeemed by some decent laugh-out loud moments.
FAIR The humor comes not from the picture's setup but the absurd behavior of its characters. Mr. Piven does an able variation on Ari Gold, the caustic agent from Entourage
BAD A mediocre comedy that wants desperately to be "Anchorman" on a used-car lot, but can't measure up, mostly because it's so lacking in laughs
BAD [It] might be a bottomless barrel of idiotic yuks. But it's not a total lemon.
BAD It's not that I was offended. It's that I was bored by the attempt to offend me.
BAD Piven is saddled with a lame backstory about a former partner's tragic death, something about a lost son, a thoroughly forced romantic subplot, and a series of awful and increasingly desperate stabs at raunchy humor.
FAIR Needs Less Sentiment and More Charles Napier. But Still Rapid-Fire Funny in Nature.
FAIR I think it's worth it just to witness the comic genius of Kathryn Hahn.
GOOD Raunchy, crass and simply loopy, this is a movie you're either going to love or hate.
BAD "The Goods" has to imply an antonym as it is far from good. Despite starring the Emmy award winning Jeremy Piven, the writing destroyed any chance of success.
BAD there are a few good jokes, but for me a few laughs here and there aren't enough
BAD With a comedy like this, you want to be laughing constantly, not every 15 or 20 minutes.
FAIR The Goods is uneven, mis-shapen, lumpy, bumpy and scattershot; it's also funny, or funny in bits, or very funny in very weird bits that almost, kind of, make up for how uneven, mis-shapen, lumpy, bumpy and scattershot it is.
BAD Like a Frankenstein monster that can never quite find the strength to climb off the table, The Goods is a lumbering creation stitched together from body parts of past comedies operating in a similarly sophomoric vein.
BAD Outrageous, crass and occasionally funny with a lively ensemble cast, but its humor often feels uninspired, lazy, asinine and ultimately forgettable.
FAIR I laughed more than I thought I would (though of course hope springs eternal at the movies) and if I ran the Hollywood zoo, I'd give these particular screenwriters another assignment.
BAD The oh-so-out-there mentality earns some chuckles, but that, along with Piven's preening, gets very trying. A hard sell is still a hard sell.
FAIR Typical, typical Ernest nonsense, cookie cutter funny.
FAIR Feverishly funny family fun
BAD Ernest did much better in some of the follow-ups.
GOOD Totally undeserving of its status as a punchline, this may be no classic but it's a fine kiddie tale
BAD Just exactly like every other Ernest movie you've ever seen. And yet, Varney's innocent playfulness is somehow oddly appealing.
FAIR Has some honest laughs ... but it also spawned Ernest's movie career. Call it a toss-up.
GOOD It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
GOOD [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
GOOD This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
GOOD Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
GOOD This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
GOOD If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
GOOD Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
GOOD A great Hollywood classic!
GOOD [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
GOOD ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
GOOD It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
GOOD The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
GOOD Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
GOOD My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
GOOD Few Christmas films are funnier.
GOOD Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
GOOD There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
GOOD A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
GOOD Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
FAIR There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
GOOD kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
BAD The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
GOOD A comfortable, homey movie.
GOOD A delightful movie.
FAIR ...an agreeable companion piece to its admittedly superior predecessor.
FAIR Waking up in the aftermath of a meth-lab explosion might be less disorienting than watching this. And if you think there's no room for more, Neveldine/Taylor are probably a weekend and a bag of crack-filled Pixie Stix away from proving you wrong.
FAIR See this f%$&*ing movie, mate.
FAIR Both exhilarating and exhausting, it falls just short of a fever pitch.
GOOD Click for full review
BAD ...just as sloppily caffeinated as before, with an extra layer of scummy race jokes.
BAD The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is.
BAD Adrenaline-propelled and outrageously offensive, it's a cinematic video game that's neither coherent nor credible.
BAD Grisly, gory, over-the-top action-parody isn't for kids.
GOOD What you really get here is the same movie all over again -- only more so.
FAIR The directing and writing team of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have between them a boundless imagination, constantly topping one absurdly overstated moment with another, even more absurd.
BAD So gross, brutal and just plain bad that I may never want to see another Jason Statham movie.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage is a real celebration of the phrase "Why not?". It's big, loud and brainless - and it's all the more glorious for it.
BAD Crank: High Voltage, starring Jason Statham as a man with a machine instead of a heart, is boorish, bigoted and borderline pornographic.
BAD The movie feels like a form of aversion therapy designed to take the fun out of dumb.
FAIR Better not operate any heavy machinery after an eyeful of Crank: High Voltage
GOOD If someone was charged with creating a graphic, bizarre cartoon for adults, that someone might conceive of 'Crank 2: High Voltage,' one of the most insanely outrageous movies ever made.
BAD This Crank sequel fails to live up to the original in every way and that one didn't exactly set a high bar to begin with.
BAD Like its predecessor, Crank: High Voltage is speedball cinema, a pure narcotized rush of blistering action, odious stereotypes, and shock-for-shock's-sake nastiness.
BAD It's so amped up that High Voltage suffers its own energy shortage well before the finale. It's also every bit as stupid as it sounds.
FAIR Not everyone has a taste for gun-wielding strippers and Godzilla parodies, but for those who do, Crank High Voltage is like a 1,000-volt shot to the heart.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage promises something outrageous and then over-delivers, permanently deflowering and deforming the mind of anyone lucky enough to be in the audience.
FAIR There's not enough here for me to recommend it without reservations to anyone outside of that narrow target audience.
BAD This movie is Tarantino on speed, and without focus and style. It is in-your-face and proud of it with no apologies.
BAD For all its ADD editing, it's a joyless slog.
BAD William Blake may have once stated "The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" but I'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the "Crank" films, he might have had second thoughts about that.
FAIR It knows what it is, almost mindless and totally kick-arse. In fact, it's my favorite of the Crankporter flicks.
BAD Watching this movie is like trying to survive on Red Bull and Skittles. It might keep you up for a little bit, but before too long, you'll just want to throw up.
GOOD Imagine a gonzo collaboration between Jean-Luc Godard, Michael Bay and Tex Avery on a weekend meth binge, and you begin to get an idea of what writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brad Taylor have up their sleeves.
GOOD Crank High Voltage delivers everything it promises -- if it were a politician, it'd have my vote.
FAIR if you're 14 to 18, hopped up on hormones, fresh off your daily dose of Ritalin, and ready to have your short attention span verbally and visually assaulted, you'll be in for a toxic trip.
FAIR It is as much influenced by Looney Toons cartoons and Russ Meyer movies as it is by the anarchic new wave of action films. And it was edited, apparently, by someone with ADD.
FAIR Brash, outrageously inane and chaotically crafty, Crank 2: High Voltage is unapologetic in its sheer penchant for graphic-induced ribaldry as its charismatic calling card.
FAIR The Stath is pretty much the most bankable name in action movies today, and his unhinged work in High Voltage, indulging in an explosion of murder and mayhem with gusto and glee, should certainly see him retain that title.
FAIR Age has not been particularly kind to it, but... [it's] carried off with far more competence and assurance than many directorial debuts have enjoyed.
BAD If I hear "Come Saturday Morning" one more time, I will throw something at innocent Pookie!
FAIR Liza Minnelli starring as a free spirit named "Pookie" could get old fast--but it doesn't, and the movie is warm and engaging.
FAIR Charming family movie for tweens and up.
FAIR ...may wander near and far, mixing down-home hokum with gushy sentiment, yet it generally succeeds in winning us over.
FAIR Lions will appeal to a more mature audience because of the solid acting duo of Caine and Duvall. It will also appeal to children because of its almost mythological feel.
FAIR To see Osment react to a door closing is akin to watching someone get defibrillated.
FAIR An unpretentiously sweet home-is-where-the-heart-is fantasy.
BAD [T]he real lesson here may be for Haley Joel Osment, who could well have Dickie Roberts II in his future.
FAIR This film may be all over the map, but at least it takes viewers to some interesting places.
BAD Schmaltzed up, dumbed down, bombastically-scored family drama of touchy-feely life lessons.
FAIR Warm and a little syrupy like old school films.
FAIR A wholly unique family film that can moisten your eyes even while it quickens your pulse.
FAIR Because it never quite reaches its enormous potential, Secondhand Lions feels like a disappointment even though there's much to praise.
FAIR Filled with so many moments of eccentricity that I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to take it all seriously or just laugh. Is the movie a heartwarming coming-of-age film or a parody of one?
FAIR There's a deep, sad yearning that permeates through the fantastical optimism of Secondhand Lions that gives it the cold, harsh edge of reality.
BAD Duvall and Caine have more fun with shotguns than anyone this side of Phil Gramm.
FAIR In the end there may not quite be enough here to make the film a classic, but it's enjoyable and lively and warm while it lasts.
FAIR The movie is fun, but thinking about it afterwards reveals just how sloppy it is
FAIR An uneven but sweet movie about growing up and growing older.
BAD In the wrong hands, this would have been a maudlin, embarrassing story, but in McCanlies' hands, it feels like a cozy friend.
GOOD It makes you feel good the way that Forrest Gump made you feel good, as if the filmmakers were seriously trying to make a fun, wholesome, entertaining movie without taking on the industry with a moral agenda.
FAIR Where McCanlies eventually almost succeeds in demolishing his laid-back little embassy of wonder and good will is his refusal to practice what his characters preach.
BAD 'Corn, corn, nothin' but corn,' Duvall complains as he looks at his crops; unsympathetic viewers will feel they can relate...
FAIR This isn't perfect filmmaking, but it's pleasant enough and a pleasure to watch.
BAD A well-meaning trifle, earnestly performed but way too bland and vanilla to elicit much in the way of rooting interest or lasting memorability.
GOOD Packed with adventure, humor and straight-forward drama, Lions is the type of movie I loved as a kid and clearly I haven't outgrown the formula.
BAD A sweet, tidy and ultimately forgettable story.
BAD Secondhand Lions manages to squander the services of seasoned vets Michael Caine and Robert Duvall, and promising newcomer Haley Joel Osment, with a tale that is dramatically false and disturbingly vicious.
BAD The film's attitude toward female characters is so relentlessly cruel and dismissive, that it's impossible to pay attention to all the supposedly sweet stuff that surrounds Lions' hard-hearted center.
FAIR Secondhand Lions is a movie you want to believe in -- original ideas, acclaimed actors -- but McCanlies uses too many broad strokes when subtlety and finesse would have had greater impact.
BAD [A] schmaltz fest.
FAIR Has a few almost first-rate pleasures.
GOOD A crowd-pleasing oddball comedy.
BAD There's not one moment in Secondhand Lions that feels genuine or heartfelt.
BAD Lions' iron whimsy is a jackhammer on the heart.
FAIR For its 20th anniversary, 'Forrest Gump' is being rereleased for one week in the IMAX format nationwide, including at Rave Cinemas, Davenport. Here is my review from July 1994: Garp + Zelig x Chance = Gump.
FAIR Pulling the supremely naive yet mystically wise Gump off is a feather in Hanks' hat.
FAIR It might hit you right in the feels, even as your eyes are rolling. To quote one of Forrest's truest pieces of wisdom: Maybe both is happening at the same time.
FAIR Hanks is brilliant in evoking Forrest's good-heartedness; he cannot really perceive evil in men, and yet he is so untainted by bigotry or ideology that he makes the perfect witness.
FAIR This isn't the meaningful movie it pretends to be. But as a goofy entertainment that speeds through the latter half of the 20th century, stopping here and there to snap a photo or two, Forrest Gump does just fine.
FAIR Good as Wright and Sinise are in their roles as Forrest's near-suicidal soulmates, the movie always comes back to Hanks, and director Robert Zemeckis helps him to achieve some of his finest emotional moments.
GOOD Zemeckis has an exuberant sense of humor, an ability to use good ideas from other movies (he steals from Being There and Zelig) and an unmatched mastery of the technical.
GOOD The movie's technical tricks are great fun, as is its musical soundtrack, which captures the essences of the eras it traverses. But when you come right down to it, it's the oddly magnetic personality of Forrest himself that is the biggest draw.
BAD Forrest Gump is a perfectly competent movie. Its major failure is one of morals and ideas, and the fact that so many, many people did not seem to notice or care, is what really flummoxed me.
FAIR Largely enjoyable.
GOOD This tall tale may reach monumental proportions, but Forrest Gump always keeps its magical airiness and grace.
GOOD Credit for the success of the film has to start with director Robert Zemeckis, who has taken his Back to the Future and Who Framed Roger Rabbit success and parlayed it into a more mature, yet equally entertaining, film.
GOOD One can sneer at it, but one can't ignore it.
GOOD ...not a wishful paean to a fantasy version of America, but a portrait of America - its awfulness and beauty, promise and pain - as seen through the eyes of an innocent.
GOOD Moving and wonderful, but parent preview a good idea.
GOOD Even if its success was overblown, so was the backlash.
GOOD Forrest may be dumb, but he ain't stupid.
GOOD Unashamedly sentimental, this is a technically triumphant tear-jerker.
GOOD Despite its flaws, this is simply unmissable.
GOOD Its flaws don't do it any great harm; it's as comforting as an afternoon nap, but also as refreshing.
GOOD See website for more details.
BAD Toeing the centreline like a motherf***er while Rome burns. Can I get an "amen"?
FAIR Zemeckis's film has lots of heart but little in the way of guts or brains.
GOOD A great film.
GOOD This film is both serious and funny, entertaining and thought-provoking and it could make people laugh and cry with equal degree of ease.
GOOD A long lovely movie with Hanks playing a sort of goofy Everyman who shows that any of us can make it if we simply persist.
BAD The press kit says Gump brings a rare clarity to what we went through in the '50s, '60s and '70s. But I only saw a pitiful stooge taking the pie of life in the face, thoughtfully licking his fingers.
BAD Exquisitely made, expertly crafted... and a work of purest, blackest evil.
BAD Stupid is as stupid does, and this movie is, indeed, stupid.
BAD A reminder to all producers: alluding to iconic romantic comedies in a bid for legitimacy can be a dangerous game, even when you have appealing stars.
FAIR My reaction to The Holiday was no different from my reaction to Meyers' other pieces. It's cute enough, the atmosphere is sufficiently romantic comedy-like, but somehow, for some reason, I just don't bond with it.
GOOD As a voracious consumer of chick media (I like alien shoot 'em ups too!), I tell you that the story arc is extremely surprising & delightful, and that you fellas can feel safe watching this as well.
FAIR No amount of ironic gift wrapping can conceal the triteness within, in this double-plotted festive chick flick that is too long by half, and too cloyingly sweet to be healthy.
GOOD a warm, charming, extremely clever and often hilarious romantic comedy that will be a sure-fire date movie for any guy looking to please his significant other
FAIR Because everyone is rich and in love, you can see the happy ending coming a mile away, but with a film like this, it's the journey that's important and not the destination.
FAIR Sweet, sentimental and sickly.
FAIR A lot of ideas are circulating and the characters have taken hold of our emotions. If only Meyers had taken the quickest way there, it would be a much better movie.
FAIR The movie clocks in at just under two and a half hours, so the staying-awake part may be a challenge for some, but not one scene in the film feels extraneous or doesn't serve to tell the story.
BAD Watchable, but overly long and ultimately disappointing romcom, despite spirited performances and the occasional sparkly moment.
BAD This romantic comedy ends up feeling soggy, syrupy and so bloating it'll put you to sleep before the pudding's done.
FAIR An entertaining romp that succeeds on a level of pure escapism.
BAD Nancy Meyers e uma diretora mediocre e uma escritora sem talento.
FAIR Writer-director Nancy Meyers' fluff machine is on overdrive...
BAD A very pretty, safely balanced, sweet and sour film, for some nice bonding time with your other half.
FAIR At least 60 percent of this film tries too hard to be as cute as a Christmas puppy and just ends up piddling on the carpet
FAIR A finely polished piece of romantic cinema, with a generosity of spirit so all-encompassing that it's easy to forgive its occasional excesses.
FAIR Saying that Nancy Meyers' The Holiday is the best of the year's Christmas movies to date isn't saying very much.
FAIR We can all figure out where this thing is going but getting there is the prime attraction here.
BAD There are bad movies, and then there are Nancy Meyers movies.
BAD Myers has established herself as Nora Ephron Lite, which is the same as establishing yourself as white bread without the crust.
BAD Despite the honeyed charms of its female leads, the 138-minute Holiday wears out its welcome ... When Diaz meets Law's cloyingly adorable two girls, it's like choking to death on a saccharine candy cane.
FAIR Through its awkward meet-stupids and believable meet-cutes, "The Holiday" rings so many notes of joy that you can't help but like it.
BAD The Holiday is too predictable and at 138 minutes way too padded to thoroughly enjoy.
BAD ...The surprises would be surprises only if this is, like, your fourth movie ever.
FAIR Admittedly, this is a chick-flick. Guys may groan but gals are gonna love it. Like 'Love, Actually,' it's the Christmas comedy you've been waiting for.
FAIR While Meyers overwrites and has a tendency to dwell on her stars goofing around, her best material makes the less-successful stretches worth sitting through.
FAIR Watching The Holiday is a little like ordering a sticky cinnamon bun: You know the gooey, warm sweetness will taste good, but you'll feel guilty eating it.
FAIR It's actually one of the most educational chick flicks of the decade...
FAIR Admitting that it's formulaic doesn't make it any less so, but it's enjoyable in a mushy, easily digested sort of way.
BAD ...It's the women who come out the worst in Meyers's sexist worldview, where men are hopeless and women are helpless.
FAIR Winslet, who's never done a Hollywood romantic comedy before, turns out to be a natural, blushing prettily and smiling so broadly the camera seems ready to embrace her.
GOOD A lush and witty telling of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR A stylish, witty and substantial adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR For once, Thompson turns in a gimmick-free performance, and the rest of the actors range from fine to fabulous.
FAIR A little funny, a bit sad, an all-around entertaining.
GOOD Unlike most of the usual rolling hills, costume period drama, Merchant-Ivory type, century-old novel movies, Sense and Sensibility succeeds quite handily.
GOOD A little funny, a bit sad, and all-around entertaining.
GOOD We need no further proof that this material is ageless.
GOOD Enduring love, heartbreak, undying passion and bitter betrayal. What more could you ask from Jane Austen, and for that matter, from a film?
FAIR Seeing a world that seems kinder, gentler, nobler and simpler to our own can have its own theraputic value.
GOOD A host of fine performances support the great screenplay, photography and editing of the film.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is a triumph, and a film to be treasured.
FAIR The sensibility may be a bit off, but there is more than enough sense involved in this mid-Atlantic Austen to make up the difference.
FAIR [Sense and Sensibility is]...the first film of Jane Austen that I can remember having enjoyed.
FAIR Sense and Sensibility is an enjoyable film, and yet it left me somehow unsatisfied.
GOOD An exuberant, well- crafted film that gets the audience involved on a gut level.
GOOD Wonderful adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD Told with deft skill and a pleasantly humorous romantic touch.
FAIR A soap opera of the highest caliber.
GOOD A memorable film that brings out everything we love about these kinds of stories.
GOOD The movie is good fun, boasting a dozen vivid characters and two that moviegoers will take to heart.
GOOD A glorious return to old-fashioned filmmaking at its best.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is an absorbing, delightful, and nuanced movie.
GOOD It's bliss.
FAIR Has good momentum and it's not actively unpleasant to look at, which sets it well on the right side of the bell curve of modern American comedy.
FAIR A solid buddy-cop action-comedy that draws all its energy from Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, who are flat-out funny and fun to watch.
FAIR the relationship between McCarthy and Bullock is spot on and makes the film worth watching
FAIR There's no getting away from the fact that The Heat is lightweight and derivative, but its formulas have been freshened just enough to make it fun. With Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock on board, that's enough.
GOOD The sparks that fly between the two have that much more sting, thanks to the acidically hilarious banter and Bullock and McCarthy's complete, fearless abandon.
BAD Poor production values, shoddy editing and too many cliches cool off a seen-it-all before comedy that even Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy can't save.
FAIR But it's heartbreaking to watch McCarthy and Bullock work so hard to such little profit ... This is a movie that doesn't once do the unexpected thing.
BAD It's ultimately clear that there's simply not enough plot to justify The Heat's absurdly overlong running time...
GOOD Director Paul Feig, whose Bridesmaids upended notions of what a raunchy ensemble comedy could be, does it again here with another genre.
GOOD It's the 'Bad Girls' who rule now!
GOOD This terrific vehicle for the perfectly mismatched comic stylings of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy isn't a hilarious girl-power trip. It's simply hilarious.
GOOD The plot follows a standard formula, but the simple gender twist and great casting keep things sizzling.
FAIR Miss Congeniality shows up The Other Guys in this riotously funny buddy-cop comedy, which overcomes its silly script with the ingenious pairing of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
GOOD The Heat is lean, mean and completely uninterested in anything that isn't funny.
FAIR Prepare for some hilarious laugh enforcement, Sandra Bullock proves to be the perfect foil to the uproarious Melissa McCarthy, who is fast becoming the funniest performer in cinema.
GOOD A good cop/bad cop action comedy with the funniest two-women-above-the-title pairing in memory.
GOOD Bullock and McCarthy have terrific chemistry and elevate the simple-minded material with their riffing and adept physical comedy.
FAIR Watchable buddy comedy enlivened by a pair of strong comic performances from its two leads, though it's also far too indulgent of McCarthy's ad-libbing and feels a good twenty minutes too long.
FAIR The film then lives and dies by how funny each individual scene manages to be. Some hit the mark, others do not.
FAIR The bland visuals and point-and-shoot directorial style mean that not much sticks in the mind, but 'The Heat II' would be an entirely welcome proposition.
FAIR Good for a few chalk-and-cheese chuckles but no real belly laughs.
FAIR If you've never seen the point of Sandra Bullock, watch this.
FAIR A genuinely funny, worthy successor to Bridesmaids, solidifying McCarthy as a rare comedic talent and potentially laying the way for more left-field lady-led comedy.
FAIR Marks another successful barge into Hollywood's boys-only territory from director Paul Feig, who is proving to be the most significant director of women in Hollywood right now.
FAIR It takes a while for The Heat to warm up, but after about 30 minutes of straining-for-effect comedy, this buddy cop vehicle for Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy proves a much funnier proposition than the thinness of its premise suggests.
BAD The screenplay, by Parks and Recreation writer Katie Dippold, is gunning to be a female Lethal Weapon or 48 Hours. Unhappily, this includes slovenly plots about tracking down drug lords to warehouse hideouts, and jackhammer banter.
FAIR The cruder gags won't win everyone over, but McCarthy and Bullock's chemistry helps paper over the plot cracks and there's enough situation comedy to entertain.
FAIR There's one reason to see this movie, and it's name is Sandrissa McBullock.
GOOD The script is sharply funny, with the contrasting styles (what is this, "Training Day?," Bullock asks as McCarthy attempts to bond with a drug dealer) of both leads front and center.
FAIR It's down to the two leads to charm their way through the cliches. They half manage it.
BAD First names are, of course, never used because they're out-menning the men in every department, including misogynist asides and police brutality - by the end of the runtime you wonder why they bothered casting women at all.
BAD Borrowing heavily and unashamedly from the buddy-cop movie formula perfected by the Lethal Weapon, Bad Boys and Beverly Hills Cop franchises, Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy team up for an enjoyable, ultra-predictable, totally disposable comedy romp.
FAIR The Heat takes a standard male action/comedy template, the odd couple cop movie, and blows it up with an estrogen bomb named Melissa McCarthy.
FAIR Feig's indifference to craft hurts the movie ... but he knows funny, and he gives his actors plenty of room to work.
FAIR A reminder of Bullock's comedic talents and one of the best female comedic pairings since Tina Fey met Amy Poehler.
FAIR McCarthy delivers her profanity-laced lines with an aggressive force that feels amazingly natural, and her put-downs and insults derive a particularly strong comic vibe by bouncing off Bullock's pinched straight-woman routine.
FAIR There are only two reasons to see The Heat. But they are formidable reasons, and they go by the names of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
GOOD Bullock and McCarthy are so comedically in sync that iffy jokes become funny, and funny jokes become hilarious.
FAIR A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
FAIR A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one. Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
GOOD Modern anti-heroes. Criminals with heart. And these guys are stinkin' funny.
BAD Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug. My choice for the worst film of 2004.
FAIR ...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
FAIR It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
BAD Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
BAD All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
BAD (...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
GOOD I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
BAD Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na propria diversao do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridiculo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
FAIR 'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
GOOD En el universo de un ladron, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
FAIR All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
BAD Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never feels fully fleshed.
BAD designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never quite catches
FAIR ...the banter feels authentic...
FAIR More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
FAIR All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve isn't much better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
FAIR Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie? Sure they are, but it works again.
FAIR Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
FAIR That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
FAIR This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
FAIR Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
FAIR It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
FAIR Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
FAIR The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . . taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
FAIR Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun. And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
BAD Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
FAIR A bit of a mess. But a fun mess. Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter. An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
BAD Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
FAIR The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story. Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
FAIR Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
BAD While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure, this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest (or something like that.)
BAD Steve Conrad's script is a jumbled farce, misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no real relevance to the story.
GOOD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see, and there's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it.
FAIR Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original (something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did, much to Thurber's annoyance), and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining, glossily photographed, globe-trotting romp,
FAIR A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects.
FAIR Somehow, out of a no-win situation, Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains and also provides a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration.
FAIR A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism.
GOOD ...a superior comedy/drama that's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated.
BAD This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season.
FAIR Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment, an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber's literary work (adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye.)
FAIR Walter Mitty has a big heart, and I like it for that. But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall.
BAD The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level.
FAIR 'The Secret Life of Walter Mitty' is not the old James Thurber short story brought to the big screen. It's important to make that clear.
BAD Iceland deserves an apology: The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation's locations, which provide the film with its only moments of distinction.
GOOD "MItty" a Magical Tribute to the Possible
FAIR For Ben Stiller it's a case of one step forward, two steps back, with the funny man's ambitious move into Oscar territory never quite reaching its full potential, even though moments of brilliance do pop up now and again.
GOOD I seriously love this movie.
FAIR Stiller has aimed high, and even if he hasn't made it to the top, the view is still pretty good from where he ended up.
FAIR This flight of fancy doesn't quite offer the feel good lift it seems to be aiming for, perhaps because its structure dictates that Walter spends too much time alone, but that's not to criticise Stiller's film too harshly.
FAIR One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness, this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers.
FAIR Rarely rises above greeting card-level would-be inspirational banality.
FAIR The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms. Given the elusive nature of those terms, it is, however, hard to tell for certain.
BAD It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place, and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes, the real-life scenes just lose their luster.
FAIR It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller's Mitty.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one, each jostling for position, each disliking the other. They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own.
GOOD This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not close to James Thurber's charming, classic short story but has a charm of its own.
BAD A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program.
GOOD This is Stiller's piece de resistance.
GOOD It's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder.
FAIR The phrase 'a Walter Mitty character' looks set to outlast everyone's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump.
BAD The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life's hustle and bustle, but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook.
FAIR It's not a bad story as far as it goes, and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... [but] no story, no matter how interesting, can't do without a little bit of the Hollywood treatment, and "The Hunting Party" suffers that in spades.
FAIR Features some truly outrageous events.... But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
BAD There are a lot of movies that don't deliver on their promise. The Hunting Party is one of them. It's a disheartening disappointment.
GOOD Tense, funny, disturbing and touching from moment one.
FAIR The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending, leaving a lot of filler in the middle.
FAIR Gere has so much fun in his role it's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts.
BAD a very poor man's Three Kings, minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads.
BAD The magazine piece was convoluted at best, and writer-director Richard Shepard doesn't make things much clearer.
BAD Although the film initially plays like breezy fun, it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone.
GOOD ...the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that hasn't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone.
FAIR Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness, Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism.
BAD By the time the end credits roll, you're still not sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party is supposed to be, other than just queasy.
GOOD Writer-director Richard Shepard's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down.
BAD It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down.
BAD The Hunting Party is a complete bust, but the ways in which it fails are interesting.
BAD Set in postwar Bosnia, The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent.
FAIR The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film's vein of bleak humor refreshing.
FAIR ...it does make room for the latest, loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere's career.
BAD The Hunting Party has good aim, but just misses.
BAD When something seems too bizarre to be true, that's generally how it plays onscreen.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly 'normal' people doing seriously insane stuff.
FAIR On paper, there's no way that The Hunting Party should work. But onscreen, it defies the odds.
GOOD A spry, surprising and intelligent comedy.
FAIR If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy, any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor.
BAD The movie, based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation's most notorious war criminal, goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible.
FAIR It's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all; without them, The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot.
FAIR Immersed in cynicism and dark humour, this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters.
BAD wants to cover a lot of ground, but shortchanges most of it.
FAIR A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters, highlighting the absurdity of war.
FAIR Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
GOOD All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film's opening disclaimer: "Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true."
GOOD The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands.
FAIR ...plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda, with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time.
BAD A narcissistic, ego-driven gabfest courtesy of indie auteur Eric Schaeffer, who appears not to have figured out that therapy is cheaper than moviemaking.
BAD Fall often feels like a remake of 9 1/2 Weeks, with Schaeffer seemingly competing with Mickey Rourke for most..disgusting sleazeball ever committed to celluloid.
BAD Despite a few decent lines of dialogue this is generally, really stupid.
BAD Fall leans too heavily in the direction of vain and smug.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
BAD Get Hard doesn't busy itself with being particularly innovative or original and instead either bastardizes or quotes much, much better films.
BAD You're going to see certain things in most Will Ferrell movies, and 'Get Hard' is no exception:
FAIR The laughs are down to Ferrell and Hart, who hold the thing together.
BAD Let's pretend prison rape jokes are funny (they're not) and cheap homophobia jokes are funny (also not). Even with all those concessions? Get Hard still isn't that funny.
BAD Will Ferrell's one-note performances are becoming a bit tiring. The film plays lightly on the idea of racial stereotyping, but it just isn't funny enough to qualify as any sort of satire or penetrating social comment.
BAD I laughed quite a bit at this movie ... but, at the same time, it felt like it left a lot on the table resulting in a film that is merely a shell of what it could have been.
BAD It's hard to recall a movie with such a huge platform appearing to be so out of touch with society.
BAD Ferrell and Hart work tirelessly to stay on their feet as the comedic ground crumbles underneath them and their talent.
BAD Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart work diligently to soften the movie's mean spirit.
BAD Offensive on many levels, even before you factor in the ironic (but not really) racial banter between Ferrell and Hart - or the sleazy objectification of some of its (minor) female characters.
FAIR This will be tagged racist by some and commended for puncturing racism by others. There are a number of choice bits, yet for every couple of gags that work, there's one that falls flat. The odds when it comes to the homophobic material are even worse.
BAD One may be patient with raunchy stupidity - but not with those who are proud of it.
BAD I wanted to tell the film-makers where to shove it, but having seen the movie it's clear that they've already done so.
BAD If you think jokes about prison rapes are funny, you might enjoy this movie. If not, steer clear.
BAD Get Hard is like a flaccid dick standing with the assistance of two splints; Ferrell and Hart.
FAIR Dumb, juvenile comedy has its place when it's funny. Unfortunately, too often in Get Hard, it's not.
FAIR The combined power of Kevin Hart and Will Ferrell is enough to make Get Hard's raunchy and juvenile look at prison life a whole lot of depraved fun.
FAIR It's really nothing more than a raunchy comedy. And that's okay. It made me laugh.
BAD 'Get Hard's' affability barely outweighs its offensive stereotypes.
BAD A crude farce based on racial stereotypes, homophobia, and prison rape. Get Hard is incredibly stupid and juvenile...but I laughed, I laughed enough to recommend it.
BAD The film feels like a 100-minute prison rape joke.
BAD If the silly, juvenile double-entendre title isn't enough to warn you,...this is an enormously dispiriting movie. I'd like to see Will Ferrell devote his God-given talent to uplifting erudite comedies instead of this unfunny jejune low class junk.
BAD Comedy needn't be PC. But being offensive isn't funny, either.
BAD The director Etan Cohen neither gets the best out of his two leads nor manages to give his story much of a satirical or political kick.
FAIR It's a modestly entertaining burlesque that might have been more upsetting if it weren't at least somewhat offensive. It adeptly satirizes racism and, less successfully, homophobia.
GOOD Get Hard packs an impressive gag-rate into its fairly thin premise.
BAD With such a promising premise at its center, Get Hard could have been scathingly, satirically funny, a kind of 48 HRS meets Trading Places for moderns, but, oh, man, it's not.
BAD It trucks in stereotypes (black, white, Latino, female -- the list is long) and plays clumsily with sexuality. Still, the movie's greatest and altogether familiar sin is that it's stupid.
BAD Maybe, in a less enlightened time, Get Hard would seem like a scathing satire. As it plays today, however, it's more embarrassing than entertaining.
FAIR It can't find much of a tone, and it's neither sharply constructed, nor is it reckless or anarchic.
FAIR Comedy riffs on wealth gap, race but relies on stereotypes.
BAD It's hard to find anything remotely funny or fun about Get Hard.
GOOD One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
GOOD The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
GOOD An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
GOOD Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
BAD It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
BAD Treacly and tiresome.
FAIR More a daffy comedy than a true newspaper movie.
BAD It's clear that the writers, producers and directors don't have any idea what goes into the delivery of a child, nor how the legal system works
BAD ...a seriously underwhelming comedic endeavor that suffers from an almost total lack of genuine laughs...
FAIR This lightweight concoction about a pregnancy that throws a power couple into marital crisis is a smart, funny and raunchy surprise.
FAIR Despite its nods to convention, this fairy tale has little artifice: like Alice, it's a Gallic product that's stylish, not slick.
BAD Another well-upholstered but cheap exercise in luxe pandering that fails as romantic farce.
BAD Parece apenas interessado em lancar o meme dos "Lolcatz" como genero cinematografico.
BAD Nobody but July could have made a film so defiantly insufferable.
FAIR July's new film isn't as witty or touching as her debut but she still manages in her off-kilter way to say something original about her characters' hopes and fears and illusions... but viewers with an aversion for whimsy should probably steer well clear.
GOOD Many viewers, especially her detractors, can't see the forest for the twee in July's films. That's certainly true of "The Future" - but burrow down past the creepy-cutesy touches, and you find a film that's painfully real.
BAD You end up feeling sorry for the cat but not for Sophie and Jason, who seem unable to deal with life, love or, in fact, anything.
FAIR July's film-making is a taste I have yet fully to acquire, but she has a distinctive vision, a style, placed before you on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. I took it.
BAD July, who gave us the lovably odd Me and You and Everyone We Know, has layered on so much self-conscious whimsy - monologues from the cat, dialogues with the moon and other dashes of magical realism - that the central drama struggles to be heard.
GOOD A playfully self-aware dig at the emptiness of some modern lifestyles that will make you check your own.
FAIR I've seen The Future...and it's not bad at all.
FAIR Not a crowd-pleaser by any measure, but a mature, bold and recklessly inquisitive film, however unpleasant it is to consume in the moment.
FAIR July's romantic fantasy of stagnation and romantic drift has depths, but they're hidden behind walls of kookiness.
GOOD July's second film, while not quite as perfectly realised as her debut, nimbly avoids the 'sophomore slump', providing the curious with another window into her highly idiosyncratic world.
GOOD It's easy to be distracted by the talking cat or the talking moon, but they are merely wallpaper over a yawning chasm of panic and disappointment.
BAD Provides plenty of material for July junkies as well as July detractors.
FAIR What a strange, trippy, touching movie The Future is.
FAIR July is a provocative and honorably independent filmmaker, but given the meager rewards of investing our time, "The Future" wasn't worth the wait.
BAD At times - not all the time, just enough to notice - July gets it backward.
GOOD Not everything about "The Future" works. But most of it does, in a quietly powerful way.
GOOD Yes, it's creative and well done, but it finally left a bitter taste and I found it utterly depressing.
BAD The Future is a drab dramedy about thirtysomethings flailing about for self-definition.
FAIR A heartbreaking journey of defeat and loss.
FAIR You may have heard that a cat narrates "The Future" and, yes, that sounds like it would be deadly. But it isn't.
FAIR The actors are quite engaging, in their mopey way.
GOOD July likes her rhythms to shuffle, her beats to go long. She is the master of sideways portent - the small act with big ramifications.
GOOD Seeded in equal measure with playfulness and poignancy, The Future is a reflection on the accumulated burdens of generational anxiety, as filtered through a quasi-Dadaist, quasi-Absurdist sensibility.
BAD ...the suffocatingly nonsensical atmosphere [ensures] that even July's fans will be left scratching their heads on an progressively frequent basis.
FAIR A talking cat and moon and a restless T-shirt distract from the story, creating what July intends as interesting textures but instead come across as a form of vandalism.
GOOD July ties together these three characters' search for love, their desperate craving for contact, in a beautifully devastating narrative that employs time, space, and perception as simple props.
FAIR Offbeat, clever and filled with strange little narrative touches, The Future is often just as irritating as it is mesmerizing.
FAIR It can definitely grate on your nerves but, at best, it also gets into your mind, and sticks fast.
FAIR With wit and unsettling strangeness, "The Future" takes a sitcom premise - two skittish 35-year-olds adopting a sick and injured cat in order to tiptoe into the responsibilities of adulthood - and gives it a radical, otherworldly twist.
GOOD The zaniest of the Panther movies.
GOOD In my book, THE best of the "Pink Panthers"; Sellers is quite hilarious.
GOOD Clouseau finally sends Dreyfus over the edge in what's one of the funniest entries in the series.
FAIR a doomsday device that makes things go away, i think
FAIR The most enjoyable of the '70s Pink Panther sequels.
GOOD Infectiously enthusiastic
FAIR The comedy is broader and more cartoonish than before, but it is as funny as ever.
FAIR An adequate showcase for Peter Sellers' talent, and absolutely nothing more.
FAIR Show People is a classic of its type, certainly more entertaining than The Artist, which recycled the same material to considerably diminished effect.
FAIR Interesting Hearst-backed production starring Davies and other big stars of the era.
BAD Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
GOOD Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
GOOD Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
FAIR Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
FAIR Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
GOOD Truly enchanting.
GOOD [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
GOOD If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
FAIR The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
GOOD What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
GOOD To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
BAD Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
GOOD "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
FAIR It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
FAIR Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
FAIR If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
GOOD An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
GOOD "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
GOOD masterful and unique
GOOD It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
GOOD This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
GOOD A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
GOOD The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
GOOD The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
GOOD Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
BAD First released three decades ago, this self-produced portrait of Frank Ripploh's excursions into Berlin's gay world is curiously sexless seen in 2011.
GOOD Three decades ago, this was seen as a challenging "issue" movie. Now it looks more like a daring, acid black comedy filmed on the hoof.
GOOD A loving document of pre-Aids Berlin, and a touching comedy about the human desire for and struggle to achieve intimacy.
GOOD Now, post-Aids, the film is a museum piece, but nonetheless enjoyable. Sadly, after making an unsuccessful sequel, Ripploh faded from view.
GOOD This isn't a moral tale: it's rather a frank and open appraisal of the German gay scene of the time, sometimes roughly made yet invested with humour and irony.
GOOD A refreshingly non-judgemental and amusing portrait of homosexuality in the pre-AIDS era, Taxi Zum Klo matter-of-factly addresses the mundane and the perverse.
GOOD If you can stomach the rectal probing, this is a fierce and funny dissection of a life lived on the edge.
GOOD With echoes of the 1978 UK film Nighthawks, this milestone movie traces the increasingly messy life of a Berlin schoolteacher who cruises for sex after hours. And it has relevant things to say about relationships today.
GOOD [A] strong current of humour belies a serious engagement with the general, perhaps intractable problem of whether our impulses toward intimacy and unaccountability can ever be reconciled.
FAIR Interesting and daring, but rarely moving in any significant way.
BAD Click to read review
BAD It's also curious to note that this film, like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust, is easily as bad at a fraction the budget.
BAD The movie, directed by Mick Jackson, leaves no cliche unturned, from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting.
BAD ...a flat, poorly-conceived idealized romance between two less-than-captivating protagonists.
BAD Christopher Guest must be spinning in his bed.
BAD Full Grown Men might work better if the audience was given a reason to feel even a small sliver of sympathy for Alby
BAD Full Grown Men doesn't even make childhood seem like all that much fun.
FAIR Full Grown Men is an artistically integrated film that introduces a refreshing new talent to the independent scene, one who combines the visual palette of filmmaker Harmony Korine with an all-important sense of narrative.
BAD Hasn't got a joke worth laughing over.
BAD Friedlander offers a nicely subtle performance, but the other actors -- including Alan Cumming, Deborah Harry and Amy Sedaris -- appear to have turned up as a favor to the director. Don't feel obliged to follow their lead.
BAD Wears a bit thin even at its brief length.
FAIR It's dramatically unsatisfying.
BAD Full Grown Men is nicely photographed and has impressive sets; too bad there's so little going on that it seems long even at 78 minutes.
BAD The candy-colored Full Grown Men wants to be a kind of anti-Wizard of Oz for a culture inundated with toys and toons.
BAD As an audience member, you want to like your lead, or at least find something redeeming in him.
BAD A good idea does not a movie make. ... Full Grown Men is a comedy that forgot to be funny and a drama that had trouble getting to its points.
FAIR The relationship between the stunted Alby and the mature Elias is funny and real.
FAIR "It's just so overflowing with ideas and characters that the main point it's trying to make nearly eludes it."
FAIR Richard Curtis' movies are classics but this one is not.
BAD It never once questions our protagonist's manipulation of time and people, and seems to think one can enjoy a life of true happiness...built upon some pretty serious lies. Creepy, actually.
GOOD There are those who, upon finding a plot hole in a film, allow it to ruin the movie. I'm not among them.'About Time' is flawed, with numerous plot holes. But it's beautifully told, wonderfully acted and touching enough to bring viewers to tears.
GOOD This complete charmer of a movie delighted me from start to finish. In fact, About Time may well be the two most purely pleasurable hours I've spent in the cinema all year.
FAIR In the end, it's a charmer. For those of you who have liked Curtis' previous rom-coms, come along for a lovely joyride...
FAIR Typical Richard Curtis fare, with a time travel twist.
GOOD Brilliantly written and well directed by Curtis (this is his third film behind the camera), "About Time" is just another jewel in his crown as the reigning romantic comedy king.
FAIR It's about time so it's a bit convoluted. It's too long but not a bad rom-com.
FAIR About Time is a solid tale about love, loss, and family with great performances - that leans on a compelling but sometimes problematic time-travel premise.
FAIR It's sweet and charming and utterly preposterous and, despite the trailers, it's not as much of a love story as you might think. Or at least, not that kind of love story.
GOOD It's smart and sweet and unabashedly sentimental. But it's also the kind of movie that - in spite of its faults - strikes a bright, resonant wind-chime of a note.
BAD Eventually undone both by the flimsiness of its own sci-fi conceit and by Curtis' struggle to build fully realized characters other than Tim.
BAD For all its little pleasures, About Time just adds a level of magical realism to his typical themes that doesn't make love feel any more magical or any more real.
FAIR In addition to its sharp/sweet dialogue, the movie's success rests with the radiant dorkiness of leads Gleeson and McAdams, as well as the quirky supporting cast.
GOOD The wisdom in Richard Curtis' film is simple and sentimental. But it's still wisdom.
FAIR There's a lot of comic and fantasy potential here, but much of it gets squandered.
FAIR Funny & Sweet
GOOD ...one of the best movies of its type to come around in a great long while.
GOOD One of those movies that we often hear "isn't really science fiction because it's about people" but the time travel element gets us to the truths Curtis wants to reveal.
FAIR You may as well check your cynicism at the door, because Curtis & Co. are going to find a way to trample all over it - adorably.
BAD With more attention to detail, this could have worked, but the time travel aspects are so badly executed that the movie as a whole falters and eventually rips apart at the seams.
FAIR As long as [Curtis] doesn't make any more films about radio stations on boats then he and I are going to get along fine until one of us dies
FAIR The characters are really loveable and their relationships are delightfully old-fashioned and touching.
FAIR It's been a while since I've seen a film as unabashedly and forcibly sentimental as Richard Curtis's About Time.
GOOD About Time is writer/director Richard Curtis campaigning the audience to cherish every single second of our fleeting existence. Yes we can.
FAIR Later, the film's message reveals itself to be: "Live every day as though it had a soundtrack by Coldplay." Take that, and the rest of the film, as cynically or as idealistically as you choose.
BAD It's all so perfect and sparkly that Curtis would rather not break the mood with drama or plot.
GOOD It almost ignores its central time travel concept and instead focuses on an unbridled joy in love. Can that get too sweet and sugary? Of course, but sometimes a dose of sweet and sugary is perfectly welcome.
GOOD Rachel McAdams and a captivating performance by romantic lead Domhnall Gleeson, a nice time warp story, and wonderful music; who could ask for anything more?
GOOD The movie moves episodically, leisurely, through roughly a decade, and that feels like a gift: to nestle in with these extraordinary, ordinary people and get to know them.
FAIR At once cuddly, entertaining and shameless.
BAD A soap opera of babies, poignant moments, minor crises, and lessons about savouring each day.
BAD As interesting as the message is with this film, it is equally as hypocritical of the movie industry to shake its finger at fads, trendsetters and materialistic nonsense.
FAIR Even with decent turns from the leads, and a usefully soulful one from Gary Cole as a neighbor inclined to do the proverbial keeping up, the film can't always manage to justify itself as an actual movie instead of merely a clever concept.
FAIR A darkly comical satire about affluence might seem a bit ill-timed during a global recession. But a strong cast makes this film very watchable, even as it slips into melodrama.
FAIR Borte, directing his first film, does a smooth, confident job, so that even though the set-up isn't quite plausible you're happy to go along with it.
GOOD Think of it as an inverted Truman Show, with David Duchovny and Demi Moore as yuppified secret salesmen hawking an idealized suburban lifestyle while incognito.
BAD Way to kill that dark comedy you were going for.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD A missed opportunity from 2010 that could have been so timely and brilliant that it's almost painful to watch.
FAIR Taken at surface level, The Joneses does succeed in presenting its attack on consumerism; and for that alone it sparks up talking points and will leave you to think about exactly why you bought the model of car or mobile phone you did.
BAD Plays it far too safe and ends up not saying anything at all.
FAIR Exceptionally thoughtful, not only in terms of consumerism, but when considering the value of compassion as well. Worth your hard earned money, no strings attached.
BAD We know by now that blatant, senseless consumption is bad, harmful even. But the biggest surprise about The Joneses is its skillful avoidance of any meaning or significance whatsoever.
FAIR A fine, sneaky satire ... undercut by an awful ending, one that smells as if someone (a corporation perhaps?) got their hands on it.
FAIR The film's fatal flaw is Borte's refusal to give his satire the darker, uncomfortable edge it needs to give his lesson some impact.
FAIR This cautionary tale depicts consumers who believe they deserve stuff, whether or not they can pay for it. Rarely is this kind of truth seen onscreen in such a subtle and entertaining film.
FAIR Every now and then a small, intelligent, quietly thought-provoking film slips through the Hollywood studios' net and prompts the thought, How did this ever get made?
FAIR It's a fine idea that could have made for a devastating critique of consumerism had Borte chosen to follow it through to a cynical, nihilistic conclusion.
FAIR An intriguing and timely satire about the increasingly insidious ways consumer culture tries to keep us spending even when we can't afford it.
GOOD A breezy satire on consumerism that takes a smart idea and develops it into an entertaining morality tale.
BAD It's a brilliant premise but wretchedly executed, as product placement becomes more important than the sly inherent satire of consumer conformity.
FAIR You could probably find similar suburban developments, and similar people living in them, in most if not all U.S. states and that jibes perfectly with the spirit of this film.
FAIR Here is a smart, entertaining satire on greed and materialism among America's leisured classes.
FAIR Any anti-materialistic movie from Hollywood - spiritual home of furtive product placement and dodgy role-models - deserves commendation for at least pretending to have its heart in the right place.
BAD It's not a bad idea, but just as you think you're watching a biting consumer satire, the plot instead descends into melodrama and soap operatics.
FAIR The Joneses never makes it into full on satire but is smart and clear enough in its setup not to have to spell out a message in some soapy conclusion.
BAD Interesting if not entirely successful.
FAIR Borte's conceit is a fun one to be in on, but basically too synthetic to have the satirical bite it wants -- it's more a playful fantasy of consumerist whim than an edgy expose.
FAIR A meta-satire that doesn't quite come off.
GOOD Ordinarily, I wouldn't have crossed the road to see Moore and Duchovny together, but their relationship works both before and after the film's outragous left-field twist.
GOOD Making good use of its excellent premise, this flawed gem deserves to find an audience.
GOOD The film doesn't just have its cake and eat it. It makes you want to upgrade that cake to a chic Laduree macaroon.
GOOD A seamless debut feature for Derrick Borte as writer, director and producer.
FAIR Moore and Duchovny's on-screen connection is sizzling and both stars excel in unravelling their hard-bitten characters' fragility.
BAD A good idea and good acting are ruined by a craven Hollywood Ending.
GOOD Hugely enjoyable and cleverly written, this is an impressively directed, thought-provoking comedy-drama with a pair of pitch-perfect performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.
FAIR There's a nicely cynical streak at the heart of The Joneses, until Borte goes soft and lets the audience off the hook.
GOOD Mr. Borte conjures up a pleasant Stepford that runs less on robotic conformity than on endless, anxious competition. The key to the film is that it allows this life to have some real appeal.
GOOD One of the best and simplest ideas for a film in a long time. It's too bad the ending doesn't compare with the rest of the film, but still a good time.
GOOD as slick as the sales philosophy of its characters tempered with a palpable anger at what Madison Avenue hath wrought
FAIR Writer-director Derrick Borte makes an impressive film debut that takes advantage of a familiarity with marketing consumer goods and seductive advertising.
FAIR A satire that pokes fun of the ruses that corporations are willing to undertake in order to get more people purchasing their products.
FAIR Evil, even evil that doesn't even realize how evil it is, has rarely looked so everyday.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never far from redoubtable moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland. Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't too serious to throw in an occasional gag. Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
BAD Taking place in a scary netherworld where up is down, black is white, and Steve Guttenberg, Rodney Dangerfield, Lori Loughlin, Pauly Shore, and Richard Moll still have careers.
GOOD Homenageando a cinematografia japonesa atraves de um bom exercicio metalinguistico, o filme conta tambem com otimas atuacoes (especialmente de Matsuzaka, lindissima) e um desfecho inteligente.
BAD A total embarrassment; not Nimoy's best work behind the camera.
FAIR Movies don't get much more meta than this: a film about a screenwriter worried about writing a rom-com script because he's never been in love...
FAIR Playing It Cool is perfectly adequate date-night fare, but it would have benefited from stretching its legs and seeing more of the world.
BAD Playing it Cool has appeal. But it is just not good enough to unsettle the rom-com genre and get people really talking, laughing and loving.
BAD Relying too much on fantasy sequences and obvious from the first scenes in intent and conclusion, it's puzzling why Evans misses so badly.
BAD A simplistic and utterly-predictable morality tale.
BAD A few good scenes, a few solid messages...But he's such a dull dramatist and boring actor that the message isn't delivered.
FAIR ... smoothly entertaining. Eventually, though, Perry is undone by his own deft cliches, and he doesn't know when to stop ...
FAIR In terms of Perry's oeuvre it's surprisingly light on the cheesy melodrama.
FAIR It's in the upper half of Perry's filmography, at any rate, both in terms of conceptual rigor and execution.
BAD Tyler Perry is no Douglas Sirk.
BAD The melodramatic film has numerous light and comical touches, and the performances are uniformly good. The film's pace, however, has the consistency of molasses.
FAIR An entertaining film with Perry in the lead, but the acting honors are stolen by the supporting cast
BAD A ridiculously redemptive finale negates almost all of the preceding dramatic tension and resurrects a cloying Richard Marx chestnut to boot.
BAD 'Message' movie lacks humor to draw in teens.
BAD Whose life, Wesley asks in the movie's narration, is he living? Judging from all the sterile office and apartment space and his mile-long face, I'd say Bruce Willis's in "The Sixth Sense.''
BAD There aren't a lot of laughs in "Good Deeds," and it could have used more of them.
BAD Good Deeds honors goodness, which isn't at all a bad thing, and it's not without moments of genuine feeling. But by the film's end, after watching a seemingly infinite number of dour close-ups of sober self-evaluation, I felt bludgeoned.
FAIR [Tyler Perry's Wesley] is Prince Charming for a prospective audience of women who are less enchanted by rippling abs than by kindness and responsibility.
FAIR Perry's considerate plotting is deliberate, perhaps even overlong, but with an attuned sense of people's evolving feelings and relationships.
FAIR decent
BAD Drowning in tedious exposition, much of which is devoted to affirming the obvious.
BAD Every Perry movie has its highs and lows. This time, the highs are a little higher, and the lows not quite so low.
BAD Tyler Perry has finally achieved an odd kind of equality that heretofore eluded him: he's now just as mediocre and middle of the road as any other reliable hitmaker in Hollywood.
FAIR Although the script is flawed and filled with melodramatic moments that warrant laughter, Perry's loyal fan base will be engaged by this "Pretty Woman" meets "The Pursuit of Happyness" mash and leave theaters entertained.
BAD Good Deeds is more proof that Perry is a crude dramatist.
BAD I never thought I'd say it, but I miss Madea.
BAD A melodramatic slog riddled with laughable dialogue that wouldn't hold a made-for-TV-movie audience past the first commercial break.
GOOD Another compelling Tyler Perry parable delivering a priceless message about what really matters most.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood? First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never allowed to really get angry with the kids, which severely hampers the comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film. Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel. I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's major events are very funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a great film, but it'll do. Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the worst part of this disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't pack the same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer. That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't be funny in small doses drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet? The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never passes up an opportunity to insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists. Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR ... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way. The diversions are kind of where it's at.
FAIR While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one is making iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
BAD Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
FAIR Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never completed his shooting script... But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
FAIR For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
GOOD Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
BAD There's no doubt that Anderson is an inventive filmmaker bursting with ideas. The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
FAIR Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
BAD Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
GOOD Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't. It works for me beautifully...
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
FAIR The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best. In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
FAIR magnificent display of talents not weaved into coherent story
GOOD Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
FAIR There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
BAD Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
FAIR Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecitta like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath. He makes one hell of a splash.
GOOD Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
GOOD Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
FAIR Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many. On this evidence, he's not quite there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
GOOD Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
GOOD The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
BAD Well, this is a painful review to write. The film is a mess. The really odd occurrences are just that...odd. They have no resonance.
BAD There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
BAD I really don't know what to make of this movie, other than to say that it was definitely the least impressive addition to Anderson's filmography so far.
FAIR 'That Thing You Do!' has an air of nostalgia and likeable characters that make us believe their story and their time, and a strong narrative backbeat to power this light musical comedy.
FAIR Sweet, sleepy take on flash-in-the-pan '60s band.
GOOD A movie as catchy and likable as the title song.
FAIR Whereas Dances With Wolves was an epic cultural tract, That Thing You Do! is a piece of entertaining bubblegum which, like its director, making his feature directorial debut, is high on charm and style.
FAIR A barely there-tale of rock 'n' roll dreams, driven by the infectious title tune.
GOOD With its exuberant tempo and danceable Beatlesque theme song, That Thing You Do will win the hearts of a broad audience.
FAIR Uma historia simples, contada de maneira tambem simples, que acaba agradando por suas boas intencoes.
BAD Hanks sacrificed character complexity, but at least some period details are right.
GOOD An amusing directorial debut by Hanks
FAIR Short on substance but long on charm, That Thing You Do! is a lively, entertaining fable about a makeshift rock 'n' roll band that enjoys a brief moment of fame in the summer of 1964.
FAIR Mr. Hanks's debut feature, written and directed with delightful good cheer, is rock-and-roll nostalgia presented as pure fizz.
GOOD Tom Hanks' writing-directing debut is a sweet valentine to rock 'n' roll.
FAIR Hanks has crafted a highly entertaining film. It's young cast are all superb
BAD passable entertainment, but still trite and superficial
GOOD Hanks or no Hanks this gem of a movie is definitely worth the time.
FAIR Without hauling in a lot of deep meanings, it remembers with great warmth a time and a place.
FAIR That Thing You Do! is a credible first effort.
BAD ...is a pleasant film perfect for a brain-dead matinee.
FAIR ...the film has a contagiously exuberant atmosphere, and you'll most likely leave the theater happily humming the title tune.
FAIR You will likely leave the theater feeling happy for no particular reason.
FAIR It may be too happy and sweet for the cynical crowd, sort of a "have a nice day" movie, but if feel good films are your fancy it would be hard to go wrong with this one.
FAIR It's a pleasant little film with a big profile, thanks to Tom Hanks, who wrote and directed and gave himself a plum role as the band's hard-nosed manager.
FAIR Has all the qualities you would associate with the most beloved screen actor of the moment: fun, lively, and oh-so-nice.
FAIR Hanks has good "Thing" going.
FAIR In his first effort at directing a feature film, Hanks chooses his material wisely and writes it with witty, beguiling charm.
FAIR ...a larky but observant comedy.
GOOD Cool Runnings is a charming tale of determined underdogs, with plenty of laughs, moments of real tension, and five engaging performances.
FAIR Delightful, tween-friendly story of Jamaican bobsledders.
FAIR Cool Runnings doesn't even rate a bronze medal as either sports film or comedy.
GOOD One of Candy's best as coach of an Olympic bobsled team.
GOOD A energia do elenco e a inspiradora premissa (baseada em fatos reais) convencem o espectador a ignorar os varios cliches e a torcer desesperadamente pelos bravos jamaicanos.
FAIR Entertaining and uplifting.
FAIR While the film is cute and charming, it isn't without its copious cliches. All in all, it's pretty much as expected.
GOOD In the tradition of Mighty Ducks, here's another great Rocky story from Disney.
FAIR A cute, buoyant sports fantasy, jolted along by a reggae soundtrack and playfully acted by an appealing cast.
FAIR Better than it looks. I know, it shocked me too.
BAD Often silly but almost never funny.
BAD Entirely mediocre and forgettable
FAIR The setting and characters were so unique that the film quickly overcame its shortcomings to become a very satisfying piece of movie entertainment.
GOOD The considerable warmth, humour and persistence of the cast soon have you rooting for these underdogs.
FAIR It's a film about success coming from hard work and determination, and it's a film I would be glad to take a family to see. That's a rarity, and it's worth praise on its own level.
FAIR If you like underdog movies, you might like this one. Especially if you haven't seen very many.
BAD A film we could live without, inspired by an original that was anything but essential.
BAD Yields the dispiriting insight that Hollywood can't even make credible rabble-rousing junk any more.
FAIR This edition of Yard has a lighter feel than the original -- well, considering it's a movie about prison inmates.
BAD The new film keeps about 90% of the original story and even some of the original lines of dialogue, yet the changes it makes are all misguided.
FAIR Filme poco pretencioso que no busca otra cosa que no sea entretener. No pasara a la historia, pero por lo menos es mejor de lo que parece.
BAD The 'dumbing' down of popular media continues.
BAD If you're looking for a predictable, unoriginal, mediocre offering from the good folks over at Happy Madison, rent this puppy...
BAD Drama that's not dramatic enough and comedy that's not funny enough.
FAIR A worthy remake and companion piece to the Reynolds film.
BAD Never have I seen a movie so unashamedly aimed at demographics.
BAD Homophobia, sexism, racism, ageism and OJ-ism pound against genre clichA (C)s as weathered as Reynolds' skin, bludgeoning you into submission.
BAD Adam Sandler, of course, is no Burt Reynolds. But then neither is Burt Reynolds these days, judging by his performance as the team's crusty mentor.
BAD The film looks fine, but [Segal] never even tries to make something out of this thin material.
BAD Environmentalists will tell you that recycling is a good thing but the Adam Sandler vehicle The Longest Yard goes out of its way to prove otherwise.
BAD Three decades after the original, all the rough edges have been sanded off, and the film has been given the obvious, spoonfed approach of a Hollywood summer movie.
BAD I was never bored, but I wasn't necessarily entertained either. Mine was a sociological interest. What's going on?
BAD The violent nature of the penal system is presented in such a cartoonish fashion that when the movie suddenly veers into reality, it is an awkward transition.
BAD After a handful of McThis and McThat jokes, it becomes blatantly clear that we have a movie unwilling to take a single risk.
BAD Insult comedy can be uproarious in the right hands, but here it's merely witless.
BAD With a movie like this, only laughter can distract you from the pedestrian plot, and I didn't laugh nearly enough.
BAD Segal's version is no sports-film watershed, either, but it is consistently entertaining, athletically brutal, and, more often than not, well-acted.
FAIR Glossy where the original was gritty and raw, silly where the original was scabrous, cartoonish where the original was dangerous and threatening, it aims only to be a lark.
FAIR kicks goals...Whilst Reynolds' film played it a little 'rougher', it's no less exciting here - it just plays to a more comedic tune.
BAD What was an utterly original blending of popular genres in 1974 has been refashioned as an utterly unoriginal retread of genre cliches in 2005.
FAIR Average films don't improve with time. How 'bout we quit expecting them to.
BAD Segal paces this updated version of Aldrich's playful prison yarn with all the skill of an indecisive coach roaming the sidelines without a playbook to rely on for inspiration
BAD ...inexplicably faithful to its source: pandering, puzzling and downright idiotic.
FAIR '...when Reynolds appears on screen wearing his familiar #22 jersey (he was a football star at Florida State) you just know everything is right with the world.'
FAIR When Adam Sandler throws a long hilarious, no-brainer comedy of a pass into the end zone, you know we are going to be there to catch it.
BAD As humorless, lazy and oppressively inane as anything since any one of the witless car chase movies that derailed Burt Reynolds' career not long after the original wrapped.
BAD Reynolds and, to some degree, Chris Rock are the only reasons I can think of to see this film - and even their performances are cancelled out by 45 seconds of Rob Schneider.
FAIR Seemingly the perfectly macho end for the traditional Happy Madison format.
BAD There are occasional guffaws, but none of the jokes are more amusing (or farfetched) than the premise that Adam Sandler ever played in the National Football League.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults. Maybe even another 'Babe'. Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults. Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter. Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una gran pelicula ni seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de esparcimiento familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't be garnering many devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties. Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
FAIR The film never really bloats or sags, and remains utterly pleasurable throughout its entire running time.
GOOD Hilarious, fast, funny, fresh fun for the family.
GOOD Galaxy Quest works not just as a parody or a send-up of a type of film. It works as a basic space adventure as well.
GOOD While gently spoofing the old Star Trek series and honoring it, Galaxy Quest creates and inhabits its own uniquely lovable universe.
GOOD An enormously entertaining pop-culture ride.
FAIR A hilarious spoof of Trek and Trek fandom. While Galaxy Quest could have easily taken potshots at geeks, rather the film acts as more of a celebration of these sometimes misguided devotees.
GOOD A sparkling blend of sci-fi and comedy that affectionately spoofs every Star Trek cliche known to man, Romulan, or Klingon.
GOOD Relentlessly pokes fun at the rabid fans of sci-fi geekdom and the has-been actors that they deify . . . yet gives the geeks and has-beens get a chance to become real heroes
GOOD Even if you've never seen a Gene Roddenberry creation, it's still a hoot.
GOOD Star Trek spoof boldly mocks where no one has mocked before.
FAIR An irresistibly silly, fluffy, giddy bit of fun.
FAIR The idea of actors being mistaken for their roles was used in "The Three Amigos," but "Galaxy Quest" mines the comic potential better.
FAIR Boldly going where few parodies have gone before.
GOOD A cleverly written spoof-adventure that more than rises to the occasion. Not only are the jokes dead-on, but the story and characters actually work as a decent sci-fi movie, complete with superior special effects, a grisly villain and even romance.
GOOD The entire cast is game for the ridiculous, while Stan Winston's aliens and ILM visual effects give this the gloss of a straight-faced sci-fi spectacle. Beam on up.
FAIR See it, enjoy it, and remind yourself why having fun is never a crime.
FAIR A one-joke movie that makes such good use of its one joke that it almost demands a kind of grudging admiration.
GOOD I'm still laughing.
GOOD A very funny science fiction and Trekkie spoof.
FAIR An amiable comedy that simultaneously manages to spoof these popular futuristic space adventures and replicate the very elements that have made them so durable.
FAIR In many ways, Galaxy Quest is more fantasy than science fiction. It's a lighthearted romp.
FAIR The movie's humor works best when the illogic of the TV show gets in the way.
GOOD We really come to care about the characters.
FAIR Surprisingly funny, even heartwarming.
GOOD Galaxy Quest the movie is such a thrill for true fans of Trek and the like because while it does look a bit askance at fandom, it doesn't satirize fans and the objects of their adoration so much as celebrate them.
FAIR Director Dean Parisot is willing to go more than ten seconds between gags. While this reduces the number of laughs, it substitutes quality for quantity.
FAIR Its affectionate, lighthearted laughs add a little sparkle to the holiday schedule.
FAIR A surprisingly funny comedy. Fans of the original Star Trek will be the ones who enjoy most of the film's in-jokes. But, there's something humorous in here for everyone.
FAIR Sometimes the lamest ideas translate into the funniest films, and Galaxy Quest is a perfect example of this strange paradox.
FAIR It's as bad as you would imagine, and yet it's as good as it could possibly be.
FAIR Gives us something to think about: How much of what we consider civilization -- intellectual pursuit, politics, nationalism -- relies on language?
FAIR Anni is a feisty little thing and you can't help but root for her when she challenges these two burly soldiers and gets out of the relationship exactly what she wants.
BAD A pretty good film -- a dark comedy rigorously observed -- until Rogozhkin reveals himself to be just another New Age softie.
GOOD A consistently hilarious collision of cultures and a string of misunderstandings.
FAIR A mystical fairy tale by Alexander Rogozhkin as beautiful as it is tender.
FAIR Quietly engrossing.
FAIR Rogozhkin makes nearly all of his points with surprising subtlety.
FAIR A winning piece of folk art from an isolated way of life, worth a look for those who want to see the world in all its quirky and earthy forms.
GOOD This is an engrossing film with an oddly satisfying ending of genuine pathos.
FAIR Rogozhkin's unusual film has the audacity to consider those which uplift the human spirit, as well as those that erode it.
FAIR A well-acted, mildly arresting antiwar allegory.
GOOD It's an unabashed pacifist movie that really works, emotionally and dramatically.
GOOD An incredibly brilliant piece of minimalist drama.
GOOD Beautifully acted, a pleasure to watch.
GOOD Demonstrates how little communication has to do with language. And isn't that what the greatest films show us?
FAIR If the film has a weakness, it's that it's slow. Often ponderously slow, as it chugs along with the velocity of an oil slick moving through an ice floe
FAIR A tiny jewel of a film.
FAIR An odd but very enjoyable combination of austere drama, mystical parable and saucy comedy.
FAIR Rogozhin's finely observed character studies and his cast's capable acting ... make The Cuckoo a thoughtful film more about love than war.
BAD The movie lost me in an extended dream sequence, set in the afterlife.
FAIR The small love triangle that develops contains all the human passions of love, sex, jealousy, joy and yearning, and that is a vast canvas indeed.
FAIR The primal, almost mystical, beauty of Anni's lakeside hut, surrounded by the forest and mountains, goes a long way toward sustaining the viewer in the movie's quieter moments.
FAIR A beautifully shot, modest little fable about the misunderstandings between people.
BAD The threesome's decision to keep talking to one another is a tad preposterous, playing most profitably to our "Three's Company"-whetted appetite for malapropisms.
GOOD Humanistic without being preachy or blinded by optimism about human nature.
FAIR The Russians are still burying World War II, which seems to have been almost a bigger event for them than communism. One of the interesting burial details is The Cuckoo.
FAIR [A] charmingly slender fable about love, language, sex, and enmity -- and saunas.
FAIR Thoughtful, well-acted comedy.
FAIR Cuckoo is best described as arthouse-lite.
BAD What begins as a gripping adventure, thrillingly told with virtually no dialogue, eventually becomes a rather routine parable despite the unique setting and circumstances.
BAD It has serious themes, long, wordless scenes and poetic symbolism, but all that complexity leads to a surprisingly simplistic conclusion.
GOOD Once you give into this film's odd logic, its humor and charm will win you over.
GOOD Tender, often a bit confusing in its history, but a powerful statement about war as a massive misunderstanding.
FAIR Mr. Rogozhkin maintains a good sense of blood, dirt and sweat, human elements mingled together to keep the action rooted in some degree of reality.
GOOD A tightly coiled rage seethes beneath the pretty surface of American Beauty, a wickedly funny black comedy directed by newcomer Sam Mendes.
GOOD The writing is acidically amusing without ever trying to conceal the loneliness at the heart, the direction a perfect frame for the characters and the wonderful performances that create them.
GOOD Kevin Spacey is the greatest actor of his generation, hands down, no contest.
GOOD The film is stunningly poignant, and when first time cinema director Mendes turns his hands to the serious aspects of the disintegration of human souls, the funny lurches to the profound with hardly a flicker of disruption.
GOOD With its parade of neurotics, psychotics, bigots and deceivers, American Beauty is an endlessly rewatchable black comedy.
GOOD A truly beautiful, poignant and brilliantly funny film, it doesn't get much better than this.
GOOD Alan Ball's script is a terrific piece of material, and Mendes responds directly to its subversive, provocative vision of a curdled American Dream.
FAIR Disturbing, bleak, thought-provoking.
GOOD Beauty is never less than fascinating and always visually stunning.
GOOD British theatre director Sam Mendes made an astonishing film debut with this sublime black comedy about midlife crises.
GOOD In their scathing portrayal of middle-class anxiety, screenwriter Alan Ball and director Sam Mendes create an average Joe determined to unearth the carefully buried truths of his life.
GOOD American Beauty is a profoundly satisfying piece of cinema which works its way inside you, grabs hold of your heart and simply refuses to let go.
GOOD American Beauty was a deserving best picture and Lester's rich existential journey and social commentary of modern America peels away the inauthentic and superficial to reveal the epic allure in a bleak suburbia.
BAD Cripplingly broad, with network-sitcom beats dressed in R-rated threads... [endorses] a particularly adolescent male point of view.
GOOD Powerful acting, great story, but far too mature for kids.
GOOD The flaws that exist in American Beauty are effortlessly overcome by a cast that blossoms. Spacey in particular exhibits a rare wit and gravitas with Lester's weary frowns and cutting smirks, proving his mettle in this career peak performance.
FAIR It's daring in that it sympathizes with a protagonist who's a pederast though its portrait of an American family on the brink of collapse is essentially a cartoon
GOOD An elusive and allusive work of art that won't be pinned down easily.
GOOD Recently, Happiness and Election have taken pot shots at suburban morals and ethics, but none has hit so close to the bone and so on-target as American Beauty.
BAD It's like Norman Bates getting good advice from Mother.
GOOD An incisive if over-the-top take on familial dysfunction.
GOOD Above all, "American Beauty" is about finding peace and a sense of wonder in the least likely of places, such as your inner torment or, failing that, perhaps a floating plastic bag.
GOOD Dark, intelligent, scandalous, emotional, and truthful -- one of the year's best.
BAD As the world changed in the past five years, so did the relevance of American Beauty.
GOOD Like Network in the 1970s and Ordinary People in the '80s, American Beauty is a scathing reflection of contemporary American life.
GOOD Spacey's style and delivery save the film time after time.
GOOD Planes,Trains and Automobiles is a very funny film.
GOOD One of the funniest films ever made...
GOOD A surprisingly powerful, and incredibly funny, little movie led by two terrific performances and John Hughes' razor sharp script.
GOOD The finest comedy screenplay John Hughes ever wrote.
FAIR Typically Hughes: funny, zany, silly, a little bit dull and annoying, and, eventually, a whole lot sentimental.
FAIR Expertly executed and very funny road movie that mixes physical, verbal and situational comedy to memorable and highly likeable effect.
GOOD A warm, mature offering from Hughes, with Martin's restraint a perfect counterpoint to Candy's enormous (and enormously amusing) fooling around.
GOOD What distinguishes this film from others in the genre is the undercurrent of melancholy between the laughs.
FAIR Producer-director-writer Hughes infuses his film with an appealing sense of sentiment and humanity -- not to mention many hilarious scenes.
GOOD There's plenty of big laughs in this odd-couple comedy, but the main characters are also given a number of human moments, which leads to an ending that's downright poignant.
GOOD What's amazing, especially after repeated viewings, is that both actors are playing such extremes, yet you're never annoyed by them.
GOOD Consistently funny comedy of forced relationships.
FAIR Will resonate with anyone who has been frustrated by the inconveniences of travel.
GOOD John Hughes at the peak of his powers, with two masterful comedians at theirs.
GOOD One of the few truly funny things that both Martin and Candy did.
GOOD A comic masterpiece that never goes out of style
GOOD A near-perfect comedy, featuring director John Hughes at the top of his over-sentimental game.
GOOD The late John Candy does his best work in one of the funniest films of the '80s.
GOOD One of John Hughes finest hours, and a tour-de-force for Candy and Martin.
GOOD It's a great comedy, and a deeply touching one, too.
GOOD certainly funny, but it is also a moving story that anyone who has ever recognized his or her own shortcomings will understand
FAIR It's a fine cinematic treat that doesn't demand much from a viewer, but gives back a lot, both in terms of laughter and good feeling.
GOOD It's the pathos under the boisterous, noisy comedy that helps fuel its continuing popularity today.
FAIR Hughes has written and directed (he also produced) a perfectly balanced comedy that squeezes every last laugh out of a concept so simple you wouldn't think it could possibly succeed.
GOOD The movies that last, the ones we return to, don't always have lofty themes or Byzantine complexities. Sometimes they last because they are arrows straight to the heart.
GOOD This is Adam Sandler at his best, and his latest films are cheap grabs at what once came so easily to him.
FAIR Young teens will like brash, immature humor.
BAD The film should have featured more absurd and nonsensical elements.
FAIR When you get that Sandler's comedic persona is meant to be annoying, like Beavis and Butthead or Cartman, the laughs come thick and fast.
GOOD A vintage specimen of a master at the apex of his talents.
BAD Duh-m Sandler, typical fare for him
GOOD Sandler's best. Edgy, satirical, bizarre and surreal.
BAD Typical Sandler
FAIR Better than it deserves to be.
BAD So ha uma coisa pior do que os habituais trejeitos (nada engracados) de Adam Sandler: os roteiros que este escreve - e o segredo de seu sucesso nas bilheterias e um misterio maior do que o paradeiro de Jimmy Hoffa.
FAIR The best film Sandler has done. Wildy funny and appropriately over the top.
FAIR Okay, the plot is inane, but it's the basis of a series of really funny scenes.
FAIR Adam Sandler being a total idiot for an hour and a half. Good fun.
FAIR Idiotic, amateurish - and really, really funny.
BAD Yet another forgettable and asinine entry into the Adam Sandler oeuvre, Billy Madison is ridiculous and stupid yet, ashamedly, made me laugh from time to time.
BAD Billy Madison is a sorry excuse for a movie, and director Davis and star Sandler should be very embarrassed.
FAIR Throwaway plot but enough funny "Sandler moments" to satisfy anyone looking for some strange, cheap laughs.
BAD While the kids may sing a storm when at last they get down to mixing Beethoven, gospel and rap, in the good clean fun department this is monumentally weak and derivative.
BAD A slapdash affair, with paper-thin plotting and characters more or less redeemed by some winning musical sequences.
BAD Enough already! Nun more, please. And "cute" is not the descriptive word here.
BAD Unwatchable.
BAD lame, stupid sequel
BAD The sequel suffers from a lame, saccharine premise and a fatally earnest manner.
BAD Should've left the first one alone
BAD As for Goldberg herself, there is similarly little for her to do, and she looks bored.
BAD It's clear that no one's creative juices were really flowing on this project. Not even trickling.
BAD This is another one of those dreary retreads about a bunch of kids with no faith in themselves, and about how an inspiring teacher coaches them into the State Finals, where they upset the snobs from the rich school.
BAD It's kind of frightening that it took three writers to come up with this "plot".
GOOD The humour, the pathos, the tension - even the blooming soundtrack - all conspire to ensure that the tale of a teenager traveling back 30 years to ensure his parents meet and ultimately mate can, given its vintage, now be fairly described as a classic.
GOOD Zemeckis and Gale... give us two priceless scenes in which the young time-traveler simply regards his parents-to-be with wonderment, delight and empathy. And we cannot help but share that emotion and relate it to our own lives.
GOOD It was, is and always will be a true Hollywood classic.
GOOD Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
GOOD '80s time-travel favorite has laughs, romance, action.
GOOD an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
GOOD Back to the Future is one of the best popcorn movies ever made. It's ingenuity, time-traveling twist ups and wonderfully vibrant characters resonate in ways few films ever achieve.
GOOD A little more sophistication would have been no bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.
GOOD Delightful and sophisticated to a degree beyond the dreams of today's movies in similar vein.
GOOD Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.
GOOD The counter-Freudian drama is handled with easy wit and flair, like a Shakespearian disguise comedy, and it made a whopping star of Fox.
GOOD This irresistible combination of dazzling effects and sly comedy propelled Michael J Fox to stardom and Robert Zemeckis to the front rank of Hollywood directors.
GOOD This film is WASTED on kids.
GOOD Boasts probably the tightest screenplay of any film in Zemeckis's body of work.
GOOD Thompson's funny, carnal performance forces us all to face an ugly truth: once, our moms might have been prowling teens too.
GOOD Probably the most carefully-scripted blockbuster in Hollywood history.
GOOD To put it bluntly: if you don't like Back To The Future, it's difficult to believe that you like films at all.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis's direction, like the technical contributions, is first-rate, and after an ambling start takes off into frenetic, non-stop fun.
GOOD An unqualified success, boasting an incredibly sharp screenplay and tons of appeal.
GOOD A classic adventure that holds up perfectly today.
GOOD Technically, no film is impossible to like, but this techno-romantic comedy comes about as close as you can get.
FAIR An unusual time travel flick about a gifted match-maker.
FAIR Part II was better, but that's just me. The first one is a fun romp too.
GOOD One of the most purely entertaining blockbusters of the 1980s
GOOD One of the best of the 1980s comedies. A career highlight for Michael J. Fox.
GOOD infectiously silly and fun time-travel comedy. Lloyd and Fox are a great team.
GOOD Probably the most fun Zemeckis has given the world. It's okay, I'm paying him a compliment.
GOOD A hilarious romp of time travel, sentimentality and, surprisingly, some genuine suspense
BAD Too cute, too clever, too damn smug.
GOOD One of the best film's ever made. Romantic, Funny, Action-Packed and Vivacious. Michael J.Fox and Christopher Lloyd are amazing.
GOOD I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not refrain my feeling that this is a bona fide masterpiece.
GOOD A masterpiece!
GOOD Great performances, clever concept, deft direction, lotsa laughs, and some real heart & soul. A true Popcorn Classic.
GOOD Few movies have reached this level of light comic perfection. It's the perfect blend of the novelty of the 1950's and the comic angst of adolescence.
FAIR one-half a very bad movie and one-half a very good movie
GOOD Sure, [Back to the Future II] has a clunky first act - which takes place in a hilariously overblown futuristic society - but the film knows just how, and when, to entertain us, and it does so in spades.
FAIR Lackluster yet benign time-travel sequel.
GOOD Taken as a pair, the first two films ask a number of unresolved and unresolvable questions about causality, order, and intention; and taken as a pair, they're also a hell of a lot of fun.
FAIR The one thing the film got right was the crushed effect the media's growing omnipresence has had on human existence.
FAIR See website for more details.
FAIR Solidly entertaining.
BAD An ambitious film that fails to recreate the warmth or excitment of the first Back To The Future.
FAIR There are definitely aspects of laziness to the script--jokes which haven't been fully considered, simpleminded characterizations, subplots which have no life outside of the narrative--but at the same time the movie has a spirit of exploration and daring,
FAIR The film works best through its magnificent technical achievements (the visual effects received an Oscar nomination) and the inherent charm of Fox, Lloyd and, especially, the delightfully menacing Thomas F. Wilson.
GOOD The relatively quaint and simple time travel arc from BTTF gets far more confusing and, in some ways, more fulfilling.
BAD A weak, convoluted attempt to cash in on the original's charms.
GOOD It manages to be giddily and merrily mind-boggling rather than confusing.
FAIR Unfortunately, the story is not as novel or as funny the second time around.
GOOD Uneven but still enjoyable, delivers a darker scenario than the ending of the first film would imply.
BAD More frantic, noisy, and overproduced than funny
GOOD Doesn't surpass the original, but tosses a whole lot of gee-whiz gizmos and concepts at the screen. It's a whole lot of fun.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 2' e uma continuacao a altura do original e merece ser visto - antes que o velho Biff altere tudo novamente.
FAIR The film ultimately relies on too many cheesy make-up routines in which characters play their older (and female!) selves which makes it not exactly the best movie in this series.
GOOD The idea and the execution is so good that you could applaud.
FAIR The movie is fun, mostly because it's so screwy.
GOOD Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
FAIR avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
GOOD Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
FAIR Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
BAD It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
GOOD A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
GOOD A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
FAIR Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
FAIR Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us quite as much as the original.
GOOD Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
BAD Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
GOOD The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never got old.
FAIR The new film not only spoofs westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
FAIR Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy. Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
GOOD The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark. The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
FAIR It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
FAIR Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
GOOD Not as tremendous as the first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
BAD Messy movie. Not much for teens here.
FAIR The love story is ill-served by all directly involved.
BAD Gets bogged down in the kind of tangled-web humor that should have died out with Three's Company.
BAD As a moviegoer, I never dreamed I would yearn for Leslie Nielsen.
FAIR Eventually, the movie reaches a point where sheer plot contrivance is the only way out, and a lot of steam is lost when the FBI gets involved and the actual wedding ceremony approaches.
BAD Preposterously convoluted plot twists!
BAD Grant should consider hypnotic therapy to help him forget Mickey Blue Eyes!
FAIR Didn't they already make this movie about 100 times already?
FAIR This is a movie that takes Hugh's charm as a granted and makes a good argument for its point of view.
BAD Any film that has twenty minutes in which the only humor stems from Hugh Grant's inability to say such Mafioso terms as 'fuggedaboutit'--that is a movie with problems.
BAD A poorly plotted muddle!
BAD Mickey Blue Eyes has most of the ingredients in place for another one of those married-to-the-mob comedies, but the central character has to hold it together, and Hugh Grant is wrong for the role.
FAIR Grant is always a pleasure to watch, and Caan looks like he's having the time of his life!
GOOD Fall-down funny - on par with Notting Hill, South Park, and Austin Powers 2 as one of the best comedies of the summer.
FAIR It's got flavor, but it's not especially fresh.
BAD the goods are a day late and a dollar short -- how apropos of the film itself.
GOOD With a script loaded with sharp lines delivered with punch and direction that paces the material superbly, Mickey Blue Eyes proves that even Hollywood's love for scripts about the mob need not be circular - filed as antiquated.
FAIR Mickey Blue Eyes delivers more than enough crowd pleasing humor!
FAIR It's tough to make a case denying that Mickey Blue Eyes is of passable entertainment value, but it's equally difficult to argue that it offers anything fresh or inspired.
FAIR The writing is congruously witty and smart, and the successful humor really is worth the price of admission.
FAIR Caan, Grant and Tripplehorn give good, solid performances as the leads.
GOOD An incredibly fascinating, star-making film that never fails to intrigue.
GOOD Donnie Darko is a bit like a teenager: brooding, complex, rebellious, and difficult to comprehend.
GOOD Maybe Richard Kelly's fate is to be the cult-film circuit's Michael Cimino. He has yet to match the mood or magnitude of his debut - a collision of time-travel sci-fi, commentary on '80s malaise and teen angst that's simultaneously witty and poignant.
GOOD The drowsy surrealism and elaborate inconclusiveness of Donnie Darko will simultaneously guarantee it a rabid cult and put it way off limits to the don't-get-its.
BAD You either love it or hate it. For those who loved it, I have only one word: overrated.c
GOOD Donnie Darko ranks among Gattaca, Pi and Dark City for pure imagination -- and surpasses them for astonishing execution.
GOOD If you believe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Anya, there's something very malevolent about bunnies.
GOOD Em seu longa-metragem de estreia, Richard Kelly prova ser nao apenas um roteirista repleto de imaginacao, mas tambem um diretor inteligente e talentoso - e Jake Gyllenhaal e um ator fascinante.
GOOD A mini-masterpiece that marks the arrival of brave new talents in Gyllenhaal and Kelly. Cult glory beckons.
FAIR An unnerving, electrifying debut film from 26-year-old writer/director Kelly, one that elucidates the universal traumas of growing up, but does so with a startling uncommonness.
FAIR You're either going to pay to see it twice or wonder what all the fuss is about.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
GOOD Twisty, disturbing mix of John Hughes and James Cameron is an unsettling meditation on fate -- and the debut of a major talent.
GOOD A deceptive combination of all sorts of tones that seems like a stylistic jumble while keeping up a restrained front and never resorting to easy hyperactivity.
GOOD Dark, interesting and downright weird film that plays like a teen movie filtered through the work of David Lynch.
GOOD An astonishingly imaginative, poignant, genre-defying tale of teen love, insanity and time travel.
FAIR Donnie Darko promises a feast, but when the film ends, you are left only with the scraps.
GOOD This movie disappeared without a trace at the American box office in October last year, which is a shame.
GOOD An honest, humorous, bittersweet, disturbing look at the confusion of adolescence.
GOOD The movie is made up of odd parts that somehow go together perfectly. One of the most important films about teenagers ever.
BAD Unforgiveable then, unforgiveable now.
BAD It's mostly forced humor all the way, a movie that rarely measures up to adequate kitsch.
GOOD Goofy parody mocks the Star Wars series.
FAIR Ainda que nao consiga recapturar a acidez e a inteligencia de seus esforcos da primeira fase da carreira, Brooks consegue divertir gracas a algumas belas sacadas e ao simples conceito de Moranis como Dark Helmet.
FAIR This is possibly the last great film that Mel Brooks directed
FAIR Despite the dirty jokes hidden in plain sight ('Never underestimate the power of the Schwartz!'), Spaceballs is a PG-rated comedy that makes silliness sublime. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Mel Brooks trashes Star Wars; very funny
GOOD One of the few screwball comedies that everyone must experience at least once.
GOOD Brooks displays an obvious affection for the sci-fi stuff he's spoofing, which helps the laughs to flow forth a whole lot easier.
BAD Brooks jumped the shark with Spaceballs
GOOD at its best, plays like the action in Star Wars, awakening a sense of pure enjoyment of movies
GOOD Absurdist 'Star Wars' parody; Brooks at his near wildest
FAIR If it isn't likely to generate what Mr. Brooks himself refers to as 'Spaceballs II: The Search for More Money, neither is it anything less than gentle, harmless satire that occasionally has real bite.
BAD More proof that filmmaker Mel Brooks misplaced his sense of humor after the 1970s.
FAIR Before he was a hit on Broadway, Brooks made funny movies. This, unfortunately, was the last of them.
FAIR Too clever to dismiss, not funny enough to like
GOOD Mel Brooks at his madcap finest. A generation of 1980s kids worship the film.
BAD less funny than most of the movies it spoofs
FAIR The best shot is the opening shot of a giant ominous spaceship floating through space like in the opening shot in Star Wars with a bumper sticker proclaiming "We brake for no-one." Thereafter it doesn't get much better.
FAIR How do you review a movie like this, anyway? I guess by saying whether you laughed or not. I did laugh, but not enough to recommend the film.
FAIR It's silly and good natured.
FAIR Pacino seeks his pound of flesh as a tragic outsider.
FAIR The text is wonderful, Radford's film has some fine performances from Jeremy Irons and Joseph Fiennes, and he makes good use of Venice locations.
FAIR It is really a pleasure to watch a masterful actor like Al Pacino wring every nuance out of the multifarious character of Shylock.
GOOD Pacino shapes the role masterfully. He not only rises to the role's extremes of villainous melodrama, he fills them, rendering them both theatrical and believable
FAIR It veers from real conviction to panto, but Radford is clearly committed to the play's relevance, while Pacino, the Shakespeare addict, is a joy to watch.
GOOD Manages to be a gripping and intriguing film.
GOOD The screenplay is lean and powerful and the direction deft.
GOOD Finally, a filmatic spectacle worthy of the Scribe...
BAD This rendition is hardly a freshman course.
BAD Merchant of Venice is such a blatantly anti-Semitic work that a modernization seems imprudent.
GOOD Radford preserves the mechanics of the plot, but also offers us heroes who are as flawed as the nominal villain, if not more so
GOOD Radford's adaptation admirably captures the inherent and troubling contradictions of the play, and turns them into great, thought-provoking drama.
GOOD Radford has rendered off the comedy to find the dramatic skeleton underneath. It is an approach that works stunningly well and is perhaps the only way the play can now be done.
FAIR As much fun as it is to see Pacino chew some Shakespearean scenery, both the role and the movie could have used a more likable actor.
FAIR Pacino's performance doesn't reconcile the contradictions of The Merchant of Venice, but it goes far in revealing them.
FAIR The experiment mostly succeeds.
GOOD Pacino makes a memorable Shylock, filled with painful humanity, rage and insecurity.
GOOD A vivid, engrossing and defensible Shakespeare adaptation, a period piece that truly has a feel for a time long past -- and a place and attitude that are not.
GOOD The filmmaker succeeds mightily in imbuing potentially dangerous material with enlightened ambiguity.
GOOD Radford has managed to find and nurture the story's deeper, universally heartbreaking themes.
FAIR Radford remains fairly reverent toward the text and the intent.
FAIR The opening disclaimer suggests that 'intolerance of the Jews' is something the world has outgrown, rather than an attitude that continues to be exploited...
GOOD Pacino, bearded and digging deep within his talent, almost shrinks into human nothingness under the weight of hate. It may be his finest performance.
GOOD The film is a work of clarity and urgency and a welcome and overdue addition to the Bard's film canon.
FAIR Radford's gloomy film is a long and slightly draining haul, but the intensity of Al Pacino's central performance justifies the effort required.
FAIR As evidenced by this film, in capable hands, Shylock is a unique amalgam of flaws still worthy of rendition.
GOOD Ranks as one of the most powerful recent adaptations of the bard's work.
GOOD Balanced, beguiling -- even funny.
BAD This tragicomic classic isn't effective either as a comedy or a tragedy.
FAIR The give-and-take between the two veterans [Pacino and Irons] is a delight to witness.
BAD The plot and dialogue are third-rate and no one, not even Mel Gibson -- Glover and Pesci's Lethal Weapon partner -- could save this clunker.
BAD This is one of the summer's sorrier excuses for a major-studio release.
BAD It is testimony to the superior acting skills of Joe Pesci and Danny Glover that Gone Fishin' registers more than a blip on the summer movie radar screen.
BAD They only highlight the sheer, witless desperation of all involved.
FAIR Dumb n dumber middle agers Glover & Pesci in land and sea adventures.
BAD A terrible ride with two idiotic characters.
BAD Like any Pesci outing post-Goodfellas, this can be described with one word; that word is 'hackneyed'.
BAD I hope the person that greenlighted this was fired.
BAD Without question one of the stupidest comedies I've ever seen.
BAD Comedies about fishing have never worked, not even for Howard Hawks.
BAD A mirthless, graceless slapstick comedy with little to recommend it except some Florida scenery -- which, come to think of it, isn't all that scenic.
BAD The saddest thing about this unfunny, misguided motion picture is watching two performers I admire -- Joe Pesci and Danny Glover -- stumble their way through such obviously inferior material.
BAD An unfunny, meandering film attempting to be a comedy.
BAD Joe Pesci and Danny Glover, mumble so many of their lines that a large portion of the film is incomprehensible.
BAD Maybe the sequel will even make me laugh.
BAD There's certainly nothing inherently clever about the premise.
FAIR Solid, fun entertainment that continued to show an appreciative public that Hawn was more than a ditzy blonde.
BAD Marshall's sunny, sitcomedic comedies tend to be kinda bad but also compulsively watchable, and this one's no exception... [Blu-ray]
FAIR '80s comedy has some iffy stuff for PG; won't interest kids.
BAD Kurt Russell abuses Goldie Hawn into becoming a better, more caring woman? Who thinks this stuff is funny? Lots of people, unfortunately.
FAIR A good screwball comedy.
FAIR Overboard is a dizzy comedy about the ways in which wealth insulates the rich from the simple pleasures of life.
BAD Professionally done romantic comedy, but not worth the bother.
BAD Not rotten, so surprisingly good in its mediocrity.
GOOD Cute and inoffensive. Sweet but not so much that you hate yourself for liking it. This is a good thing.
BAD While the prospect of watching Miss Hawn play a rude, nasty socialite is appealing, and even the transformation to homebody is a funny idea, Overboard winds up taking things too far.
BAD Mediocre in every way. Memorable only because of whimsical camp value.
FAIR A warm and funny movie.
GOOD A textbook definition of a sleeper hit.
GOOD Rousing bicycle race story is a family favorite.
FAIR Breaking Away embraces the good old fashioned small town family values that would catapult Ronald Reagan to an enormously popular two term presidency. And still, I like it.
FAIR The triumphant ending teeters on twee, but feels warranted enough to give it a pass and enjoy the moment right along with him.
GOOD A delightful sleeper.
FAIR The screenplay by Oscar-winner Steve Tesich sometimes turns a little precious, but the character and atmosphere is so firmly established that it all works out.
GOOD This charming comedy shows sensitivity to American peculiarities and eccentricties in spite (or may be because) of the fact that it was scripted by a writer of foreign descent and helmed by a Brit, Peter Yates.
FAIR Despite a reasonably fun performance from Daniel Stern, Dennis Quaid earnest overacting sinks what could have been a quaint film about middle America.
GOOD Breaking Away is a wonderfully sunny, funny, goofy, intelligent movie that makes you feel about as good as any movie in a long time. It is, in fact, a treasure.
GOOD Dennis Christopher is unforgettable in his one big film role.
GOOD Here is a movie so fresh and funny it didn't even need a big budget or a pedigree.
FAIR This timeworn material probably should work, but it doesn't really since, most of the film's angst and conflict seems calculated.
FAIR There's a joy to Breaking Away that forgives its occasional skylarking and narrative dips into the cliche pool.
GOOD Those looking for a movie about restless young adults that doesn't focus on rampant raunchiness and insipid sex jokes should most definitely search this one out.
GOOD ...provides a sense of encouragement for everyone who watches it...a winsome and engaging little film.
GOOD Sandaled Python pic too irreverent for young kids.
GOOD Brian contains too many hilarious bits to single out the best.
FAIR Boys of my generation memorize the Monty Python repertoire as a buttress against the terror of losing their virginity.
FAIR A cheeky, irreverent parallel to the life of Jesus by the last great comedy troupe to make movies.
GOOD Although some consider Monty Python an acquired taste, anyone with a sense of humor and an open mind should find something in this movie to enjoy.
GOOD ...targets...religious zealots who take Jesus' simple messages of peace and love and use them...as cries for war and persecution.
GOOD Bad taste of this order is rare but not yet dead.
GOOD Movies just don't really come much funnier than this.
GOOD Freaking hilarious. 'Speak up!' I said it's freaking hilarious!
GOOD The Pythons take satirical aim at the dangers of blind religious fervor -- which makes Brian... the perfect complement to [Mel] Gibson's blood-soaked film.
GOOD See, this is what "The Passion of the Christ" needed. More song-and-dance numbers.
FAIR Funny, in that peculiar British way where jokes are told sideways, with the obvious point and then the delayed zinger.
GOOD Better than most Biblical epics, if only because its characters don't speak as if they just know people will be quoting and misquoting them a couple of thousand years later.
FAIR This 1979 comedy remains one of the group's enduring efforts.
GOOD Still has its rude, rowdy sting -- and it still speaks more truth about religion than nearly all serious movies on the subject.
GOOD If you love comedy and haven't yet experienced a Monty Python movie, you're missing out.
GOOD The greatest work of religious skepticism ever put on the screen.
GOOD I'll take a bad Python over a good modern comedy any day.
GOOD The more things change, the more we have to laugh if we are to have a prayer of remaining sane, and the Pythons are the best possible step in that direction.
GOOD A prova definitiva (como se mais uma prova fosse necessaria) do brilhantismo inigualavel do Monty Python.
GOOD There is little doubt that The Life of Brian represents some of the most daring and cutting edge comedy of the 1970s.
GOOD Very witty, very satirical, but not the Messiah.
GOOD A biting, absurdist satire of biblical proportions.
GOOD A stylistically eclectic comic masterpiece.
BAD Overrated Python flick. It's just not that funny.
GOOD one of those films you either rejoice in or reject
GOOD A beautiful film, a perfect comedy, and a gentle triumph of silliness over pomposity, self-importance, and intolerance.
GOOD The best Monty Python film.
GOOD Live action/animated tale will amuse cartoon fans.
BAD Perfect fare for a 5-year-old on an Apple Jacks sugar high, but scarcely tolerable for anyone moving toward the Raisin Bran end of the aging spectrum.
FAIR Merece elogios por seu humor auto-referencial e, principalmente, por resgatar a insanidade das animacoes originais (ao contrario do fraco Space Jam).
FAIR ...neither offensive nor inspiring. It's undoubtedly fun for kids, but except for its occasional in-jokes there isn't all that much to excite the funny bone of an adult.
BAD Bursts with energy but not inspiration.
BAD Joe Dante & Warner Brothers destroy more of our childhood memories.
GOOD For anyone reared on the stuff, Looney Tunes: Back in Action is sweet anarchy.
GOOD It's the cleverest mix of animation and live action since Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
BAD ..far too much importance is placed on the live action characters, who in contrast look like they should be spectators at a who's-who reunion of animated superstars.
BAD Falls back on movie in-jokes that are often unfunny, while the amusing spoofs are irrelevant because they're not even Warner Bros films!
BAD This isn't an imaginative rebellion against the physical world like the old cartoons; it's the anarchy of animation, which isn't nearly as fun.
BAD Jenna Elfman needs to be in more movies and Brendan Fraiser, who should have gotten an Oscar for at least two movies I can think of, is underused even though he's in most of the scenes.
GOOD Dante revives the possibilities of widescreen humor ... literally leapfrogging across time and the cosmos to achieve profundity through expertly controlled chaos.
FAIR Ultimately, kids will enjoy it, even if they don't get some of the inside jokes, but it somehow lacks the edge of the short cartoons.
BAD The satire becomes unfocused without a driving force behind it, and the adventure is the stuff of which so many movies have touched upon before.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis isn't a Hal Walker, but Joe Dante's right up there with Tashlin, Avery, and Jones.
FAIR Much of the movie magic fades during the stilted cartoon-human relations.
FAIR As the Tasmanian Devil would move were he mainlining caffeine, so does this blend of live-action and animation. It's sweet and subversive, just like Looney Tunes should be.
FAIR Not for the uninitiated, but within its own established universe, it's as logical as a Pepe Le Pew fragrance line.
BAD While the affection for the originals is really refreshing, Looney Tunes: Back in Action still stumbles over some formidable hurdles.
FAIR I take issue with the whole concept of humans interacting with these characters.
BAD Dante favors the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach to this Warner Bros. nostalgia trip when funny-and-affectionate would have worked better.
FAIR Dante's much more confident in this combined world of animation and live-action than we saw in the interesting but uneven Small Soldiers.
GOOD It's flat-out comedy all the way, head-spinningly clever (you'll be talking about a sequence set in the Louvre for weeks) and always engaging.
GOOD OK...are you sure you're old enough to be reading this movie review?
FAIR The film's appeal is universal, much as the appeal of the Looney Tunes characters is universal.
GOOD Both a highly personal work and a hugely entertaining ride.
GOOD Doesn't perfectly capture the manic energy of the old WB cartoons, but it comes pretty ... close, which is fairly impressive in this age of corporate-filmmaking-by-blueprint.
FAIR Looney Tunes have always had an anarchic sense of humor. Setting them loose on Hollywood was nothing less than inspired.
FAIR It's Bugs and Daffy that carry this riotous, everything-and- the-kitchen-sink film.
FAIR ...a lot more fun than Space Jam.
GOOD Dante's third unqualified masterpiece. A freeform outburst of satire and mayhem that stays true to the spirit of the old time Warner Brothers Looney Tunes.
GOOD Looney Tunes: Back in Action keeps both adults and children laughing, but at completely different things.
BAD Dante's loose-minded narrative comes across more as a marketing ploy than it does a festive flick... somewhat strained and overreaches for its intended frivolity.
FAIR Where (director Joe) Dante, along with screenwriter Larry Doyle, a former Simpsons writer, succeed is in keeping the animated actors in character.
FAIR A movie bursting with energy and sheer creativity.
FAIR Dirty jokes, some sparkle in uneven Mel Brooks classic.
FAIR Brooks' fractured History is salvaged by the tuneful 'Inquisition.'
GOOD The fact that there has been no Part 2 is ample proof that God hates us all.
FAIR Crude, rude Mel Brooks has low laughs
FAIR Occasional bright moments, but it's clear why there was no. part two.
BAD Disjointed Brooks effort that is only occasionally amusing
BAD Fifteen minutes of funny material trying desperately to fill a feature film.
FAIR It succeeds only in fits and starts, but the bits that do work are hilarious!
BAD Fades out long before it's over.
FAIR Chinese-American mom and daughter reconnect.
GOOD Wu has abundant affection for her characters and a sharp eye for how they interact.
FAIR If that sounds supremely sitcomy, well, it is. But Wu and her cast elevate the proceedings.
FAIR The sort of competent, intelligent and humane film that often signals the beginning of a major career.
FAIR First-time writer-director Alice Wu has taken the usual romance formula and given it cultural pizzazz.
FAIR Although fun while it lasts, it's just another cute story about family and acceptance that could have been a lot more convincing and heartfelt with just a little more depth.
FAIR Far from seeming weighed down by a need to satisfy various interest groups, "Face" is light-footed, at times cheeky and always true to its sharply-drawn cast of characters.
FAIR It's a coming-out party for Krusiec, a bit player in Sweet Home Alabama who blossoms as a performer relaying emotion with deft touches and subtle yearning.
FAIR As a sweet comedy, it's enjoyable enough, as long as you don't expect it to carry the burden of an entire ethnic or sexual community on its shoulders.
FAIR Equal parts adorable and unbelievable.
FAIR ... surprisingly fresh and charming overall.
FAIR Goes beyond the obvious into something a lot more current and meaningful: the need to make your own love, even if society looks askance.
GOOD Saves face with terrific performances.
FAIR An energetic and endearing story about three generations of a Chinese immigrant family.
FAIR Wu has a keen ear for the rhythm of speech, and much of the humour rests in the conversations' staccato beat -- in breezy put-downs and tossed-off asides and disgruntled mutterings.
FAIR Making a point about choices, as opposed to convention and conformity.
FAIR Wu shows romantic comedies can be more than a Cole Porter soundtrack and snappy comebacks
FAIR [Saving Face] gets its heart pumping by putting its lovers smack in the middle of family and community.
FAIR A first film with a deft comedic touch and a trio of charming stars.
FAIR This culture-clash, generation-gap comic drama is cliched and corny. But it's also charming.
FAIR The people in Saving Face make plenty of mistakes, but Wu's script views their mistakes with compassion.
FAIR Family culture-clash romantic comedy gets a delightful twist in the funny, charming Saving Face.
FAIR From generic comedy roots comes something likably cute.
FAIR ...a conventional but ambitious and tender vehicle about cultural traditions of passion crossing forbidden paths.
FAIR A first-time writer-director, Wu handles most of the movie with breezy confidence, drawing strong performances from all of her leading actors.
FAIR [Chen] reduces the wattage on her luminousness to make Ma seem sympathetically homely without turning downright pitiful. It's an engaging performance.
FAIR Unexpected pregnancy and family politics can be heavy, dramatically explosive issues, but Wu tempers her direction with empathy and her script with well-placed laughs, attempting to bridge both cultural and generation gaps without alienating either.
BAD (Writer-wirector) Wu...seems less interested in choices and consequences than she is in sending audiences away with a smile.
FAIR An affable comedy.
FAIR Wu's film takes the received wisdom of The Joy Luck Club for a delightful spin through unwed motherhood, lesbianism and Chinese-American family values.
GOOD Coming of age tale tackles death; for older kids.
BAD Dreadful coming of age movie about kids and death. Kudos for the effort, but it's just depressing.
GOOD The ultimate tearjerker. Proof positive that Mac still has what it takes for a comeback!
FAIR Syrupy sweet, but just this side of watchable.
BAD Seldom have we seen such an extensive ensemble of talent in the movies yanked through the material like lambs on their way to a slaughter.
BAD Love? Actually, no. More like disappointment, and, at times, hatred.
GOOD Romantic and entertaining -- for older teens.
GOOD Without ever sounding a false note, this endearing ensemble holiday flick manages to be nuttier than Notting Hill, more satisfying than Bridget Jones' Diary, and even more intricate than Four Weddings and a Funeral.
FAIR It's a perfectly respectable debut for Curtis.
GOOD Plenty of entertainment in this well acted ensemble comedy that Robert Altman could easily have put his name on.
FAIR The film lives up to its hype.
BAD This is definitely a case of a writer-turned-director that is too in love with his own script to make hard choices about what to keep and what to cut.
BAD Funny? Maybe. Not to me.
BAD A charming little film that, unfortunately, gets carried away with itself and never quite makes the grade.
FAIR It's tart and amusing but carries a slightly cloying aftertaste.
BAD In the end the film is just as winsome and sugary as its facile message: "love, actually, is all around."
BAD It wants to swirl round the world and find love in every cranny, but it doesn't have the effortless rush of energy that it would need to make the masses of plot come together.
BAD While the movie is occasionally charming, the souffle falls flat in the end ...
FAIR Impressive, if self-indulgent directing debut.
FAIR Upon first viewing, it is something of a guilty pleasure. Upon second viewing, it is simply a pleasure.
BAD This kind of comedy has just hit the wall.
BAD There's simply too much here to digest.
BAD Screenwriter Richard Curtis tries to direct, puts too many eggs in his basket, and winds up with a very runny omelette.
BAD Curtis repeats and reiterates these themes to the point that it's just as redundant as saying that someone repeats and reiterates in the same statement.
FAIR 'Encantadora, romantica y magica, es una de esa cintas que cualquiera que aun crea en la bondad humana y en lo hermoso de las relaciones personales va a disfrutar como nadie'
BAD Sitting through 128 minutes of this much aggressive charm and wit is like being mugged in slow motion by beautiful people from the pages of Vanity Fair.
GOOD Jamais deixa de ser envolvente, ja que Curtis, um escritor experiente, e habil na construcao das historias, que sao recheadas com seu humor tipicamente britanico.
FAIR Richard Curtis is so earnest ... that what otherwise might seem overly sentimental and cloying comes across as genuinely touching
FAIR Peppered with so many moments of raw, affecting honesty that it's intensely difficult to dislike -- and tempting to forgive Richard Curtis for not finishing what he starts,
FAIR You'll laugh! You'll cry! And you'll go home feeling ever so slightly used...
GOOD I'll take an overly sentimental movie over a sardonic one any day - particularly around the holidays. Now if I only Santa would tuck Hugh under my Christmas tree.
GOOD Appealingly silly romp for kids and adults.
FAIR A modern-day comedy in the grand tradition of the best screwball comedies of the late 1930s and early 40s.
FAIR Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy.
FAIR A delightful annoying-person comedy made even more amusing by the fact that Murray and Dreyfuss couldn't stand one another in real life.
FAIR Dreyfuss e Murray estabelecem uma boa dinamica nesta comedia irregular, mas agradavel.
GOOD Quirky, wild comedy doings with Bill Murray over the top.
GOOD Boomers being really charming and funny.
FAIR Pleasant comedy with droll Murray
GOOD Except for the last half hour, one of the best comedies of the 90's.
BAD Somehow, Mr. Dreyfuss maintains his sound comic timing even when Frank Oz's antic direction calls for hand-waving hysteria.
BAD Annoying movie that wastes a talented cast.
GOOD Billy Murray gives an inspired performance. This is a comedy that often makes you simultaneously laugh and wince.
GOOD One of the most snicker-worthy movies ever made. Great, great fun for the demented.
BAD If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance.
FAIR This is an amiable comedy if there ever was one. That's no criticism: if all innocuous comedies were as satisfying as What About Bob? you wouldn't always feels the need for some subversive humor.
FAIR There's no question that the engaging performances of Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss manage to breathe a great deal of life into the proceedings, and before it starts to run out of steam toward the end, the film provides an awful lot of laughs.
BAD Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
GOOD Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
BAD If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's. The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
GOOD Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
GOOD The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
GOOD Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
GOOD Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
GOOD He saved the best for last.
GOOD The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection. It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
GOOD The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes. Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
FAIR Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a great film.
GOOD Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um numero suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
GOOD It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
GOOD Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
FAIR 'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante mas solida e interesante que su antecesora.'
GOOD Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not feel more satisfying.
GOOD It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
FAIR Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
GOOD Menos mal que no hay una Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque seria imposible imaginarse como Quentin Tarantino podria volver a superarse a si mismo... una vez mas.
GOOD La union de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
GOOD The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
BAD The Kill Bill films leave me cold. For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
FAIR If he doesn't take care Tarantino could make something significantly worse.
FAIR Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't expect to remember this for years to come.
GOOD This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
BAD Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
GOOD It exhilarates even as it maddens.
GOOD This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
FAIR At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context. At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
GOOD brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
GOOD Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
GOOD Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
GOOD Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 is better.
GOOD Maybe the best film about teenagers ever made.
GOOD [A] hugely influential docu-drama.
GOOD Wonderfully evoking the feel and spirit of the era, this is one of those rare movies you live through rather than watch.
BAD Anyone who has spent their teenage years cruising up and down Main Street will connect with the film... which is part of the reason I didn't.
GOOD American Graffiti is a music-infused tone poem - a fond, delicate trip back to an era often forgotten.
GOOD It's one of the all-time great feel good films, but its sly cultural commentary is what makes it the masterpiece that it is.
GOOD Coming-of-age classic still a must-see for teens.
GOOD A funny-serious movie with gorgeous cars and colours and an amazing feel for the artefacts of an instantly vanished era.
GOOD If Last picture Show presents gloomy portrait of small-town life prior to the advent of TV, Lucas moves the setting forward by a decade, in 1962, when TV had already become the mainstay of pop culture, though for his youths, radio is the relevant medium.
GOOD ...the ultimate nostalgia movie of all time ...
GOOD A successful tribute to an era of optimism and competitiveness which was bitchin' -- and now seems very far in the past.
GOOD American Graffiti acts almost as a milestone to show us how far (and in many cases how tragically) we have come.
GOOD Trend setter, nostalgic, feel good hit
GOOD A hallmark film of the 1970s.
GOOD Destined to be an instant classic. The performances are timeless.
GOOD I love Star Wars more, but strictly speaking, this is probably a better film.
GOOD Rock-solid proof that Lucas CAN write characters ... or at least COULD. Great cast, warm nostalgia, and wonderful music.
FAIR American Graffiti still bears the mark of a superb filmmaking talent.
GOOD American Graffiti has a timeless power that speaks to everyone who was ever a teenager.
FAIR It's a very Kaufmanesque narrative experiment, technically ingenious and sophisticated. It also looks like some lost comedy idea by Philip K Dick; you could call this film We Can Forget It for You Retail.
GOOD This outing from Kaufman's oddball imagination is wonderfully intriguing, often touching and typically convoluted.
GOOD What follows will knock you silly, upending every single concept of storytelling that you're probably used to.
GOOD Kaufman's latest is a weird, visually woozy rom-com-in-reverse that charms, amuses and moves.
GOOD Imaginative, loopy romance is for adults only.
GOOD Most imaginative and impressively executed...
GOOD Kaufman and Gondry bring out all the weirdness of the premise, sometimes eliciting disbelieving laughter, sometimes taking us to odd, chilly places.
GOOD Walking into a theater with Charlie Kaufman on the screen is like volunteering for that wacky boat trip Willy Wonka took through the chocolate factory tunnel...
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.
FAIR The reality is that Hollywood is such an idea poor place Kaufman tends to get more credit than he deserves for work which only occasionally rises above the level of mind games and showy sleight of hand.
GOOD It is an enchanting clutter of love and reason that will only appeal to the audience willing to take the time to see the movie and then think about it later.
FAIR Romance was never this stark or twisted.
GOOD Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are perfectly cast in this movie, and Winslet's Oscar nomination was well-deserved. The writing, direction and acting are all top-notch.
GOOD The kind of movie that only gets better the more you think about it and I think it cries out for repeat viewings.
GOOD You won't soon forget this walk down memory lane. Actually, make that a RUN down memory lane.
GOOD Most Hollywood films tell us we have everything we need within ourselves. [This movie] indicates that we need each other, even ... when togetherness disrupts happiness.
GOOD An unusual one but a great one, it will have you asking questions about the true nature of love for some time afterwards.
GOOD Without a connection to the central relationship, all of Kaufman's musings and Gondry's visual frills would be for naught, but... it all fits into place.
GOOD Maybe this isn't for everyone, but it's so well written, directed, and acted that I found it beguiling, thought provoking entertainment.
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is undeniably ambitious filmmaking and a feather in this year's cap of indie movies
GOOD Es una de esas peliculas donde la risa, el humor, la locura y la emocion te producen, al final, ganas de salir y enamorarte.
GOOD Carrey gracefully paints the neuroses of a man who has no security or intimacy beyond the close grip of his gloomy knit hat.
GOOD Breaks the mold, harnessing some of the same energy and imagination to create a highly original love story.
GOOD ...un hilo conductor que juega con el espacio y el tiempo, construyendo y deconstruyendo una historia que solo puede ser entendida al estilo Kaufman...
GOOD Movies this brilliantly designed and executed are rarities.
GOOD Brilliantly original and ingeniously revolutionary, Gondry and Kaufman couldn't be better paired.
GOOD Capturing the joys and pains of romantic obsession as few filmmakers have before, Gondry and Kaufman have come up with a masterpiece.
GOOD Love must flourish in the heart and soul of every romantic and emerge without trepidation or doubt.
GOOD a big heap of fun
FAIR Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
FAIR Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
FAIR The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
BAD By the book buddy-buddy movie. This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
FAIR ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
BAD How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
FAIR Chris Tucker is the man.
BAD A disappointment.
FAIR By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not provide anything inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
FAIR Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not so heavily based on other successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
GOOD A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
FAIR Terrific entertainment.
FAIR Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
GOOD A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
FAIR Chan is as sweet and charming as ever. Tucker makes an excellent foil. And things blow up.
FAIR Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago. Let's hope not.
GOOD Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
GOOD Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film. Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
BAD As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
BAD The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that many people stayed in the theater long enough to laugh.
BAD Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
FAIR Chan is amazing to watch.
BAD ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
BAD Doesn't feature nearly enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
BAD While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his myriad talents.
BAD If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
BAD It's all pretty bland.
FAIR The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
GOOD [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties. Let's hope so.
FAIR Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
FAIR Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
FAIR You won't be disappointed.
FAIR Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
FAIR Worth seeing, especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine, but don't go in expecting a laugh a minute.
FAIR It's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least, how to lose your soul with grace.
FAIR In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office, any reminder of Hollywood's clueless cynicism is more than welcome.
BAD What Just Happened, despite an air of crisis, feels sluggish and plodding.
BAD An insider's Hollywood story, Barry Levinson's film lacks the bite of other admired "movie movies", such as The Player, or way back, The Bad and the Beautiful.
BAD I don't think it's particularly funny and I think that's the problem with the film. I think it wants to be funny.
FAIR It's a shame that the film doesn't ever really take off into the stratosphere, because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing. But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film.
FAIR A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro, who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many, many years.
BAD Based on the Art Linson autobiography, this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap.
BAD prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima, tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio, [...] sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario, kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg
FAIR More understated than sidesplitting, this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended, its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding.
BAD There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood, but many of the jokes, including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing, falls flat.
FAIR Polished, coherent, rich with internal consistency... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies
BAD Director Barry Levinson's What Just Happened? is about spoiled brats. But it's amusing.
FAIR Ao contrario do recente The Deal, este filme nao exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood (uma clara hipocrisia), o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela producao %u2013 ambos esforcos terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador.
FAIR Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops, Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness.
FAIR This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain.
GOOD ...has small delicious moments, but it's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either don't much care about or actively dislike.
FAIR A playful industry satire made by victors. That's actually pretty cold when you think about it.
BAD A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu.
FAIR Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player, What Just Happened? is flyweight. De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role, but he's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm.
GOOD The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened? is a worthy rival. It's also great fun.
BAD Well, what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film.
BAD It's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it's been done before...and an awful lot better.
FAIR Linson has drawn his fangs, opting for mild, Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up.
BAD As a satire on Tinseltown, it's toothless.
GOOD A send-up of Hollywood and its stars, this is the best film industry satire since The Player. Funnier, too.
FAIR It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form. Perhaps, though, you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes.
FAIR Levinson keeps the pace sharp, and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money.
BAD More cold than cute, De Niro's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be.
FAIR Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast, though it's a shame it's not a little more daring.
GOOD Taken from his own memoirs, Linson's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
FAIR By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom. Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood, he's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him.
BAD A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck...succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us, but it does nothing to atone for the results
FAIR Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets.
BAD The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative, knowing chuckles. The local auditorium where the movie opens today, however, is probably just going to echo.
FAIR Not something to be taken too seriously, De Niro's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro
BAD What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting.
FAIR The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire, but "What Just Happened?" rings true, capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then, wondering if toda
BAD What Just Happened? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone.
BAD The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere. Considering everyone involved, this is a disaster of epic proportions. What just happened?... indeed
FAIR What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen.
BAD The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part. It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
BAD Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
BAD I like Seth, you like Seth. We all like Seth. BADLY miscast, here. And so was the director.
FAIR A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
BAD This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
BAD There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution. This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
FAIR Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
BAD A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
BAD Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
BAD ...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
FAIR Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day. It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
GOOD For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor. No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
BAD Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience. The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them. Waltz is delightful.
FAIR Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Um longa que nao so desaponta pelo roteiro, mas tambem (e ai o choque e maior) pela direcao nada inspirada de seu realizador.
FAIR With Jager, it'd probably be a blast.
GOOD Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
BAD Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never terribly enjoyable.
FAIR Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
BAD One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
BAD For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
BAD They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role. Big mistake!
BAD His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1. Having a limitless supply of money. 2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
FAIR Seth Rogen, superhero? It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
BAD Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
GOOD There is no grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
FAIR A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
BAD An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
BAD While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
BAD Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout. The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
BAD Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not persuaded that anything actually happens.
FAIR It has more of a sting than you might think.
BAD 'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
BAD Hornet lacks sting.
FAIR I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
FAIR It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
BAD No guts and no glory, and not much in the way of comedy, either.
FAIR This really shouldn't have taken five writers and two directors, especially considering the splendor costume designer Julie Weiss achieves all by herself. But it's not bad for such a thoroughly unitarded concept.
BAD Blades of Glory doesn't get the gold, in fact, I think they just miss out on the bronze.
GOOD Great fun!
FAIR I can't imagine what circumstances would lead me to watch the film, in its entirety, a second time. But I'm glad I saw it once.
FAIR ...humorous fluff at best but formulaic and predictable.
FAIR Sketch comedy stretched to its maximum length, and while it's good fun, like that big dumb goof in every high school class, it comes oh-so-close to wearing out its welcome.
FAIR A no harm-no foul feelgood flick where everybody gets an 11th hour dispensation since Jimmy was really straight all along.
FAIR A painless if unremarkable night out, lifted considerably by the over-the-top skating sequences.
FAIR Ferrell doesn't need a great script or direction to be funny. The man just is funny.
FAIR Blades of Glory is funny, and that's all that matters.
BAD The result proves sadly under-choreographed. And choreography is everything in a film that leans as heavily on slapstick as this one.
BAD na tankom ledu
FAIR It's silly and fun with real figure skating personalities involved... they add a bonus dimension to the jokes (like throwing in a double toe-loop after landing a triple axle).
FAIR l'enjouement et la constance avec lesquelles cette connerie nous ait deblateree la rendent desopilante pour les bonnes raisons
FAIR An elongated comedy sketch, without any depth or development.
BAD Exceeded my very low expectations...Despite the dry spells between genuine laughs, the movie feels over and done with, but doesn't really leave you wanting more. It's just right, and just a little flat.
GOOD You may need diapers (if you don't normally wear them) to view this.. Let the world rest a while and enjoy the silliness.
FAIR "Blades of Glory" will have Will Ferrell fans dizzy with laughter.Silly, uneven, but hilarious when it's funny, the show might remind his fans of "Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby."
FAIR Roughly twice as good as a movie with such a thin comedic premise deserves to be.
FAIR Ferrell Still Rocks Even When He's Coasting
FAIR There is a steady stream of laughs and narrative interest. Blades isn't quite as funny as Zoolander or Dodgeball, but it deserves a solid score from the judges.
BAD After Ferrell's manchild partners with a fey figure-skating rival (Heder), it's strictly uninspired buddy-comedy bickering.
FAIR Will Ferrell is funny. Just looking at him makes you chuckle. Jon Heder is funny looking. Together, they make an amusing duo. And Blades of Glory is a funny film.
FAIR I can't remember a time when I have laughed so long and hard at a decapitation gag.
FAIR Formula rules, as Ferrell applies his schtick to another sport. But there's enough silly spectacle and eye-popping costumes to compensate.
BAD For a similar film that offers more laughs by taking it to the limit, rent the Farrelly brothers' 1996 bowling gem Kingpin.
GOOD Hilarious comedy with superb comic performances from Heder and Ferrell and some impressive digital trickery during the ice skating scenes.
BAD While I still think Will Ferrell is a hilarious guy, these Blades are disappointingly dull.
FAIR Together, though, [Ferrell and Heder] strike enough sparks to earn a 5.8 for artistic interpretation and a 6.0 for effort.
FAIR A star-studded broad comedy designed to make you forget your cares and have 93 minutes of good goofy fun. On that level, it succeeds as beautifully as a well-executed triple axle.
FAIR The plot is extremely thin but a spoof of ice skating was inevitable, and I'm glad Ferrell is the one to do it.
FAIR Some scenes are funny, some not. That balance ought rate a flat out B, but there were a handful of scenes that were so funny that they tied me in knots, so... B
BAD Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs.
BAD ...unapologetically geared towards younger viewers...
FAIR All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet, kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll.
FAIR You'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest, which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it.
FAIR In Thor Freudenthal's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan's book, the strays aren't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who're aw-shucks cute.
FAIR So, never work with children and animals, eh?
BAD Ate mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow, dois interpretes normalmente confiaveis, parecem estar no piloto automatico nesta producao que tem, como unico atrativo, os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas.
BAD The dogs are never quite as entertaining as they should be for the kids in the audience, and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters.
BAD Anodyne family fare, Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers.
FAIR Cheerful family-com.
BAD Everyone needs love and a home, whether kids or animals, is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids' movie.
BAD The schmaltz is laid on thick, but kids love this sort of stuff and, refreshingly, the dog bits are done the old-fashioned, fun way: with animal trainers rather than CGI.
FAIR Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
BAD Kids could do worse than check in at the two- star Hotel For Dogs this half-term.
FAIR It is a nice blend of slapstick fun, a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters.
BAD Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation.
FAIR True, there's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles, but credibility's secondary when you've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff.
FAIR All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
BAD It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment. Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.
FAIR Cute, silly family fare from Nickelodeon.
BAD Full of cute mutts and daft ideas, you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions.
FAIR If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua, this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt be the mutt's nuts.
BAD At the start, Kudrow's character tells the time-wasting kids, "You owe me 30 seconds of my life." I'm owed rather more.
FAIR Whilst not as funny as it could have been, Hotel For Dogs gets by on sheer charm, thanks to a likeable cast, a decent script, pacey direction and a high cuteness factor.
FAIR Although it's not quite as consistently engaging or funny as it could be, this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
FAIR The real stars of this movie are not the notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids. The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder (Kevin Dillon) and his sidekick chick Lois (Lisa Kudrow).
BAD Corny and silly...with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack.
FAIR Well, it's just so doggone cute.
FAIR Hotel for Dogs" is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film, suitable for any dog lover such as myself...
BAD The images are cluttered and murky, the comic rhythms falter, and the adult humans in the cast, including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle, seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs.
FAIR All in all it's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids.
FAIR I was really hoping there'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth's Hostel for Dogs.
BAD The animal side of the movie is great; the human side not so great.
BAD never feels more than surface, more than flash.
BAD Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids.
FAIR Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit, but the kindness-promoting message (think of the 'Shelter Stories' interludes in the newspaper comic strip 'Mutts') is welcome.
FAIR Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to like 30 highly trained stunt dogs. You won't be howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
BAD Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality, but every so often, the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids. That's when I'd lose interest.
FAIR Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy.
BAD The human dramas are less involving [than the dogs'], and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel.
BAD As eye-rollingly silly and predictable as one might've anticipated...
FAIR This raunchy teen comedy more than earns its R-rating ... but it does so with a lot of heart.
BAD The film gives these people just about nothing funny to do, and it's full of both gross-out gags that don't connect and dialogue that isn't especially funny.
FAIR Painfully awkward encounters ensue, with Plaza handling it all with her deadpan elegance.
BAD "The To Do List" is another one of those films that begs the question of how the writer ever thought it was a good idea.
FAIR The jokes are frequent, rapidly fired, and often sharply written, featuring crude sexual dialogue about everything imaginable from masturbation to states of sexual arousal.
FAIR While it's too gentle to be a classic, it's still worth a look.
BAD Writer/director Maggie Carey's clodhopping coming-of-age yarn merely proves that terrible teen movies are now a source of equal-ops embarrassment for both genders.
FAIR Uneven and with a pretty even hit:miss gag ratio, there is still not-for-Nan fun to be had here.
FAIR Maggie Carey's feature film debut is full of lazy shots, duff lines and dodgy acting. But it also contains fresh ideas and hilarious gags.
FAIR It has heart and intelligence to offset its more raucous moments and looks destined for cult appeal.
BAD I didn't believe any of it.
BAD A few laughs.
BAD The great Audrey Plaza is let down by weak material in this mirthless female-centric gross-out comedy.
FAIR Enjoyable teen sex comedy that gains points for its female perspective and features both strong comic performances and a decent script, despite some of the gags being a bit hit-and-miss.
BAD The To Do List is an American teenage sex comedy set in 1993, which may have been the last year in which any of the cast members could have convincingly passed for a teenager.
FAIR Even as this comedy strains to be goofy and transgressive, it catches us by surprise simply because it dares to explore first-time sexual experiences through female eyes.
BAD Carey drops the ball with a script that's both meandering and mean-spirited, not to mention laughter deficient.
BAD A muddle.
BAD The To Do List peters out to a lamentable degree in its padded-out final half hour.
BAD Forgettable movie about a college-age girl trying to make up for lost time sexually may be just a 'to do' lister for that demo and no one else.
BAD With many of the wittiest bits already spoiled in the red-band trailer, [writer-director Maggie Carey's] R-rated comedy is met more often with "heh" than "oh no she didn't!"
FAIR Plaza proves she can handle heading up a movie and doing something different than playing the smoky, punk alt girl fantasy
FAIR Several story and comedy beats are derivative, but scenes of thoughtful insight are frequent enough for The To Do List to offer more than just brainless laughs.
GOOD ...even a generous viewer may have to admit that the film runs out of steam before it reaches the finale-a flaw it shares with far too many recent comedies.
GOOD The To Do List is not just a hard R sex comedy, but also an important player in film diversification.
FAIR Raunchy for the sake of being raunchy. Poignancy, a key element in making any sex comedy something more important, is lacking.
FAIR The To Do List settles for surface and cartoony rather than deep and heartfelt.
FAIR Director Maggie Cary, instead of raising the bar of farce to the heights, has lowered it to the depths of the pigsty. She's proven that the gals can roll about in the mud just as well as the guys can, but to what end?
GOOD Hilarious, but teen sex comedy has lots of raunch, drinking.
GOOD "The To Do List" doesn't reinvent the wheel; we all know the "summer that changed everything" trope. But it's startling when you realize how rare it is to see a girl chasing sexual experience so doggedly - and with such a lighthearted tone.
BAD Don't go to The To Do List expecting a comedy genre-buster along the lines of Bridesmaids. Rather it's more of a one-joke repeater set in the hot Boise, Idaho, summer of 1993.
FAIR Even when the film connects, I can't help feel that it's mostly because it's set the target too low.
FAIR As subversive as the The To Do List is ... it's still ultimately familiar and insubstantial fare.
GOOD The funniest, smartest American comedy in years. It's destined to become a cult classic.
BAD When I first wrote the headline for this review, I accidentally wrote, THE DO-DO LIST. I have never been so right.
GOOD This frothy theatre adaptation dates from the period when Hollywood had pretty much perfected the art of the romantic comedy.
GOOD This is close to perfection with Katharine Hepburn repeating her stage triumph as spoilt socialite Tracy Lord.
GOOD Still a sparkling delight.
GOOD Utterly beguiling, funny and romantic ...
GOOD Cukor's direction flawlessly picks up on defining character traits, and all the intricate detail makes watching this movie feel like you're an invisible gatecrasher at the Lords' party.
GOOD Just sit back and enjoy romantic comedy at its most sublime.
GOOD Spoofs and plays sly homage to Clifford Odets' earnest socialist dramas
GOOD Screwball romance is lots of fun for older kids.
GOOD With such a stellar cast, a fine director working in the type of picture he did best, and some genuinely witty dialogue, this film has all the ingredients for a great comedy.
GOOD Is The Philadelphia Story about cutting Katharine Hepburn down to size?
GOOD O charme do trio principal e a inteligencia dos dialogos permitiram que o filme envelhecesse maravilhosamente bem.
FAIR I don't think anyone really cares about the fact that this was intended to be a cunning class satire with a capital C, but it's got big stars, they say cool things, they look good, it's funny, and the right guy gets the right girl in amusing fashion.
GOOD Excellent casting, a great storyline and a shrp script mean that this remains a classic of the genre and one of Katherine Hepburn's best roles.
GOOD [Relies] less on physical comedy and more on immaculately delivered zingers.
GOOD Everyone and everything about the film is mostly perfect, and what the movie ultimately says about the nature of love is still prescient.
GOOD Brilliantly entertaining.
GOOD The Philadelphia Story is a classic movie featuring three of the silver screen's greatest and most enduring stars.
GOOD Hepburn, Grant and Stewart star in one of the best romantic comedies ever made!
GOOD It has been a long time since Hollywood has spent itself so extravagantly, and to such entertaining effect, upon a straight upper-crust fable, an unblushing apologia for plutocracy.
GOOD Nearly perfect film version of the play.
GOOD Everyone is at the top of his game in this sparkling satire.
GOOD You could...fill a book with all the magical things that make this witty, swift, and wistful romantic comedy so impossibly good. Hollywood doesn't make romantic comedies like this anymore.
GOOD The prettiest sight in this fine pretty world!
GOOD Hepburn at her pinnacle; Grant and Stewart at their most charming; witty, warm and wonderful. A timeless work.
GOOD A parlor drama with witty, Oscar Wilde-like banter and glib repartee
FAIR More of an oddball comedy than a screwball comedy, The Philadelphia Story's gender politics haven't aged exceptionally well even if its laughs have done okay.
GOOD Grant, Stewart, and Hepburn deliver impeccable performances.
FAIR ...an uneven yet engrossing drama that benefits substantially from the efforts of its unusually impressive roster of performers.
BAD As an exercise in gender de-construction it's a crude bit of irony.
BAD A verbose exercise in profanity that wastes the talent of a bunch of fine actors who sit around and discuss how best to restore the bruised ego of one of their hardened gang.
GOOD This talky crime drama is a searing examination of masculinity and misogyny that is littered with rampant profanity and lashings of humour.
BAD After a while you can see why the wayward wife moved on to fresher prospects. Our man Ray is all talk, no bloody action.
BAD Writers Louis Mellis and David Scinto seem to have been hoping for something along the lines of those Quentin Tarantino scenes where thugs kvetch about pop music and cinnamon buns, but the 44 Inch dialogue is not as clever as Tarantino's...
FAIR With violence on the menu, it's a guilty pleasure to watch these stage-trained hambones unleash a rapid-fire roundelay of righteous indignation.
FAIR The frequently profane dialogue suggests David Mamet on an off-night (so does Malcolm Venville's claustrophobia-inducing direction), though the first-rate cast works hard.
GOOD Every now and then there are perfect moments in cinema. The opening of 44 Inch Chest is one of them.
BAD It's an interesting spectacle, but not enough to carry a movie.
BAD The whole thing feels like middle-period Mamet with English accents, and not much to say.
FAIR Is this a documentary about a porn professional? Or a gym rat? Neither. It's a stagy, half-entertaining, half-tedious acting competition between five excellent Englishmen.
FAIR The talented actors have great fun with the chewy, clever, self-congratulatory dialogue, but it's less enjoyable for the audience, which gets suffocated by the talk, talk, talk.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest puts the spectrum of the male ego on brutally efficient display.
BAD Boasts solid performances and some wickedly funny dialogue, but it's often tedious, underwhelming and fails to pack any real punches.
BAD Think of 44 Inch Chest as a piece of chamber music and you can compensate for the thinness of its story and the lack of visual distinction.
BAD It's an actors' film, as they say -- which is not the same thing as an audience film.
BAD Even a great British cast and obscenity-laden gangland dialogue aren't enough to make what amounts to an extended acting exercise into much of a movie.
FAIR It's sometimes difficult to discern whether the filmmakers are dissecting male bonding, ritualized aggression and sexual anxiety or celebrating it.
BAD The cast to die for is almost entirely wasted in this machismo-marinated slab of Brit-crime nastiness.
BAD This limp psychodrama proves woefully short on character development or narrative structure.
BAD While not wholly unrealistic, it is so untenable as to put off all but the slightly sympathetic.
BAD It looks and feels like a contrived stage play, and a fundamental lack of credibility in the premise makes it difficult to care about anything that happens.
BAD There's a difference between exposing misogyny and crassly exploiting it.
FAIR When faced with his wife's infidelity, Colin (Ray Winstone) enlists his gang of aging pub-crawlers to kidnap, torture and (possibly) kill her younger lover. 44 Inch Chest takes the typical British gangster film and turns it into a David Mamet-ish c
GOOD ...this is a thought provoking bit of cinema, as long as you know what you are getting into.
BAD A great evening at the theatre, maybe. It has enough straight to-camera emotion and anecdote to provide clips for a wealth of acting awards nominations, but too rarely feels like a movie.
BAD Aiming for black comedy and a redemptive satire on self-deluding male machismo, ham fisted debut director Malcolm Venville instead gives his cast enough rope to hang themselves rather than the characters they play.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest is an actor's movie, a chamber piece that spends most of its time in one room, where much is said and little done. It feels like a violent film, although hardly any violence is seen, rather, violence is endlessly discussed.
FAIR Without a crack cast, attempting to pull off a film with such a static, contemplative plot would have been impossible. They succeed, just about, but at times it feels like a dangerous game.
BAD It talks the talk - in fact, it talks and talks and talks the talk. But the walk isn't happening.
FAIR Hard as Winstone visibly tries, he can't stop them stealing the movie, a plum actors' piece which both gains and loses points by soberly stalling its own plot. A thoughtful anticlimax is ... well, still an anticlimax.
FAIR Not a laugh riot, but neither is it played for melodrama.
GOOD It's graceful in presenting its ideas, and what emerges is not a polemic but a kind of snapshot of modern-day concerns.
FAIR At times Let It Rain recalls one of those Katharine Hepburn comedies where the New Woman gets cut down to size so as not to intimidate the Old-School Men. Yet the film so likably deflates the pompous and pumps up the humble that it's hard not to like.
FAIR A movie in which everyone was this disappointed, and nobody changed, would be a very sad film, and that's not Jaoui's intent. She's not a cynic but a humanist and, by the end of the film, most of these people have taken some steps toward change.
BAD It's all a little insular and very conversational, but the setting is cozy and the performances all pleasantly low-key.
FAIR May not be funny in a ha-ha sense, but it gave me an amused open-mouthed appreciation of life's absurdities, including unanticipated nuisances like bad weather.
FAIR The performances are excellent, even if none of the characters are all that likeable or involving. Bacri and Debbouze make an intriguing double act.
FAIR Low-key and ruefully well-observed, France's Let It Rain is nevertheless too slight to make much impact.
FAIR While her focus has drifted away from the upper middle class, Jaoui's sensibility remains rather middlebrow; there's the distinct feeling that she's preaching solely, albeit with impressive subtlety, to the same bourgie choir as before.
FAIR Agnes Jaoui y Jean-Pierre Bacri vuelven a proponer una comedia agridulce que, tras una apariencia de liviandad, encierra un retrato sensible y certero de algunas miserias humanas perfectamente reconocibles.
GOOD This is not the rat-a-tat-tat of comic one-liners, but rather an amiable amble, brimming with charm.
FAIR click for full review
GOOD Touching on everything from family to fidelity, politics to prejudice, this is a slice of dystopic domesticity that captures the disappointments of life and the little joys that make it worthwhile.
FAIR While the genial comic tone and steady torrent of sharp one-liners and social faux pas are effortlessly carried forward from her past work, this is a more subtle, contemplative and mature film.
FAIR You can blame the government, the bourgeoisie, women or the weather, but in the end Jaoui's ensemble comedy, for all its sophisticated wit and note-perfect performances, is washed out by an overwhelming slightness.
BAD But it is a disappointment: a loose, unfocused rag-bag of ideas. Its filmic muscle tone lacks definition; it is flabby.
FAIR This gentle lancing of the foibles and pretensions of the French bougeoisie couldn't get more Gallic if it was sprinkled with garlic and ran off with the next-door-neighbour.
FAIR Rooted in richly played, likeable characters, this modest set-up percolates with smart, urbane humour, with Jaoui still finding time for some broad set-piece chuckles.
GOOD French writer-director Agnes Jaoui's comedy of manners takes on issues of class, race and loyalty, but in such a charming, offhand way that one hardly notices them being raised.
GOOD It tells you more about human nature than a dozen more portentous movies and is a rare delight to savour from a unique and exceptionally talented film-maker.
FAIR Watchable, well acted and occasionally amusing French drama, though it's not as emotionally satisfying as Jaoui's previous films.
FAIR There are several intriguing themes gurgling around this comical drama, but it's so rambling and loose that nothing really comes together. Even so, the solid acting keeps us interested, and the potent issues keep us thinking.
FAIR Like her earlier films, [Jaoui] has turned kvetching and fumbling conversations into an art form.
BAD A question: If you spend an entire career chronicling power relationships among the incurably self-absorbed, is that not in itself a form of self-absorption?
FAIR A lot more fun thatn you expect going in. Burrows has seldom been more watchable.
BAD Girl In Progress does have potential but unfortunately it gives into the stereotypes of many female Spanish characters.
FAIR a pleasant surprise
BAD ... as amateurish as a second-rate, high-school drama club.
BAD As rites of passage go, Girl in Progress is a step backward for the genre.
BAD Contrived and cliche-filled, culminating in a predictable conclusion.
BAD Less a misfire than a missed opportunity, Girl In Progress squanders its time in high school, neglecting the mother-daughter story that forms its more interesting core.
FAIR Coming-of-age story cautions against forcing adulthood.
BAD It never gives us a character we truly care about, or a consistent reason for watching.
BAD What is this movie? Is it meant to be heartwarming? Funny? Satirical? Moving?
BAD While Girl In Progress isn't a bad film, it just isn't good enough to really say anything all that meaningful about the task of becoming an adult in a challenging world.
FAIR Girl in Progress is an old story about a young girl told in a smart way, and that's something you don't see every day, no matter how many times you think you've seen it before.
BAD Girl in Progress seems like a work in progress.
FAIR The direction ... doesn't do justice to the fairly novel concept of a young woman consciously constructing her own coming-of-age scenario.
BAD A comedy-drama that veers between silly and serious but can't reconcile the opposing tones.
BAD Smart girls do stupid things, there's no doubt about it. But Ansiedad's bad behavior is supposed to be both faux and earnest, a premise that doesn't jell.
FAIR Even in all its movie-cuteness, Girl in Progress keeps its feet on the ground just enough to keep you watching.
FAIR Does it pull out all the melodramatic stops toward the end? Does it resolve its many climactic crises too neatly and too sweetly? Yes on both counts. But, then again, what did you expect?
FAIR A well-done, conscientious and funny little film that recalls "Clueless," only with more heart.
FAIR It plays with the idea that all rebellion is in some sense performed and makes a caricature out of the immature, attention-hungry mother, but it never liberates its characters from their molds.
FAIR Well-intentioned discussion points for Mother's Day.
BAD Can a single tone-deaf, wince-inducing joke, even one that's repeated, kill a movie? No. Not a good film. But a marginal one that has trouble finding its tone? Let's just say wisecracks about spouse abuse don't help this one.
BAD Attention, women! You should never sleep with a man whose only attribute is that you want to sleep with him. I should write a book of my own.
BAD This is being marketed as an ideal film for moms and daughters to see together on Mother's Day weekend. A long, awkward brunch sounds more fun -- and more truthful.
FAIR ... when Girl in Progress works, it's a thoughtful trip -- no matter how broad some of its missteps are...
FAIR There's little to complain about here, but there's also little to cheer about. Benignly enjoyable during viewing, the production ultimately takes too few risks.
BAD Riggen's lethargic direction, which favors a monotonous procession of static, centrally framed compositions, doesn't help matters in the slightest.
BAD Girl in Progress operates like a training-wheels melodrama for genre-uneducated tweens.
FAIR One of the absolute best teen-driven romantic comedies.
FAIR A good but patchy romantic comedy, 10 Things I Hate About You does not break new ground, but there are plenty of surprises that will insure a good watch.
FAIR ...a slightly above average teenage romcom.
FAIR Gil Junger's TV roots are revealed in his excessive reliance on close-ups and the cast's preponderance of TV actors.
FAIR It sounds awful, but Junger's movie is utterly winning.
GOOD Of all the teen films released this year, this one is, by far, the best.
GOOD Pure of heart and perfectly executed.
GOOD Unlike many high school movies, 10 Things contains actors who are able to rise above the silly stereotypes and give their characters life.
BAD The movie wimped out by blanding down the story and the characters to the point where she isn't really a shrew and he isn't really a maniac.
FAIR The notion of a contemporary high school as a hotbed of romantic intrigue is utterly apt, and the performances almost make the update work.
FAIR What raises this venture a few notches above your normal acne fare is an extremely clever screenplay
FAIR There have certainly been worse.
GOOD As satirical as it is romantic, this is one teen film that is wise enough to span generations in its appeal.
BAD It's a fast-food film, easy to digest, but nothing remarkable or memorable.
BAD By all rights it should have been as incredibly heinous as other recent juvenile jaunts, but it's actually kinda cute on occasion.
BAD I didn't exactly hate this film.
FAIR The script is surprisingly witty and filled with razor-sharp barbs hurled from just about every character.
FAIR Ni su trama ni sus personajes son de aquellos con los que se pueda identificar la mayoria
BAD It's so knowingly cute that most of its jokes go nowhere.
BAD Since the natural audience for this is girls under 18, do they really need the message that brains are a bad thing, dooming them to a dateless high school career?
BAD How much does this movie suck? Let me count the ways.
BAD Despite a tinny script, the cast puts in fine performances in what is a very unfunny movie. But the praise stops there.
FAIR The high school romance genre has become so popular that it's running out of new ideas and has taken to recycling classic literature.
FAIR Stiles Styles .
GOOD Easily transcends its hackneyed plot through vivacious acting, crackling dialogue, and sympathetic characters.
FAIR What would Shakespeare have made of all of this? I suspect he would have approved.
FAIR Definitely a cut above the current crop of teen-oriented comedies, thanks to an appealing cast of fresh faces, as well as a surprisingly literate script.
FAIR Unfortunately, much of this potentially good material is paced like a bad sitcom.
FAIR Overall, it plays well because of its non-stop pace, the interesting relationship between the sisters, and most of all, the enjoyable and engaging performances by stars-to-be Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles.
FAIR Stiles, whose slightly rushed, impatient delivery sometimes recalls the young Jane Fonda, lets enough sweetness seep into her portrayal to lend even the nastiest retort a hint of forgiveness.
FAIR Most of the picture is flat, spiritless and hopelessly staged.
FAIR When it's being its goofy funny self, it scores.
GOOD creenwriters Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith retain Shakespeare's morals and complicated conventions, while director Gil Junger keeps the pace fast, dodging cliches as often as he can.
GOOD Allen (as a result of his exposure to Bergman, perhaps) has greatly matured as a filmmaking talent. Annie Hall is, by far, his most sophisticated, most emotionally complex film.
GOOD Although Woody Allen had still to acquire great technical strength as a film-maker, this was the movie where he found his own singular voice, a voice that echoes across events with a mixture of exuberance and introspection.
GOOD This is the link between Allen's "earlier, funnier" stuff and more probing works like Interiors and Manhattan. Would that we all could build such masterful bridges.
GOOD Woody Allen's classic comedy has one opening scene after another, never seeming to run short of prologues and prefaces.
GOOD Many things mark Annie Hall's place in cinema history, but none of them are the reason you should see this movie. That would be the humour, poignancy and acute observation contained in each and every frame.
GOOD Seeing it again for the first time in many years, I'm struck by how perfect it seems.
FAIR A funny film, and it's fresh even today, though it's not a knee-slapper. Rather, it's a shrug-your-shoulder-and-grin kind of movie.
FAIR Funny movie about relationships. Not for kids.
GOOD It is unabashedly quirky and peculiar, but as such it has the kind of visionary quality essential to all truly great cinema.
GOOD Seminal, hilarious look at contemporary relationships.
GOOD Woody Allen at his smartest, wittiest, funniest and best.
GOOD For all the jokes though, it is the relationship between Alvy and Annie that makes it so wonderful.
GOOD Lifelong anhedonia may have robbed Allen of happiness, but at least it gave him some material.
GOOD Allen's only perfect movie.
GOOD It's good, but it's far from Allen's best film.
GOOD Woody Allen in his prime. Great narrative gimmicks and a tragically realistic story.
GOOD A near perfect romantic-comedy
GOOD Woody Allen is a genius. You can't even say that he really is an American filmmaker, because his movies are in a category of their own.
GOOD I love how honest this movie is. It's raw, it's awkward, and it's ugly, but it's all right there and right on.
GOOD Watching it again, 25 years after its April 1977 premiere, I am astonished by how scene after scene has an instant familiarity.
GOOD It's a slight story but what makes this film significant in Allen's long career is that it's really the first time he wrote adult characters.
GOOD Woody's most romantic and most poignant comedy, albeit a neurotic one.
GOOD Just when you feel like you want to look away, it brings you back with a devastating one-liner.
GOOD That this Woody Allen film is of such raw-nerved honesty is admirable. That it is also so incessantly funny is remarkable.
GOOD The dialogue is so perfect that the film seems to shoot right back at the audience, reminding them of themselves.
GOOD Even in a chilly movie like this, deaths have resonance (whether they're on camera, or off).
GOOD Hal Ashby's satirical parable on the way the USA surrenders itself to homespun evangelicalism gives Peter Sellers the role of a lifetime.
GOOD A Gumpish plot? Perhaps, but Being There is much more subtle and enigmatic than that.
GOOD Amazingly poignant performance by Peter Sellers.
BAD a product not of Ashby's essential modesty but of Kosinski's essential egoism.
GOOD If you are going to see only one Peter Sellers movie, see Dr. Strangelove, but if you're going to see two, then Being There also belongs on your must-see list.
FAIR While the story is utterly ridiculous, since not everyone would be fooled all the time, it still works as a charming work of fiction.
FAIR Ground Zero for the cult of Sellers.
GOOD A placid, poignant, well-kept secret of a movie.
GOOD Whether Being There is an indictment of our narrow view of the world, a celebration of empty-headedness or all of the above, "Life is a state of mind," and Ashby's film is a gift to treasure. [Blu-ray]
GOOD ...one of the shrewdest, funniest, and most touching sociopolitical satires in movie history.
GOOD So anti-Tom Hanks it ain't funny.
GOOD Peter Sellers' peculiar talents are ideally suited to the role of the idiot savant, and despite the Oscar going to co-star Douglas, his is the standout performance of a fascinating, funny film.
GOOD Jerzy Kosinski's modern fable gets a terrific translation to the screen due to his tight screenplay, capable direction by Ashby, and a marvelous performance by Sellers, one unlike any other in his career.
GOOD Brilliant Ashby classic, Peter Sellers' best.
GOOD a vital statement on our TV reality, on how we develop our heroes, and on how power perpetuates itself
GOOD Sellers' best
FAIR sellers is the book
GOOD Sellers at his most restrained -- and he's superb
GOOD One of those movies that always seems fresh and relevant. In fact, this is one instance where the work seems more relevant to our own era than it did during its own time
GOOD Everything Forrest Gump should have been and wasn't.
GOOD Peter Sellers absolutely shines in one of the 1970's finest comedies.
GOOD Satire is a threatened species in American film, and when it does occur, it's usually broad and slapstick, as in the Mel Brooks films. Being There, directed by Hal Ashby, is a rare and subtle bird that finds its tone and stays with it.
GOOD The overall tone is one of light drama, and it's only through its situations that it becomes a sly, witty statement on society, politics and pop culture.
FAIR Playing the part as if born to it, Cooper is at the top of his game, imbuing Deeds with just the right blend of empathy and intelligence.
GOOD Snappy lines, stellar performances, Capra classic.
GOOD A wonderful Capra vehicle; Cooper is superb; Arthur luminous. A comic movie with heart and a point to make. True Capra-corn, and that is not a criticism. A fine example of populist art.
GOOD Essential Capra and one of his best. Cooper and Arthur are luminous.
GOOD It's tough enough to film a credible morality play without being laughed out of town. It's altogether mind boggling to do so and provide a grade A romantic comedy to boot.
BAD The tedium of Mr. Deeds Goes to Town outweighs its message of freedom and charity.
GOOD Here is a shamelessly simple story with a populist point of view, but it is handled with such charm and charisma and acted so well by Cooper and Arthur that it became another Frank Capra classic.
BAD This flawed, fractured fairy tale fails to scare up many chuckles or much charm. As Ebenezer Scrooge himself might say, "Bah, humbug!"
BAD As superficial and melodramatic as one might've expected...
BAD Matthew McConaughey proves better than the material put before him in the intermittently intriguing Ghosts of Girlfriends Past
BAD Ideally, you want to see the male and female leads end up together in a romantic comedy; if not, it all starts to become kind of creepy.
BAD Although there are some sweetly sentimental moments, they are not nearly enough to redeem what is otherwise a fairly mean-spirited film.
FAIR A watchable pastiche of A Christmas Carol, this rom-com resorts to corny slapstick a bit too often but also manages to find moments of real resonance
BAD The comedy is reduced to pratfalls and embarrassing situations, and much of it comes across as just mean-spirited.
FAIR Director Mark Waters finds the movie's laughs in the supporting players: Michael Douglas, Emma Stone and Lacey Chabert.
BAD The only thing of note is that its star, Matthew McConaughey, doesn't remove his shirt
BAD Quirky supporting characters enliven this by-the-numbers romcom.
BAD McConaughey too once showed promise, but here he seems to be auditioning for a bad sitcom, while Garner misuses her gawky sincerity.
BAD I suppose your reaction to the film will depend to some extent on whether or not you find Matthew McConaughey a charmer. I don't, so I found Connor repulsive with no redeeming features.
BAD Let's be clear: this is trash, not very funny and sometimes jaw-droppingly insulting.
BAD The ending does a big flip flop, but if you go in with low expectations, you'll have a hard not laughing in Ghosts of Girlfriends Past.
FAIR Not as bad as you might think, but...
BAD Lose Michael Douglas and there is pretty much nothing about the movie that's appealing in even the smallest degree.
BAD A more appropriate title would have been Screwed, in reference to the character's predicament, and the audience's response to wasting money on this clunker.
BAD Ghosts of Girlfriends Past submits that Connor deserves to be saved by Jenny. But it never shows how or why she should bother with him.
BAD The whole concept founders on McConaughey's unalterable cheesiness. Flimsy though it is, the film has a couple of okay jokes, and might have been passable with a more endearing star.
BAD Tired slapstick, an air of cheesiness, some bad '80s pop songs and spurious emotion -- at the service of an unlikable screenplay with a downright nasty tone.
BAD McConaughey is just too good at being a sleaze; he sold me and I never believed his transformation. Meanwhile Garner faded into the woodwork
BAD Sleazy, shallow and at times downright tasteless, 'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' would have Charles Dickens spinning in his grave.
BAD It shamelessly rips off all of the films and TV specials that have also ripped off his brilliant, metaphor-filled story.
BAD When the movie is not immersed in the main character's subconscious it's almost unspeakably bad.
BAD There are some things that even Matthew McConaughey's laid-back charm can't fix.
FAIR far better than the last two opening summer weekend counter-programming choices (Made of Honor last year and the dreadful Lucky You in 2007)
FAIR It's fortunate director Mark Waters thought to surround his pretty-boy star with so much talent -- without their combined efforts, this wouldn't stand a ghost of a chance when it comes to offering any semblance of entertainment.
FAIR Kind of cute ... it never takes itself too seriously and is filled with deliciously cheesy lines.
BAD When I first read about this movie several years ago, it was a star vehicle for Ben Affleck, and I thought it was a great idea. I was wrong.
FAIR I'm almost embarrassed to admit I found Ghosts of Girlfriends Past the season's first genuine guilty pleasure.
BAD In a movie as spiritless and stupid as this, you can't help but look for clues you've hit bottom.
BAD McConaughey has never really found his niche as a movie star, occasionally scoring in an adventure film, but lumbering through a series of romantic comedies to no good effect.
BAD Only two characters might qualify as sympathetic.
BAD Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
FAIR By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
FAIR Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
BAD Ladies and gentlemen- this is it. This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
BAD Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness. Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't turn Will Ferrell into a colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur. Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
BAD ...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
FAIR Not really a film version of the oft-rerun '70s Saturday morning staple that happens to star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
BAD Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't sufficient to save Land of the Lost
BAD An odd film, which will hardly be enough to turn it into the massive hit that it needs to be.
BAD By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risque smut.
BAD There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this. About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
BAD Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
BAD A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not quite grungey enough to wow older teens.
BAD It's not just the land that feels lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest. After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
BAD A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
FAIR It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags. It's not going to win any awards. Really, it's a DVD rental. There are some laughs. I laughed, anyway.
BAD The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
BAD Neither conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
BAD It's not clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, is camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
BAD Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
BAD Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
BAD Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
BAD As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired. Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
BAD The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots. It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
BAD The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged. Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
BAD A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure. Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
FAIR Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
BAD Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
BAD It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't seem far-fetched you might believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- educated scientist.
FAIR The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
BAD Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
BAD A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
BAD In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
BAD Just too random and silly to make any sense at all. Although there are a few laughs along the way
BAD Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
GOOD Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
BAD perhaps the movie isn't quite weird enough, so instead of seeming inspired in its dementedness, it just seems inept and desperate
BAD If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more. If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
BAD The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
BAD This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
BAD There are countless mentions of feces and urine. A woman is fondled several times. The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
FAIR The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95. And you know what? In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
BAD ...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't extend to making something out of a nothing script.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
FAIR Woody Allen's altar is the art of filmmaking, and Stardust Memories is his crisis of faith.
FAIR A disappointing outing, despite its many laughs and inside jokes.
GOOD An overlooked Woody Allen gem
BAD It's the first Woody Allen film in which impotence has become the situation rather than the problem. This is a movie about a guy who has given up.
GOOD Invokes the mood of an early Fellini film as it swirls through the troubled recollections of a film director, played by Mr. Allen.
GOOD Woody Allen does Fellini -- and the result is one of his best films.
GOOD Woody Allen rips off 8 1/2, and the results are often funny and visually intriguing.
BAD Woody the pretentious; has some moments, but overall it's too self-conscious.
GOOD It is a fairly brutal and stylized account of the miseries of a famous comedian/director.
FAIR call me crazy but i liked it
BAD the concept was rife with possibilities that could synergize with Graynor's fresh appeal as well as her rising-star status. Neither the possibilities nor the synergy happens, mainly due to an underdeveloped story.
FAIR Sure, there's some ribald humor, and the subject matter is clearly edgy. However, it's really a sweet story of friendship wrapped in a sexy package.
BAD If there's one thing more annoying than the dumb mainstream sex comedy, it's the dumb mainstream sex comedy that has aspirations towards indie funk.
FAIR Colourful direction and sparky performances help make this friendship comedy watchable, although it never seems like a finished film.
BAD The film keeps trying to be filthy and outrageous, but is actually rather timid.
FAIR Disarmingly sweet, defending the girls' enterprise and friendship in the face of all judgment.
BAD Has emotional authenticity and a decent laugh quotient, but overall enjoyment is marred by general ridiculous and unresolved sub-plots.
FAIR Earns points for focusing on the central female friendship and for its refreshingly frank and breezy attitude to sex, though it's slightly let down by a late-arriving plot development that fails to fully convince.
BAD Think American Pie (without the sight gags) meets Sex and the City (without the gloss) and you've got this, a girls-on-top comedy that's all spit and no polish.
BAD Watching [Travis] add his kitschy touch to such a witless, faux-edgy movie can only be described as a Travis-ty.
FAIR For A Good Time delivers, yes, exactly that.
BAD [It] sports such a puppy-ish desire to be liked, but for a really good time, you'd be better off just watching Bridesmaids again.
FAIR The idea that phone sex workers can turn out to be quite different than their disembodied voices imply might be worth exploring by a more earnest, diligent and engaged intelligence than whatever drove this project.
GOOD The two charmingly funny leads and smart, timely dialogue are what make the film work; bottom line, calling upon this comedy flick will definitely result in a good time.
FAIR While the film still earns a recommendation, a better buildup and a few more potent gags might have elevated this from bridesmaid status in the comedy genre to Bridesmaids status as an across-the-board hit.
FAIR Graynor confidently graduates from best-friend roles to a witty, wise-cracking and hilariously sexy leading lady.
BAD A phoned-in sex comedy that arrives with all the charm and warmth of a wrong number
BAD Consistently tries too hard, one-upping itself with mostly unfunny vulgarity while paying little attention to plot or believable character development.
FAIR The movie gets a lot of mileage out of the appeal of its two stars. Miller and Graynor work well together and cultivate an authentic, even touching, relationship.
BAD There's a difference between comedy and behavior. For a Good Time, Call... aims for the former but mostly contains the latter.
FAIR The film is worth seeing for the humor and for its high level of energy, but it falls short of being the "complete package."
FAIR Graynor has delivered reliable comedic backup before, stealing the show in Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist and the otherwise dreckful What's Your Number?. Here, she's second to no one.
BAD The film (a) is not recommended for the prudish and (b) does not live up to its title.
FAIR A shallow movie with nothing new besides than the exalatation of the bonds of female friendship.
BAD The film is a wobbly attempt to follow in the stilettos of "Bridesmaids," but its tissue-sharp punch lines and undernourished characters fall woefully short.
FAIR This hot-pink and leopard-print take on a familiar formula is so energetic and self-assured that it powers past its predictability.
BAD I watched "For a Good Time" with horror at how awful it is.
BAD For a good time, don't.
BAD Director Jamie Travis is content to keep FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL... at a sitcom level, set in a squeaky-clean, good-natured New York.
FAIR Smutty, salacious female relationship comedy, appealing to the libidinous 'Sex and the City' and 'Bridesmaids' crowd.
FAIR This spoof of the great fictional-film detectives offers consistently funny scenes.
GOOD As light and insubstantial as one could wish.
GOOD Generally successful send-up of classic mysteries with a lame finale.
FAIR A sometime funny satire on the old murder-mystery detective series of the 1930s and '40s. Some jokes hit, while others just bomb.
FAIR Hit & miss mystery spoof hits more often than it misses.
BAD Far from great.
GOOD ...pokes fun at every old fictional detective you can think of and every cliche you've ever wanted to red pencil out of a script.
GOOD Sequel? Remake? Call it whatever you will. It's still funnier than most movies out there in actual theaters and a nice gift for the fans.
BAD It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
FAIR Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
FAIR Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
GOOD Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
GOOD It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
FAIR A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
BAD For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
BAD Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
FAIR ...it's hard to really dislike a flick in which a beating is administered with a sack full of oranges.
FAIR I was more than 100 miles away from home when I saw this movie, so I wasn't sure if it counted... The more bizarre the situation gets, the funnier it is - with 'movie violence' and classic physical comedy.
FAIR Always quite funny and sometimes even a bit sinister.
FAIR Between the toe twinkling and ivory tickling it's still a comfortable, cosy way to pass an afternoon.
FAIR Although all the holiday's are covered, this is really a Christmas movie at heart. Overshadowed by its more famous (and overrated) remake, Holiday Inn deserves more credit than it gets.
GOOD This classic musical paired Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire for the first time.
GOOD Classic musical with some controversial material.
FAIR The film's highlight is a bang-up July 4th 'Let's Say It with Firecrackers' that finds Astaire in fine form.
FAIR Call it old-fashioned or old Hollywood fluff, Holiday Inn is a sweet, pleasant slice of another time in pop entertainment.
GOOD Great songs and stars and a pretty good script, too
FAIR One of Astaire's low points, but with a sensational 4th of July dance number.
FAIR Despite not being the success it could have been, this can still inspire a festive glow.
GOOD Holiday Inn, is, of course, filled with the kind of pretty Christmas songs and picture-postcard scenes of snow and horse-drawn sleighs that make for beloved holiday movies. But there's also some darkness lurking here.
GOOD French film about two adventuresome youth who go into training for the end of the world
BAD Though amicable and funny, it might disappoint those expecting a film more ambitious and layered from the praise of the [Directors' Fortnight] jury.
GOOD Quite possibly the greatest romantic comedy since Some Like It Hot.
FAIR Reiner wants to maintain the sitcom sense of comfort and familiarity; he creates types that we somehow already know, slightly out-of-focus images in which we can see ourselves and our friends.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally pleasantly affirms the institution of marriage while showing how difficult it is to achieve a lasting one.
GOOD The summer's uncorseted, unqualified delight.
GOOD What knocks it out of the park is the combination of Ephron's insights and Reiner's matchless comic chops.
GOOD The fake-orgasm-in-a-deli set piece propelled Ryan into stratospheric stardom, but there are numerous other pleasures to be found in Nora Ephron's Oscar-nominated screenplay and Rob Reiner's astute direction.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally is funny and likable, but it will be a torture chamber for anxious singles.
FAIR If you love vintage Woody Allen, you'll like the nouveau Rob Reiner.
FAIR During the slow passages, I wondered to what extent the film's creators are aware of its Woodyisms, and to what degree they feel guilty about ripping Allen off.
FAIR ...a better-than-average romantic comedy that remains just as relevant now as it did in 1989...
FAIR Director Rob Reiner has a killer instinct for setting up jokes and punchlines, and is vastly aided by the performances and chemistry of Crystal and Ryan, as well as crisp supporting work from Carrie Fisher and Bruno Kirby.
GOOD Reiner's film breaks the romantic-comedy mold because it's not so much about Harry and Sally as it is about men and women.
GOOD What keeps the momentum going, despite the story's predictability, is the dialogue and the chemistry, which makes for a high-wire act.
GOOD A classic romantic comedy.
BAD Overrated nonsense about two people who would never date in real life.
BAD Much valued in some corners, but found downright painful in this one.
FAIR What Harry and Sally do -- the true focus of this often funny but amazingly hollow film -- is saunter through the romanticized lives of intelligent, successful, neurotic New Yorkers.
GOOD The best romantic comedy ever made.
GOOD Meg Ryan-Billy Crystal romantic comedy is hard not to like.
GOOD This film is pure fun from start to end, and it made me want to be in love again.
GOOD The writing and direction plays with the [romantic comedy] form and your expectations alike throughout, and with such good performances the film makes for a deliciously prickly ride with laugh-out-loud moments and scenes that resonate through the story.
GOOD takes its time in exploring the long, sometimes bumpy, and often comical process by which two people might discover they are in love
GOOD We have to give When Harry Met Sally... credit for what it did: Make one of the few romance films that bears any kind of truth without also being a dark comedy.
GOOD The script is an excellent breakdown of timeless conversations between the sexes...witty repartee between the two leads, and a beautifully constructed love story that is carefully assembled over time, and gently eases you into the wonder of...love.
BAD When Harry Met Sally is alright as a piece of entertainment for a little while, but it is by far Reiner's worst film.
GOOD A sweet, cheerfully vulgar, and often very funny old-fashioned romantic comedy.
GOOD Offers an often humorous, occasionally poignant view of men, women, sex, love, and friendship.
FAIR ...consistently funny, with writing of the 'In a city of 8 million people, I have to run into my ex-wife!' calibre.
GOOD Although probably best known for its show-stopping deli scene where Sally demonstrates how a woman can convincingly fake orgasm, When Harry Met Sally has many other memorable moments that are funny and observant of the peculiarities of the sexes.
GOOD When Harry Met Sally . . . is an adult romantic comedy in a time when we don't get very many, and it has one thing going for it that gives it an enormous boost -- it's very funny.
FAIR What makes it special, apart from the Ephron screenplay, is the chemistry between Crystal and Ryan.
BAD ...nothing more than a sitcom-level romcom that becomes more and more predictable and flat-out conventional as it progresses.
BAD feels so derivative and warmed-over that it's actually hard to believe that, in 2006, someone decided to make a movie about this topic again.
BAD &#946;&#945;&#963;&#945;&#957;&#953;&#963;&#964;&#953;&#954;&#940; gags &#956;&#949; &#951;&#952;&#953;&#954;&#959;&#960;&#955;&#945;&#963;&#953;&#954;&#940; &#956;&#951;&#957;&#973;&#956;&#945;&#964;&#945;
GOOD a rare gem
FAIR Surprisingly well-acted, fast-paced, frequently amusing and packed with some really crazy kills near the end.
GOOD More amazing work from Gondry. If you're interested in a basic narrative, look away; if you prize inventive filmmaking, don't miss it.
GOOD The Science Of Sleep is truly a delight at times, a startlingly original piece of work that's not as accessible as Eternal Sunshine but is every bit as magnificent when in full flow.
GOOD It's kind of weird and very French, but don't let that scare you. The Science of Sleep is well worth your time.
BAD It's not that The Science of Sleep is a terrible film. It's not. It's just that it doesn't operate properly and there's nothing worse than seeing a film in which obvious design and potential is ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR A visual treat from beginning to end.
FAIR Another comic love story that takes us inside a character's psyche, but Kaufman's rock-solid jokes are replaced by whimsy.
FAIR Gondry always manages to maintain a childlike wonder in the magic of creating a moving image, and never is it more evident than in this film.
FAIR It's whimsical to the point of maddening. Bernal does his best, but there's only so much fawning any man can get away with.
BAD It's all lovely to look at, but becomes progressively wearisome.
BAD Dreams are easy to invent, and as easy to forget. The real challenge is to invent stories that have a stake in logic as well as truth.
GOOD A thwarted love story that does not trade in the degraded cliches either of romance or conventional sexiness.
FAIR There's a very thin line between amusingly quirky and just plain pretentious. I'd say this falls somewhere in the middle.
GOOD As the movie progresses, we're presented with one of the best portrayals of the innate awkwardness of first love I can ever remember seeing.
GOOD Beautifully directed, charmingly surreal and genuinely romantic, this is the perfect offbeat date movie and easily one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Mischievous and magical, Gondry's bizarro movie offers visual pearl after visual pearl but no string to tie them together. Ou est Kaufman?
GOOD It suffers occasionally from self-consciousness and over-indulgence in its own oddity, but Gondry's grasp of emotion and visuals is enchanting. Even if he seems several sandwiches short of a picnic.
GOOD Credit should be shared with the leads; together they're silly, giddy, irrepressibly inventive - a lot like the film itself.
FAIR I'm not sure I would have recommended it in the theater %u2013 where you're paying full ticket price and therefore expect a cohesive experience %u2013 but on DVD it's worth a look.
BAD Although it has its moments to delight the eye, in the end the movie is neither very cerebral nor very charming but more like weird and wayward.
FAIR Suffers from weak character development and mashed plot continuity, but offers a handfull of beautiful, fresh imagery to make up for it.
GOOD A sweet, charming, stylish movie that reflects well on the magnificent career of Michel Gondry
GOOD Un spectacle extravagant dont meme les quelques imperfections respirent la grandeur d'un cineaste qui se trouve toujours en pleine possession de ses moyens.
FAIR Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film, deriving humor and pathos from Stephane's difficulties with his waking life.
BAD Writer/director Michael Gondry bets his film that the viewer will be so engrossed in his characters and images, they will not mind having the rug pulled form under them time and again. He loses that bet.
GOOD The Science of Sleep, his latest effort, continues in the same singular direction as its predecessors; simultaneously confounding, fascinating and enchanting, the movie does not quite find the populist pulse that did its predecessor, but as the fir
FAIR As for Bernal and Gainsbourg, they sell their unconventional romance convincingly. And in support, French character actor Alain Chabat steals a couple of scenes as Stephane's piggish co-worker.
GOOD The most strikingly original film to hit movie screens this year -- or practically any other year for that matter.
BAD Maybe Gondry should have put more science in his fantasy of unrequited love, because little about it feels grounded in anything real ... Like most dreams, you're liable to forget about it in the morning.
FAIR Even the most experimental moviegoers, though, may wish for more of a story than what's provided.
FAIR I doubt any other movie of 2006 will inspire as many walkouts as The Science of Sleep, a declaration which in itself should function as a no-holds-barred recommendation for those seeking something unusual in their moviegoing diet.
GOOD If cinematic weirdness is your bread and butter, The Science of Sleep is a feast for the imagination and a triumph of creativity.
GOOD Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism; vivid bold and fearless, the seam of reality is present but you're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions, while taking an established artform to a different level.
FAIR As was famously said, we'll always have Paris. Very few, even the makers of Amelie, have Paris quite like Gondry.
FAIR Gondry fails to come up with a story to support his visual whimsy. But his flights of fancy are intriguing on their own, and his two lead actors captivate throughout.
BAD Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious.
FAIR The movie plays like an exhausted hallucination, disjointed and frustrating, much of it owing to the lack of chemistry Gondry allows between his stars.
GOOD The amount of tragedy delivered by this story would feel abusive if a lesser talent was at its center.
GOOD In a performance as raw and naked as I can recall seeing, Jeon navigates the ebbs and flows of Shin-ae's grief.
GOOD There is a natural tendency to appreciate movies that are neat and concise. "Secret Sunshine" makes a striking argument for the antithesis.
GOOD a wrenching, darkly comic and immersive work
GOOD Profoundly moving, intelligent and unflinching. It boasts a brave, emotionally devastating performance by Jeon Do-yeon.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of prose that is clear, elegant and lyrical.
FAIR [S]low portrait of damaged woman struggling against community expectations reveals universality [in] extraordinary Do-yeon who dramatically shifts gears again [and again].
FAIR It is unlikely you are going to see a more palpable portrayal of grief this year than Jeon Do-yeon's magnificent perfomance as Shin-ae in this Korean drama of the heart.
FAIR Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies.
GOOD There's more truth and wisdom in Secret Sunshine than I've seen at the movies in a long time.
GOOD A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow's journey into the far country of forgiveness.
FAIR Lee has a rare gift for depicting how the minor dissonance of everyday interactions eventually explodes into public displays of rage and despair.
GOOD This fourth film from Lee Chang-dong, one of the leading lights in the new South Korean cinema, begins as a young widow moves to the small town of Milyang, where her late husband was born and where she plans to work as a piano teacher.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
BAD They could have focused more on the similarities of best friends and a gay couple. Instead, they just try to offend everyone in sight and then act sorry at the end.
BAD You know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up as a Chinese wedding chapel minister. No, come to think of it, you know a movie is going to be bad when Rob Schneider shows up at all
BAD Above all the idiotic shenanigans and brutally offensive conversation, Chuck & Larry is flat-out a badly made movie.
BAD As complex as a garden-variety sitcom...
BAD Typical Sandler comedy overflows with stereotypes.
BAD Even before the 'gay' plot kicks in, the mix of bloated 'heroic' action with toilet humor and plugs for Hooters is unbearable...
BAD Den ehoyn adiko osoi apokaloyn ayton ton gamo anorimotitas kai sygkratimenis epanastatikotitas, tainia gia ta dikaiomata ton gay, ftiagmeni gia omofobikoys eterofylofiloys. Giati oso ki an paleyei na yperaspistei tin apodohi toy alliotikoy deihnontas tin
BAD In essence Dennis Duggan's film is patronising and a little degrading.
BAD Adam Sandler adds here to his lengthening charge sheet as the most repellent "entertainer" on the planet.
BAD My faith in a beneficent God, never strong, has been shattered by news that Alexander Payne contributed to the screenplay for this horrific new Adam Sandler vehicle.
BAD The film-makers behind I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry would probably claim a message of tolerance and personal growth, but this woeful Adam Sandler vehicle is as nasty a piece of sniggering homophobia as I have seen in a long time.
BAD It's not just homosexuals who will be outraged by this crass farce.
BAD Veering between kneejerk homophobia and PC proselytising for gay rights - often in the same scene - Dennis Dugan's comedy is an unhappy union.
BAD The closing message claims to promote tolerance, but this remains a lads' comedy: it's all about sniggering at pansies and peeking up girls' skirts. And even that market deserves something funnier.
BAD Not so much gay as bloody miserable.
BAD With ribald and stale jokes at odds with the slender social message, this wedding piece crashes and burns amid its own hypocrisy.
FAIR Enjoyable, sharply written and frequently hilarious, this is Adam Sandler's best comedy since The Wedding Singer.
BAD For my taste, "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" is a less than perfect union.
BAD Would be less offensive with a title like "Ladies and Gentlemen, The Bronx is Flaming."
BAD This film is made for less discerning tastes; that is, for those viewers to whom a running gag that has Sandler sitting in kid-sized chairs that inevitably break from under him is the pinnacle of hilarity.
BAD The makers of Chuck & Larry probably think they've accomplished something meaningful, but what they've really done is make a gay Soul Man.
FAIR James has a big screen quality that reminded me of Chris Farley, who could also find a way to be both sweet and funny
BAD There's a good movie to be found in [here], but it's repeatedly sabotaged by the desire to placate typical Sandler fans who, God forbid, wouldn't want their boy to get too, you know, fruity on them.
BAD An arranged fiasco that should have been annulled back in the planning stages
FAIR Overall, if you like Adam Sandler movies this one won't disappoint.
BAD When it isn't stupid and offensive, it's stupid and condescending -- I now pronounce I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry a four-alarm flaming pile of crap.
BAD The laugh to wince factor is about five to two in favor of winces.
BAD ...clumsy lunkhead slapstick...
FAIR I laughed enough to assure myself I wasn't wasting my time, but not enough to convince me Sandler isn't on cruise control.
BAD Your typical bad Adam Sandler comedy that earns a few extra points in the realm of intent -- or at least possible intent.
BAD Many, many things are wrong with Chuck and Larry, but its ultimate failure lies in the ludicrous explanation used to get its stars to the altar.
BAD This comedy isn't just juvenile, it's borderline brainless - the sort of bland, unfunny and, at times, slightly offensive drivel that one might expect from a grade schooler.
BAD I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry revels in gay stereotypes and allegedly funny uses of derogatory words, then tries to squeeze out a pro-tolerance message at the end. The whole thing rings as insincerely as an Isaiah Washington apology.
BAD You don't even need to find this movie offensive to hate it. You just need to stay awake long enough to notice that it's not funny.
GOOD "The Way Way Back" is a sharply written comedy that's full of wise and wise-guy moments.
FAIR The Way Way Back is a real crowd-pleasing charmer that breaks free of its familiar trappings with consistent humor and personal touches.
GOOD The most inspiring example of how to nurture confident responsibility in the young since Clint Eastwood's seminal Gran Torino (2009).
FAIR Sam Rockwell makes the biggest splash with a sizzling supporting performance. Not only is he naturally funny, but he has the great ability to make every sharp line of dialogue sound freshly improvised.
GOOD Collette and Carell endow their characters with poignancy and authenticity, while Rockwell and Janney are superb at wringing every possible bit of humour out of the sparky dialogue.
BAD The story manages to be both very familiar and somehow not quite believable, in part because the characters feel contrived.
GOOD Never mind the text; feel the texture.
GOOD For all the longueurs, there are still enough moments of near brilliance to sustain you through the trip.
GOOD An especially strong script gives actors plenty to chew on in this comedy-drama, in which writer-directors Faxon and Rash (The Descendants) take an observant look at the awkward connections we make with each other.
GOOD Warm, funny - and even fresh.
BAD A coming-of-age tale by numbers that don't all add up.
GOOD The dialogue sparkles, delivered by a cast on top of their game, in a movie that aims for subtlety rather than bravado.
GOOD This film's masterstroke is showing everything from Duncan's point of view, without the traditional cloying narration.
FAIR The Way, Way Back is an extremely difficult film to dislike, as one that has an amiable tone and series of endearing characters.
GOOD It's a sunny, funny and genuinely heart-warming watch.
FAIR It is likeable, and has some moments of truthfulness underneath the cliches.
GOOD A film for every age, whether you're an awkward kid, former awkward kid or awkward kid-adjacent. Funny, real and uplifting. A film that reaffirms your belief in the human spirit.
FAIR Deft, well-etched dramedy about the awkwardness of adolescence.
GOOD In winning an Oscar for their adapted screenplay of "The Descendants," ex-Groundlings comics Faxon and Rash proved they can turn a poignant phrase and still produce enough humor to save the day. They certainly turn the same trick here...
GOOD A pretty safe bet for a fun time no matter your age - a bit like a day at a water park, really.
GOOD Crafted with much TLC and sympathy, it's perfectly tailored to the tongue-tied teen in us all.
GOOD Provides a much-needed respite from overbearingly big summer movies. Think of it as a soothing breeze in the midst of a lot of blustering gales.
GOOD If this is hardly groundbreaking (just swap James' character from Jesse Eisenberg's in the similar theme-park set Adventureland), what works is how Faxon and Rash show the angst isn't all adolescent.
FAIR This is all seen through near-unknown James' eyes, and he makes Duncan a credible, even likeable 'hero' even while his inexpressive sullenness drives you mad.
GOOD A small, personal film that hits all the right notes while showing great acting in the process.
FAIR ...a perfectly watchable yet all-too-forgettable coming-of-age comedy.
GOOD Because there are a lot of memorable characters like Betty in 'The Way, Way Back,' Duncan's suffering and eventual triumph become a viewer's delight.
GOOD Like its summer cousin, The Kings of Summer, The Way Way Back connects the adult in all of us to the kid we once were. Or at least who some of us were at one time.
GOOD This warm and upbeat coming-of-age story is brought to life by some dazzling comic writing and the wonderful performances of Sam Rockwell and Allison Janney.
GOOD Why are so many coming-of-age movies set in the summer? Because that's when teenagers have certain freedom to pursue love, which often ends in heartbreak. 'The Way Way Back' is a summer coming-of-age tale that's realistic, funny and bittersweet.
BAD It certainly doesn't break the mould, but coming-of-age drama The Way, Way Back, from writer / directors Nat Faxon and Jim Rash, is sweet, gently funny, and full of terrific attention to detail.
BAD Aside from Carell's limited turn at doing nasty, it all feels terribly familiar, in a half-baked, Little Miss Sunshine-lite sort of way.
BAD Not expected to be great, but still disappoints.
BAD As a big fan of the original, I'd just as soon not acknowledge this film exists. My hunch is that stars Eric Christian Olsen and Derek Richardson feel similarly.
BAD There are so many built-in jokes in the title of Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd that I don't even know where to begin.
BAD This is one for the 'What were they thinking?' file.
BAD Its inclusion of Eugene Levy and the novelty of Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels impressions give this sequel an edge on its overrated predecessor.
BAD ...just re-watch the original instead.
BAD Apesar de nao ter pago para assistir a Debi e Loide 2, tive vontade de pedir meu dinheiro de volta quando o filme chegou ao fim.
BAD A good dumb comedy really needs to be a helluva lot smarterer than this.
BAD Navrant. Aucune valeur au-dela de l'imitation plutot reussie.
BAD ...instead of chuckling or even smiling at what material is thrown at us, we stare off without so much as cracking a smile.
BAD It's the dumberest movie I've ever seen!
FAIR If you like that kind of banal, rustic and sophomoric humor (and I have to admit, I kinda do), it might be worth a buck or two at a discount theater.
BAD Dumb and Dumberer's problems are many, but, first and foremost, it's a prequel.
BAD The easiest way to write a review of Dumb and Dumberer might be to say that it lives up to its title.
BAD Well, if nothing else, they got the name right. This is an immensely stupid movie.
BAD Completely worthless.
BAD Why, Lord, why?
BAD I really, really wanted to like this movie. But some things are impossible.
BAD Jaw-droppingly awful. It has that road accident feel. Try as you may, you can't look away, though I would strongly suggest not making eye-contact with the film.
BAD It's hard to believe that someone, somewhere, actually said, 'Hey, let's make a prequel to a movie that had nothing going for it except Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels -- and we'll do it without Jim Carrey or Jeff Daniels!'
BAD Nothing more than a cheap-looking, desperate attempt by New Line Cinema to ruthlessly suck the pockets dry of every fan of its infinitely superior predecessor.
BAD Do the Farrelly Brothers think they're paying homage to the greatest physical comedian of them all by naming these two losers "Harry" and "Lloyd"?
BAD Even with its scant running time, this nightmarish travesty barrels along with all the whipcord speed and nimble comedic grace of a loved one's funeral.
BAD If I sat down and watched Dumb and Dumber for a fourth time, I would certainly laugh at it more often than I laughed at this amiable-but-unnecessary sequel.
BAD Including a parcel of strained bloopers at the finale, the flick clocks in at about 81 minutes. Hell, even DISNEY would have the decency to release this crap directly to video.
BAD ...one of the most rancid disappointments ever to be hatched as an intentional piece of flavorless entertainment. Undoubtedly, this dispiriting dreck has all the allure of a pepperoni-induced burp.
BAD Merely stupid and not the least bit funny.
BAD The movie should have been called The Dumbest, because it no doubt will emerge as this summer's most inane release.
BAD If ever a title told the truth, it's this one.
BAD Every bit as awkward as its title, 'Dumb And Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd' is missing not only Carrey and Daniels, but also the creative spark and anarchic spirit contributed by brothers Peter and Bobby Farrelly, who wrote and directed the original.
FAIR It's gleeful, unembarrassed idiocy and darned if it isn't pretty funny.
BAD You can't say Dumb & Dumberer doesn't come with a built-in warning, right in its title. Heed it.
BAD Other than the dead-on impersonations -- whose charm quickly wears thin and then off -- there's no reason to waste your money on this lame effort.
BAD Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd sounded like a bad idea, and the movie removes all doubt.
BAD Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd may be the dumbest, at least this year. Sad, for those who recall its very popular and funny parent.
BAD Christian Olsen to mug so hard as Lloyd that he looks like Carrey being demonically possessed by Jerry Lewis.
FAIR All in all, Dumb and Dumberer is a slap-happy time at the movies, if you enter with bottom-feeder expectations.
FAIR Dumb and Dumberer is, without a doubt, the dumbererest film you'll see all year. But you should see it, for one reason: Eric Christian Olsen.
BAD A flat-footed comedy whose best moments are in the outtakes at the end.
BAD For those who recall the laxative overdose sequence in the original D&D as a comedy classic, there's a gag here about a melted Hershey bar that I thought might make the preview audience soil itself. Bear that in mind.
BAD Dumb and Dumberer's worst offence is that it constantly reminds you how much funnier the original was; it's like watching a stoner re-enacting Monty Python and getting the jokes totally wrong.
GOOD There's an unshakable confidence about this coming-of-age fable that matches that of its central character, Max Fischer.
GOOD Rushmore offers more than simply a series of high-grade yuks; it's a finely-judged parable on the line between self-delusion and reality.
GOOD Anderson fulfills the promise of his inventive Bottle Rocket with this quirky, often hilarious comedy, and Murray gives his most uproarious performance since the groundbreaking Groundhog Day.
GOOD Despite cute moments, nothing about Rushmore begs to be liked, which makes this modest comedy all the more satisfying.
FAIR Just when you expect the film to do something normal, it takes off like Murray -- riffing on reality as only he, and filmmaker Anderson, can.
GOOD It's somehow fitting that in this Maxcentric universe, Rushmore exists as a satirical comedy, full of dry wit and adolescent absurdities, and a bittersweet valentine to manipulative misfits who actually find the love they deserve.
GOOD There's a danger of overselling Anderson's sweet-hearted, loony little fantasy, but everything -- from the soundtrack of '60s Brit bands with their jangly anthems of angsty love to Robert Yeoman's slightly hyper-real photography -- fits perfectly.
GOOD Bill Murray -- playing a depressed millionaire -- steals every scene in this quirky, edgy and very funny tale of an outsider who just might end up leading all those who laugh at him.
GOOD Rushmore is accurate enough on the teen-angst front to make you wince, yet whimsical enough to make you want Max to win.
GOOD One of the freshest, richest, most original films to come out of Hollywood in a very long time.
GOOD Rushmore may have shades of J.D. Salinger's writing and Hal Ashby's movies, but Wes Anderson pulls humor from the trickiest of situations and always manages to surprise.
FAIR Probably of more interest to adults than to teens.
GOOD Besides being a terrific film in its own right, seen today, Rushmore almost seems like a trailer for the films that have followed it.
GOOD To paraphrase Herman Blume, Rushmore is my Rushmore.
GOOD Moments of classic slapstick rubbing elbows with moments of painful candor.
GOOD Another quirky, hard-to-put-your-finger-on delight from the boys who brought us Bottle Rocket.
FAIR It's nice to see that there are still comedies out there that don't need to resort to gross-out humor for a laugh.
GOOD Anderson is unable to frame an uninteresting shot.
GOOD It's a better coming of age movie than anything John Hughes ever did.
GOOD Director Wes Anderson never lets the audience in as to whether he sees this story as humorous or pathetic.
FAIR Something very special.
GOOD While Rushmore can be analyzed from many angles, I think it's most interesting as a daring and original character study.
GOOD ... Rushmore is no ordinary movie...
GOOD The viewer is never certain where director Wes Anderson will go with this story.
GOOD Rushmore is no ordinary movie.
GOOD The filmmaking itself is fresh and original; lots of fast-paced camera work, splashy colors and quirky angles.
GOOD Quirky and hilarious. Schwartzman is the best underdog since Cusack in BETTER OFF DEAD. Bill Murray gives the finest, funniest, and most deadpan performance of his career.
GOOD Rushmore is often touching without being too sappy and funny without being too obvious.
GOOD One of the best films of 1998, possibly one of the best American comedies since The Graduate or Annie Hall.
GOOD Rushmore [is] a delicious, twisted treat... it is unpredictable.
BAD Nostalgic fantasy about replaying that high school game with all the jock pals.
BAD Speaks to our fantasies of rectifying mistakes of the past but drops the ball on a satire on small town foibles and marital discord.
BAD Such a rouser that it almost makes up for the incomplete passes and stopped runs that precede it.
GOOD Forgotten by most yet seemingly adored by those who choose to remember it, The Best of Times stands in my book as one of the truly great sports comedies.
GOOD It's a film to bring tears to the eyes of a cynic - in fact, a cynic might relish it more than anyone, since it's the counterpointing of exuberance with unashamed bleakness that makes The Last Five Years so rich.
BAD A musical lives or dies based on the quality of its songs, and though The Last Five Years delivers some solid tunes none of them are earworms that'll stay with you beyond the closing credits.
BAD Kendrick puts across her songs with toothsome charm and conviction but the flashback structure is cumbersome, the music isn't distinctive and Jamie is such a preening narcissist that you can't help but think Cathy is well rid of him.
BAD A patchy adaptation of a Broadway musical -- think The Umbrellas of Williamsburg -- which is elevated but not entirely saved by the presence of Anna Kendrick in one of the two central roles.
FAIR Even if this doesn't go down in cinema history as a great musical, it's certainly well worth a watch and a listen.
GOOD This is what Fifty Shades of Grey should have been. Only instead of whips and riding crops, the female lead must submit to infidelity and career humiliation.
FAIR LaGravenese's direction remains appreciably intimate, ensuring this project ends up close to where it began: not one for the ages, perhaps, but a pretty good night out nevertheless.
GOOD This may not be the "Happily Ever After" movie you wanted on Valentine's Day weekend, but it's the most real movie you'll see about love.
BAD An intriguing study of couples balancing their career with their relationship, but we get lost in the monotonous music, and crave just a proper, good old-fashioned conversation.
FAIR Anna Kendrick, of all-round-awesome fame, is singing again in this adaptation of an off-Broadway musical.
FAIR Careers and love collide in this cathartic New York-set sing-a-long session that relishes both life's highs and lows, only occasionally hitting bum notes.
FAIR Despite tuneless songs, Kendrick's and Jordan's bursting-to-wilting performances are worth the 90 minutes invested in this swiftly moving, set-to-music anatomy of a marriage.
BAD While it doesn't do anything glaringly wrong, neither does it do much to distinguish itself, or to warrant recommending it to anyone outside of the Glee fan community.
GOOD A heartbreaking and human-scaled musical romance that burns as brightly as its two stars, Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
BAD I love that Anna Kendrick is frequently making musicals, and hope she keeps doing so. And that the next few are better than this
GOOD LaGravenese has pulled off a tricky feat. The Last 5 Years may have a limited audience among musical comedy lovers (since there's nothing blowing up and no witches involved), but they will be appreciative.
GOOD Telling the tough truth instead of being lied to with a glamorized version of theatre through rose-colored glasses, "The Last Five Years" establishes Anna Kendrick as a serious singer through Jason Robert Brown's naturally flowing, unpretentious music.
BAD Star Anna Kendrick's appeal is stretched to its limit here, and her lover Jeremy Jordan's character is hard to take in large doses.
GOOD There's a tendency to try to assign blame in the aftermath of a failed romance, but The Last Five Years won't or, maybe, can't do such a thing.
FAIR LaGravenese should be commended for his vision and tenacity, which has helped to create a piece that should be catnip to fans of the modern musical theatre -- and in these post-Glee days, who isn't?
BAD When The Last Five Years ends, rather than experiencing a sucker punch to the gut, all that one really feels is... nothing.
FAIR The Last Five Years is a small, bootstrap kind of movie, obviously a labor of love, and it works well because of the passion, charisma and Broadway belts of the two leads.
FAIR An 'indie' musical, not just in its modest production values but also in the emotional intensity of its mumblecore-esque focus on the romantic and career struggles of a pair of artsy young people in a big city.
BAD Despite the considerable chemistry and energy Kendrick and Jordan bring to their starring-crossed lovers, The Last Five Years emerges as a surprisingly inert musical experience chronicling one of the most passive romantic breakups committed to film.
FAIR Kendrick and Jordan seem too squeaky-clean to convey the full weight of the characters' psychological baggage, yet LaGravenese's balanced, unpretentious direction allows the material to resonate all the same.
FAIR Jordan comes out of this movie respectably, while Kendrick comes out of it a star. In fact, she's potentially the first great movie musical star of her generation.
FAIR A very funny, deeply affecting portrait of love lost and found.
FAIR As far as I'm concerned, Anna Kendrick can make a musical twice annually for the next few decades.
GOOD Great even if you hate musicals.
FAIR Detailing the ups and downs of romance, Kendrick and Jordan enchant on screen.
GOOD The film is an enchanting creation -- a showcase for Kendrick's rising star, but also a bold shot in the arm for the musical genre itself.
GOOD Kendrick qualifies as the movie's secret weapon - actually not so secret now that she's charmed audiences in both 'Into the Woods' and 'Pitch Perfect.'
FAIR Musical adaptation has charming stars; some racy stuff.
FAIR Even though there are relatable hurtful truths found in this uncompromising pair, there isn't enough specialness in the characters or their story to make us feel for them.
BAD A bad sit-com of a movie.
BAD One completely unwatchable piece of bottom-feeding dreck.
BAD Formulaic and deeply unfunny.
BAD A kiddie comedy that's about as entertaining as treating diaper rash
BAD I'm still clawing out my eyes.
BAD Thanks to computers, we have seen some dazzling special effects in films lately, but even the best medicines can have unwanted side effects.
BAD Clark has made several terrific films, this is not one of them.
BAD You know, usually I expect the studios to dump all their cinematic turds in January but, man, it's March already and I'm still sitting through this stuff.
BAD Sometimes it truly is shocking to witness how bad a movie can be. (And the sequel is even WORSE! How!?!)
FAIR With the recent popularity of baby-themed shows, this film has perfect timing. Younger patrons will be drawn into the fantasy, while the humor is sufficient to keep adults interested.
BAD The movie is about as endearing as unanesthetized gum surgery.
BAD ..absolute cinematic torture; a maniacal insult to the foundation that humanity is made upon...
BAD This is a film so completely bankrupt of ideas that the last few minutes are composed entirely of short clips from elsewhere in the film...as if anyone would want to relive this travesty, even in the form of bite-sized none sequiturs.
BAD Easily one of the worst films in years.
BAD shares with most of Clark's other films an utter lack of taste and a genuinely ugly look; not only is the movie less funny than a case of diaper rash, it's even less picturesque.
BAD The film is short -- so short that they tacked a sentimental little music video on the end and still it finishes in plenty of time for you to go find a real baby and appreciate the far more entertaining and exciting reality of babyhood.
BAD Bad films are easy to make, but a film as unpleasant as Baby Geniuses achieves a kind of grandeur.
BAD I'll admit to chuckling a few times during the proceedings, but it's not worth losing 1 1/2 hours of one's life for a few minutes of amusement.
BAD One way to get through Baby Geniuses is to think about whether it really is the worst movie you've ever seen. Probably not, but pretty darn close.
BAD Baby Geniuses is the best argument for stronger child labor laws since the Olsen twins.
BAD The film has a freak-show quality.
BAD By the time the tiresome, surprisingly violent climax began, the last nail had already been hammered in this unfortunate film's coffin.
BAD Is it possible for a movie to be insulting from beginning to end, without pause at all along the way? As it turns out, yes indeed!
BAD Baby Geniuses doesn't waste any time getting stupid.
BAD Seems like alchemy in reverse - a golden property is turned into lead.
FAIR Spacey, the best reason to see Midnight, gives his usual suave, effortless performance.
FAIR Overlong and clumsy, but compelling.
BAD Sometimes Clint Eastwood does this. Forgets how to make a movie.
BAD I can't wait to read the book and see what all the fuss is about.
BAD An oppressively long cinematic oddball.
FAIR An intriguing and handsome production.
GOOD With an equally stunning soundtrack, this rollicking yarn is a must for all film lovers.
GOOD The film's got a big scope and a big heart, even taking time to decry class, social, and racial discrimination.
GOOD A great big Bollywood musical, complete with song and dance and doomed love triangles and elegantly photographed men playing cricket. And it's terrific fun, in a way that only great big musical fantasies can be.
GOOD A great introduction to the joys of Indian popular cinema.
GOOD This is a lavish production that will remain a favourite for years to come.
FAIR So fascinating, you may not notice how much time has passed when the credits finally roll.
FAIR There's no denying that when this film is good, it's very good.
GOOD After having seen this Cinemascope extravaganza in a theater, on DVD and video, I still think the big screen experience is worth it.
GOOD The most deliriously entertaining movie of the summer.
GOOD It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good, but it is.
FAIR Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.
BAD There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew.
GOOD An enormously entertaining movie, like nothing we've ever seen before, and yet completely familiar.
GOOD Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance, music, suspense and action.
GOOD A rippingly good, old-fashioned movie epic that takes the best of Bollywood cinema ... and elevates it for an international audience.
BAD A one-stop shopping experience in the cinema of the subcontinent.
FAIR An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that charms you into forgiving any of its shortcomings.
GOOD I have a new favorite musical -- and I'm not even a fan of the genre
FAIR If you haven't sampled India's indigenous cinema, this is a great place to begin.
GOOD It's not so much a movie as an experience, an exhilarating dip into different cultural waters to a place where lovers actually call each other 'beloved' and no one laughs.
GOOD A movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title, entertaining, enlightening, and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution.
GOOD About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come.
FAIR Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting.
GOOD It's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor.
FAIR Provides an entertainingly accessible introduction into the world of the Bollywood musical.
GOOD Rarely in either Hollywood or Bollywood has such magic been wrought so seamlessly by the concerted, coordinated efforts of so many for the enjoyment of all.
GOOD An affectionate homage to a popular genre that raises it to the level of an art film with fully drawn characters, a serious underlying theme, and a sophisticated style and point of view.
GOOD Unbeatable entertainment from India, and proof that the often derided Bollywood film industry is entirely capable of beating Hollywood at its own game.
GOOD In some ways, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood. Except it's much, much better.
FAIR If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun.
GOOD This is a movie that knows its business -- pleasing a broad, popular audience -- and goes about it with savvy professionalism and genuine flair.
GOOD Nicholson explodes on the screen in a performance so flawless in timing and character perception that it should send half the stars in Hollywood back to acting school.
GOOD It was Nicholson's first Oscar win and this remains, in many ways, his signature performance.
GOOD This film is one of the classic movies of the 1970s, thanks in no small measure to the talents of director Milos Forman.
GOOD The movie is both timeless and indicative of its own era, a period of anti-establishment movements.
GOOD Cast, direction, score, look -- perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect.
GOOD Nicholson gets to use all the colors on his palette, from quiet, troubled contemplation to the disturbingly truthful, live-wire jesting with which he has become best associated. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great cast, great screenplay and great performance makes One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest an enjoyable and thought provoking movie.
GOOD Viewed 30 years after its release, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest remains a very good motion picture, although one that perhaps just misses the pinnacle of greatness where its reputation suggests it resides.
GOOD The film remains as fresh, shocking, depressing and exhilarating as when it was released.
GOOD Ken Kesey's grim satire of institutionalized authority, bracingly filmed by Milos Forman.
GOOD A stirring indictment of how we determine who's sane and who's crazy.
GOOD A rousing, rock-the-boat feel pulses throughout the film, overpowering its weaknesses.
GOOD Without hesitation my No. 1 favorite of all time. At once a comedy and a tragedy, hilarious and heartbreaking, few films have ever achieved such a level of excellence.
GOOD Brilliant Nicholson turn...and Fletcher's nurse is one of film's best villains.
GOOD excellent in every way
GOOD Among the greatest films of all time.
GOOD Nicholson's best work
FAIR Is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest not a great film because it is manipulative, or is it great because it is so superbly manipulative? I can see it through either filter.
GOOD Masterful adaptation of a masterpiece novel. Nicholson deserved his Oscar.
GOOD This superlative 2-disc set ranks among my favorite DVDs of 2002, and I absolutely recommend it as a purchase.
GOOD One of a small number of Best Picture winners to deserve the statuette.
GOOD ...a terrific piece of moviemaking--thoughtful, poignant, funny, and uplifting.
GOOD The film is based on Ken Kesey's novel of the same name, and it's magnificently brought up to the screen by director Milos Forman.
GOOD My basic quibble with the film is that it's part and parcel of the movies' unfortunate tendency to romanticize mental illness.
GOOD Quietly shocking.
GOOD Along with It Happened One Night and The Silence of the Lambs, these are the only three films to win all four major Oscars (actor, actress, director, picture). It's still the only film to deserve it.
BAD The title not only succinctly sums up the basic premise, but the totality of Perry's development of it.
BAD We see very little of the women's vicissitudes, or the ways in which they support one another through their club.
BAD A contrived, formulaic, heavy-handed melodrama about camaraderie and the value of female solidarity.
BAD This is the third feature within a year (on top of two TV shows) to come out of Perry's fast food, drive-thru productions. So it's not surprising that the Single Moms Club feels like it was slapped together by someone who is ready to take the next order.
BAD [...]Single Moms Club cannot muster up the energy to be as insulting and offensive [or] as overtly, aggressively sexist as most of Perry's films [but the film] feels suspiciously like a glorified pilot for a television show[...]
BAD The moral here is that no challenge is insurmountable if you form a club. And keep a wine opener handy.
BAD In Tyler Perry's latest opus, "The Single Moms Club," he demonstrates how disparate stereotypes can find common ground through the power of a single cliche.
BAD [T]his is a film about catharsis and camaraderie, not logic.
BAD It's downright terrible at times. However, it's not nearly as awful as his two features that came out last year.
BAD "The Single Moms Club" is almost good.
BAD It quickly becomes a by-the-book, overly-simplified look at a quintet of single moms who find common ground coping with the challenges of raising middle-school age children and finding romance.
BAD A stacked deck of one-dimensional demonstrations of female oppression, explored - and overcome - with Perry's typically well-intentioned but misguided notions of empowerment, 'The Single Moms Club' ranks among the filmmaker's worst work yet.
FAIR An unabashedly-sentimental salute to single-moms from all walks of life!
BAD Excruciating.
BAD While the subject is very timely and worthy, this lame tale just falls completely flat.
BAD The great costumes and sets are more substantial than the plot and characters.
BAD This would probably be a hit in 2003. Yes, it is that horrible.
BAD "Nesting" is a sitcom, but a really slow and dull one that barely grinds out 22 minutes' worth of plot to fill a 90-minute hole.
BAD Writer-director John Chuldenko stretches a sitcom episode premise to feature-length breaking point in "Nesting."
BAD "Nesting" takes an old idea and tosses in a few today-sounding phrases in hopes of coming up with a fresh-feeling movie. But that isn't enough.
BAD The way Nesting goes out of its way to tell us where it's set is symptomatic of the film in general.
BAD these kind of movies push the buttons so hard and so shamelessly that they become annoying
FAIR ( ... ) the cinematography offers domestic drama pleasures in its own right. Thank you for caring, Salvatore Totino (Cinderella Man / Any Given Sunday).
FAIR There's an intriguing true story buried inside this overly structured drama, and by playing by simplistic screenwriting rules the filmmakers make everything trite and predictable.
BAD People like me who prefer subtlety just won't like People Like Us.
BAD Kurtzman directs with a heavy hand and huge earnestness, but it boils down to trite platitudes about fatherhood and family.
BAD Nothing Like Us would have been more accurate.
BAD Chris Pine's alpha obnoxiousness, even when deliberate, goes a long way to render this prodigal-son drama unappetising.
FAIR Engaging, enjoyable and unabashedly sentimental drama, enlivened by a strong script and tremendous performances from a superb cast.
FAIR People like you may enjoy it.
FAIR The ending is not only clever, but it will have an emotional kick, too, in all but the hardest of hearts.
BAD Banks makes a feisty soccer-mom, Wilde has nothing to do but look frostily on, and Pine smoulders pointlessly at everyone he meets, completely failing to suggest anything but complete vapidity.
FAIR No gimmicks, quirks or high-concept premise: this is one of those rare, quietly engaging films that is simply about ordinary people trying to relate to each other.
BAD Fans of Pine's eyebrows will enjoy all the bushy furrowing, but otherwise, there are more important things to cry about.
FAIR Certain elements of the plot are uneven but a number of captivating performances and an intriguing premise elevate People Like Us above standard drama fare.
BAD People Like Us is well-meaning and features good performances, but the story is a mess of contrivances and dumb narrative decisions that fail to hold any interest.
FAIR People Like Us wasn't made for me. If it was made for you, you'll probably like it, if you don't spend the entire running time waiting for two siblings to make out.
FAIR An affectionate drama marked and buoyed by engaging performances. The movie's apex of catharsis is a genuinely nice payoff, but the home stretch it takes to get there bends a bit too much toward convenience.
FAIR ... rises above its Lifetime-channel trappings ...
BAD Both improbable and dull.
FAIR Finally a movie with a realistic or at least possible plot, and Pfeiffer and Banks show their talent.
FAIR The formidable talent of the cast believably turns the contrivance-navigating characters into (yes) people like us.
FAIR Director Alex Kurtzman occasionally makes some decisions that undermine the veracity of the tale.
GOOD ...wonderful acting by Banks, Pine, D'Addario, and Pfeiffer complement the the excellence and tenderness of the story.
FAIR Best of all is Elizabeth Banks ... Come to think of it, Banks is frequently the best thing about any movie in which she appears -- tell me again why she isn't a huge star?
FAIR This cinematic gem is the perfect counter-programming to the typical noisy summer blockbusters. It grabs you by the heartstrings and elicits a deeply felt emotional pull. The ending will leave you in tears.
FAIR a perfectly acceptable 'Jerry Maguire'-lite for people who like to put their noses in other people's problems.
FAIR It's encouraging to see a wielder of studio heft test his mettle with the all-too-human. In a season of superheroes and their nemeses, Kurtzman takes on characters hurting, hoping, trying to rise to the occasion of family.
FAIR Solid writing and strong performances by leads Chris Pine and Elizabeth Banks propel People Like Us from a maudlin drama to a memorable one.
FAIR I just wish it had had the courage to be honest rather than using a gimmick about lying.
BAD Kurtzman apparently doesn't see the camp humor in his sudsy melodrama, instead using dim if handsome lighting and choppy editing to impose a pretense of 'realism' on material that is hard to swallow, whatever its real-life inspiration.
GOOD Some of the strongest writing in any movie so far this year.
BAD Left with little but to drag out an inability to tell the truth, this soap opera and its characters are propelled unhappily toward a predictably sappy happy ending.
FAIR It's undeniably manipulative and sentimental but it's also somewhat refreshing to see a drama that isn't laced with irony, cynicism, or some form of postmodern commentary on the genre.
BAD People, like us? Please? Nah ...
GOOD People Like Us looks great and feels lived-in, especially by Pine and Banks, who are both so charismatic and innately intelligent that they can make almost any plot mechanism seem organic.
BAD What they've really done is stitch together a decade's worth of Katherine Heigl/Jennifer Aniston/Kate Hudson romantic comedies, and then cut out all the romance and most of the comedy.
BAD Clunky, cloying, and contrived People Like Us limps to its lump in the throat conclusion infused mainly by fine performances by Michelle Pfeiffer and youngster Michael Hall D'Addario.
GOOD Absolutely terrific, tight, and focused filmmaking.
GOOD "Secretary" recalibrates the capabilities of meaningful romantic comedy - a "Pygmalion" variation that's stealthily tender, witty but never broad and scintillatingly erotic to the point of palpitations. Gyllenhaal and Spader give career-best work.
FAIR A twisted and very funny rethinking of the romantic comedy genre. Great performances by Spader and Gyllenhaal.
BAD A comedy? A wake up call? I'm not sure.
GOOD A great feature film with enough laughs, weirdness, fine performances and filmmaking flair to earn it a place on most critics' top ten of the year lists.
GOOD A grande proeza do filme e mostrar que, para os personagens de Gyllenhaal e Spader, seus desvios de personalidade nao sao defeitos, mas um caminho diferente para a felicidade.
GOOD It has an integrity to the kinkiness of its theme that doesn't shake loose but you'll get more out of it if you bring your analyst along with you.
GOOD Secretary might be too hot to handle for prudes and fuddy-duddies. But then again, it's the kind of film they might enjoy the most.
GOOD A sly female empowerment movie, although not in a way anyone would expect.
BAD Secretary operates on a level devoid of any plausibility or satisfaction. It's cold, overly-calculated, tasteless and meaningless in nearly every way possible.
GOOD Provocative, funny and one of the more offbeat love stories you're ever going to see.
FAIR Contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays. Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way.
BAD Anybody remember Shannon Tweed?
BAD It's an interesting exploration of people finding and accepting themselves and then finding the puzzle piece that fits this new shape.
BAD Even as the stakes are raised in Secretary's sexual give and take, the movie retains its detached, private mood.
FAIR It does what good films do best; that is to provoke us, push our buttons, make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process.
FAIR Suspend your inclination toward the politically correct for a couple of hours and I bet you'll find yourself, as I did, rooting for these two loonies to live slappily ever after.
GOOD Even though Secretary goes down an uncomfortable road, it does so in a way that is refreshingly honest, intelligent, and eminently watchable.
GOOD For grownups only, this is a sort of...romance.
FAIR Gyllenhaal is so winsome, so self-possessed, so knowing in her innocence, that she makes bondage seem (pardon the pun) captivating.
FAIR The film itself may leave you with an odd, unsettled feeling, if not a really bad taste in your mouth.
BAD Ughhh! Can we please give the 50's a rest?
FAIR ...not every movie couple has to look like Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks.
GOOD It seems to be a case of everyone thinking that the subject matter is so very interesting and unusual that it's all the film needs. To some degree, that's true, but that mentality threatens to turn the into My Big Fat Spanking Wedding.
FAIR It is . . . undeniably absorbing, playing like a great book. As the film splays across the screen, you may find yourself anticipating each new page, err frame.
GOOD Unless there are whips, chains or a whole lot of black leather in your closet, "Secretary" is probably not an ideal date movie.
BAD The one thing that's consistently involving in Secretary is Maggie Gyllenhaal as the secretary.
FAIR Notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour, I'm going to recommend SECRETARY, based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal, and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
GOOD A funny and somehow touching treatment of sadomasochistic behavior at the workplace. Spader and Gyllenhaal are fantastic.
GOOD Movies Secretary Director: Steven Shainberg Starring: Lesley Ann Warren, James Spader, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeremy Davies (R, 104 min.) Secretary is a testament to the importance of tonality in telling a story.
GOOD Obviously, Secretary isn't for everyone. But if you're willing to take a chance, you might be surprised to find you've enjoyed it.
FAIR Equal opportunity exploitation.
FAIR Gyllenhaal's deep yearning buttresses the film's swiss-cheese argument that pain opens the door to real feeling, and that Lee and Edward are sharing a love that's right for them.
GOOD Despite its flaws, Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions.
FAIR Whether it shocks or disturbs or amuses, Secretary deserves applause for doing something most movies avoid these days.
BAD Brushing your teeth is more fun
BAD One of the reasons we don't miss Demi.
BAD Unfortunately happens to star Demi Moore.
BAD Sappy, insincere and really quite boring.
BAD The first half of the film is dreadfully contrived and artificial, from the uneven acting to the stereotype-filled script, to the aforementioned set and production design.
FAIR It's not perfect, but boy, is it ever accurate and insightful.
GOOD High Fidelity, with its knowing take on men, messed-up romance and music, is like one long, hook-filled pop song for the eyes.
GOOD As a film about males it`s amazingly insightful for women. The soundtrack`s another great plus. I just adored this film.
GOOD You'll laugh, you'll cringe in recognition, you'll go home and start recording a new tape.
GOOD This slickly scripted, knowingly played and cameo-strewn comedy stands on its merits as an Alfie for the millennial generation.
GOOD The result is a romantic comedy that transcends its genre to become the giddy cinematic anthem of an era.
GOOD It's Jack Black who started scoring more film work based on his turn; he's hilarious as a record-store slob who's so contemptuous of the customers that he would just as soon chase them off as listen to their opinions and requests.
FAIR While the second half is a pleasure, it's the first half that's less impressive. I've seen this deadpan narrator with the bottled-up angst so many times that I looked to the lines and the minor characters to see me through.
GOOD Easily makes it onto my top 5 John Cusack movies list.
FAIR Funny, neurotic, and charming, but not for kids.
GOOD In his best Zeroes performance, John Cusack traced Rob's realizations and reconciliations with resonant thoughtfulness and wit - the worst-case scenario of Lloyd Dobler after Diane Court was done with him, resigned to life as an old, sad bastard.
FAIR The title lies--this comedy's delights rate strictly on the lo-fi scale, which is indicative of the appealingly laid-back vibe.
GOOD High Fidelity propose ainsi une vision realiste et jamais boursouflee d'une epoque ou le passage a l'age adulte aura ete repousse, dans certains cas, de pres d'une decennie
GOOD I can't see how anyone would not like this film.
GOOD Cusack meets Hornby's British self-consciousness with his own American brand, adding his Cusackian knack for romantic yearning.
FAIR Watching them all interact has the feeling of...well...a finely crafted mix tape.
GOOD When you see John Cusack being cool in a movie, you want to be him. And even though that's an adolescent's game, I haven't stopped playing it.
GOOD A finely tuned piece of work.
FAIR Like a wonderful piece of bubble gum that explodes with a rush of flavor then slowly fades away, High Fidelity delivers bright jolts of entertainment that never coalesce into anything substantial.
GOOD A humorously philosophical and pop-music-soaked study of the romantic relationship as seen through the eyes of a music geek.
GOOD Deftly directed by Stephen Frears the film boasts both a great soundtrack and a wonderful cast. Definitely one of the best comedies of the year!
GOOD This is a romantic comedy with thorns, a farce with heart, a love letter with guts. It is the kind of movie you can love for a long, long time.
FAIR High Fidelity would still make my Top Five list of movies about store clerks, higher than Allan Moyle's Empire Records, but lower than Kevin Smith's Clerks.
GOOD Top 5 Reasons to Love This Movie: Dialogue, Cusack, Fantastic cast, Vinyl music, Story/ soundtrack.
GOOD Um dos cinco melhores do ano.
FAIR A funny, perceptive movie about pop music, a man's confused passions for records and women, and the lure of perpetual teenagehood.
FAIR An ambitious and engagingly authentic adaptation of Bola Agbaje's Olivier award-winning play.
FAIR The comedy has some real moments of insight and wit but suffers from some of the hammiest acting around.
BAD The sketchy storyline is overly reliant on cliche, caricature and contrivance.
FAIR The film zips along with crackling dialogue and breezy moments of broad slapstick.
BAD There are some funny touches and moments of freewheeling energy, but it is too broad, with acting and directing styles that are a little like afternoon TV.
BAD An occasionally engaging but often hamfisted urban fable.
FAIR An upbeat and smart British comedy set on a council estate in Peckham which follows two estranged brothers around for the day, as they search for some okra.
GOOD Low-key, low-budget, high-intelligence, this is precisely the kind of film London ought to be producing.
FAIR A lively Brit-comedy of manners full of crackling dialogue.
GOOD While it's certainly social commentary, Gone Too Far is also a breath of fresh air in the often stifling stable of British sociorealism.
FAIR Repeat of first film lacks charm. Not for kids.
FAIR Frankly, I feel like a lot of the intangible 'heart' of the first movie is replaced here with an ongoing conversation about sex.
BAD Es casi imposible negar que se quedo muy por debajo de las expectativas.
BAD Se voce ouvir alguem dizendo que se identificou com Bridget Jones, meu conselho e: rompa a amizade. Voce nao vai querer perder seu tempo com alguem assim.
BAD A little Bridget unfortunately goes a long way.
FAIR Bridget is back, but the question is why?
FAIR The outrageous character Renee Zellweger has crafted is so dynamic and funny she's able to hold the sequel together.
BAD If Bridget Jones - a character incapable of learning from her mistakes - is a feminist role model, the movement's in for a setback.
BAD ...a desperate and disjointed farcical venture that feels terribly strained. There's no declarative spark or soulful snap to this dull romantic comedy
BAD Oscar winner Jim Broadbent turns up long enough to say, "I wish I was dead."
FAIR Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is not as good as the original - the Thai prison sequence makes certain of that - but it still works.
FAIR Although it is not quite as funny or believable as the first movie, the lovable Ms. Jones just squeaks by on her own (and her returning co-stars') charisma.
BAD the sequel gives us a heroine who acts like an idiot and then whines about the lack of men in her life.
FAIR A little too much like the movie version of a 'greatest hits' package -- only with the originals replaced by engaging but uninspired cover versions of all the songs.
FAIR Follow this fun from the streets of London to the slopes of the Alps and the shores of Thailand. Bridget will amaze and amuse you.
FAIR It's testament to Zellweger's likeability and skill that the film is still enjoyable, but it lacks the element of surprise.
BAD The sequel has about as much emotional depth as a sitcom, only without even the latter's meager laughs.
BAD [Zellweger's] never allowed to be quite as human, quite as pained. She's only allowed to be ridiculous.
FAIR This isn't a very good script. But Renee Zellweger is so charming, and so FUNNY, she makes the movie a joy.
BAD Use the money to go upgrade your original Bridget Jones DVD to the new swanky collector's edition (pick me up one, will you?) and save your money on this movie.
BAD ...le fric aussi a ses raisons que l'Age de raison n'ignore pas.
BAD With the exception of Zellweger, it's a film that has assembled its cast only for continuity of facial recognition and nothing so important as story, characters or emotion.
FAIR It may be worth a matinee for a gaggle of girlfriends, but guys should stay away and Helen Fielding, who created the character, should be ashaimed of herself.
GOOD Audiences will fall in love with Bridget Jones and Zellweger all over again.
BAD [I]t neither advances our understanding of the characters from the first film, nor does it make you especially eager to see a third entry in the series.
FAIR Despite the engaging core players, Bridget's second diary goes over the edge, leaving little reason for a third installment.
GOOD ...a superior sequel that accomplishes everything that one might've hoped...
GOOD A stone-cold masterpiece.
GOOD Charming, talky romance for older teens and adults.
GOOD As a romance streaked with regrets, obligations and fears, "Sunset" builds to a wistful, perfect conclusion - a fadeout infused with the idea that a memory's never finished as long as you're alive and one of the loveliest last-line exchanges of all time.
GOOD the film takes a miraculous healing turn at the end, and the characters rise above their ruefulness, and use it as a springboard into hope
GOOD Well acted, very well written, well told, and bears yet another ending that will keep audiences wondering.
GOOD Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy have reconvened to bring us this belated, yet very welcome sequel.
GOOD Before Sunset retains most of what was engaging about the first movie: it has its gentleness, its romanticism and, most importantly, its idealism. What it has lost is the sense of mystery.
GOOD A gemlike minimalist triumph -- deeper and more provocative than its predecessor.
FAIR However, between Delpy, Hawke, and Linklater, a script was born and once again the couple meets, this time in Paris, this time for far fewer hours (and in real time).
GOOD The dialogue captivates without ever feeling forced or cinematic...
GOOD The final 25 minutes of Before Sunset, starting with excruciatingly honest admissions from both parties in a car backseat, are the best filmmaking I've ever seen.
GOOD Una pelicula sobre la frustracion de crecer, sobre la constatacion de que la felicidad es un concepto extrano que se disfruta mucho mas como posibilidad que como meta.
FAIR I'm not sure if it's the actors or their conversation that makes the film appealing, maybe both, but it works in a sweet, thought-provoking way.
GOOD If you enjoy intelligent dialogue and believe in love, then you'll enjoy this film.
GOOD Here's an unusual sequel to an equally unusual film from nine years ago.
GOOD [a] charming, intelligent romance
GOOD O resultado e que este e, ao lado de Brilho Eterno de uma Mente Sem Lembrancas, um dos melhores filmes do ano. E, tambem como aquele, um dos mais romanticos.
GOOD Una experiencia de vida inigualable, una historia enriquecedora, un final inolvidable y perfecto. Magistral, una obra maestra.
BAD morally ambivalent about the importance of the family unit and personal responsibility...uninvolving dialogue, uninspired directing, deficient acting.
FAIR A lot of the prattle seems like the same-old half-absorbed guff that passes for profundity in so much of Linklater's work.
GOOD For all the talk, there's always something unspoken bubbling away in the space between these two ex-lovers...
GOOD Linklater's method, in an age when critics celebrate the egomania of M. Night Shyamalan and Quentin Tarantino, distinguishes him as Gen X's most literary director.
GOOD This is simply a wonderful piece of film-making.
GOOD Linklater gives his characters something we rarely get in real life: an opportunity to resolve the sense of loss and regret created by a blown chance at love and happiness.
GOOD Before Sunset may be the most unusual sequel this summer, but it's certainly the sweetest and one of the best.
GOOD What great chemistry! Again.
GOOD While it's not necessary to see Before Sunrise again, it's essential that you have seen it. [Get] the original, and then go see one of the best movies of the year...
GOOD For the movie's placid external nature hides a tumultuous emotional underside filled with recriminations, anger, hope, compassion and love.
GOOD A richer experience than the original.
GOOD The ex-lovers' new conversation is stimulating and banal, selfish and broad-minded, affectionate and recriminatory, insightful and obtuse -- in short, the kind of dialogue two people might have while pouring out their hearts and poring over their pasts.
GOOD A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise, this is a thoroughly engaging, well written film with perfect performances from Hawke and Delpy.
FAIR Jesse and Celine seem like real people, complete with flaws and weaknesses. That they become so fleshed out in such a brief running time is a testament to the script and Hawke and Delpy's acting abilities.
FAIR An intelligent, engagingly honest study of love lost and, just maybe, regained.
GOOD Possibly the single most subversive fact about the film is that all else being equal, it's one of the best original movie musicals in a generation.
FAIR Entertaining raunchfest; not for kids.
FAIR Manages to be both amazingly stupid and clever at the same time.
BAD Nastier than it is subversive or funny.
GOOD Among other things, the South Park movie restores the happy shock and exuberance of talking dirty.
GOOD This movie is nasty, shocking, hilarious, and close to brilliant.
GOOD If, like me, you're sick of every work of art getting judged by your grandmother's delicate sensibilities and would like to watch some real artists have some fun while flipping off the cultural watchdogs, this film was made for you.
GOOD It's savagely funny, it's true to the core essence of the show, and it expands on the show in ways that television, due to content restrictions and time limitations, simply couldn't allow. And the tunes rock.
FAIR Vulgar and tasteless as usual, but most definitely longer and, quite obviously, to its detriment, uncut.
GOOD It will offend a lot of people who need to be offended once in a while.
GOOD I found this film hysterically funny and quite thought-provoking.
FAIR Rude, but inspired.
GOOD Inspired, brilliant filmmaking and one of the most scathing satires to come along in some time.
FAIR Howled like a banshee, I did. But I felt really guilty about it, so maybe I won't go straight to hell -- where, as it happens, about a third of the movie takes place.
GOOD One of the sharpest satirical movies of the '90s as well as the best musical comedy in at least 20 years?
FAIR The satirical message is that the moral defenders of impressionable American youth would literally rather see violent death than obscenity, but Parker and Stone end up delivering both in overabundant quantities to prove their point.
BAD You can't shake the feeling that 60 minutes of comedy has been stretched and teased and goosed to make 80 minutes of movie.
BAD A quarter of an hour would have been plenty of time with these tart-tongued tiny tots.
FAIR Raunchy, riotously irreverent and thrillingly rangy!
GOOD You can't get around it sometimes: a swear word is all that will do. This is one of those cases.
GOOD I was reasonably sure I was going to enjoy the film; what I didn't expect was a first-rate satire of censorship and the kind of political hysteria that currently threatens to create it.
FAIR Yes, it's offensive and rude and lewd and I don't feel comfortable with the idea that kids are probably going to have access to it, but ... man, it's funny!
GOOD Very funny, extremely obscene.
FAIR While there aren't more than a handful of gut-busting, laugh-aloud moments, there is enough sly, slick humor to keep the average viewer chuckling throughout.
FAIR The year's most slashing political commentary is not in the new films by Oliver Stone, David Lynch or John Sayles, but in an animated comedy about obscenity.
FAIR Loud, funny, crude and very rude.
BAD A cringe-worthy crude comedy that has more bark than bite.
BAD Heartless, brainless and unable to do anything with what it does have to offer, Old Dogs doesn't know who it's for or what it's offering. It just needs to get made because people have to have something to do. Spare yourself and your kids.
BAD John Travolta and Robin Williams are no strangers to shamelessness. But not even they can walk away from "Old Dogs" with a shred of dignity - a mean-spirited, insulting "family" film that essentially pees down its leg and calls it comedy.
BAD Um embaraco para todos os envolvidos - inclusive o publico.
BAD It's aggressively awful, and manages to push its worst gags so numbingly off the scale that we're left slack-jawed in disbelief
BAD A trip to the vets is needed, to have this dog of a movie, quietly put down.
BAD Both Williams and Travolta mug furiously and the kids need locking up.
BAD [Travolta and Williams] engage in a torrent of slapstick set-ups that are neither witty nor funny.
BAD You've never experienced horror until you've seen Robin Williams in a Speedo getting a spray tan.
BAD A slapdash embarrassment of feeble age gags and cultural stereotypes, Old Dogs is at once crass, corny, amateurish, insulting, uninspired, deeply phoney and extraordinarily unfunny.
BAD It's perhaps wise to avoid this movie at all costs.
BAD Old Dogs is a milestone in the [Travolta's] career, the moment when he trumped Battlefield Earth to make the worst film of his life.
BAD At the screening I attended I didn't hear one person laugh, though I did hear plenty of involuntary sighs and groans, some of them emanating from myself.
BAD Dumb and painfully unfunny.
BAD The pickings are slim going on invisible.
BAD Most repellent is the undercurrent of homophobia, the brutal cultural stereotyping and the fact that Travolta looks like a man wearing a slightly melted rubber John Travolta Hallowe'en mask.
BAD This is easily the worst film of the year so far, and frankly last year too. It is embarrassingly, painfully unfunny.
BAD This is imbecilic hooey of the rarest breed.
BAD Which is better, a soulless life of work and striving for money, or a joyous embrace of family and kids in all their gorgeous life-affirming messiness?
BAD Being a film critic is a wonderful job, but there are weeks when the bad film delirium strikes and we'd all be better off in straitjackets.
BAD Utterly abysmal, entirely laugh-free and hideously embarrassing.
BAD It's a two-ton nuclear warhead of aggressive lameness, a hard, pounding rain of flop sweat and triteness and depression.
BAD A Travolta family effort for laughs through blatant illogic and human behavior that has no link to the real thing.
BAD Old Dogs' astonishing lack of laughs remains its biggest deficiency...
FAIR Those expecting new tricks or even vaguely inventive laughs from Old Dogs or its two waning stars should heed the obvious cliche.
BAD The movie is never remotely funny, but it excels at being creepy.
BAD Getting your uvula pierced would be less painful than watching Old Dogs.
BAD A weary hound of a movie.
BAD Old Dogs is -- quite simply -- the nadir of filmmaking.
BAD Nobody taught these "Old Dogs" any new tricks for this seen it all before film
BAD Add scary music, and some scenes could come straight from a horror movie, with no need for re-editing, as when Williams is trapped in a tanning booth, or when Williams slams a car trunk's lid onto a woman's arms, like Terry O'Quinn did in 'Stepfather 2.'
BAD Why do once great actors attach themselves to a dog of a picture like this? Surely they still have standards? Alas, their judgment seems to be fading . . .
BAD The dearth of laughs in this unspeakably awful comedy borders on embarrassing at times.
BAD Here's a Thanksgiving turkey that was rancid as soon as the idea was cooked up.
BAD Let's hope that kills any chance for another film of this ilk, probably called Cool Frogs or something horrid like that.
BAD Based on the quality of its script, 'Old Dogs' should have been put to sleep before the cameras started rolling.
BAD A painfully unfunny attempt at comedy filled with lazy, juvenile, forced humor that's an insult to everyone's intelligence.
BAD a strong cast fighting a script that is labored, stale, and obvious
BAD Might be best just to let these sleeping Old Dogs lie. This incredibly loony comedy sort of demeans everyone involved.
FAIR Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
GOOD ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
GOOD Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
GOOD The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
GOOD the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
GOOD Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
GOOD Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
GOOD Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
GOOD Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
GOOD E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
FAIR While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
GOOD One of the great screen romances.
FAIR Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
FAIR A fun watch.
GOOD Sweet sassy molassy, Moving is one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time.
FAIR The saving grace of this no-budget movie is that the comedy works well.
GOOD One of the funniest independent films of the year.
BAD If I had a nickel for every wacky-road-trip indie flick I've had to review, well, I'm not sure how much I'd have, but I know it would be pretty close to a dollar.
FAIR Probably isn't going to be the next Blair Witch of indie-ville.
FAIR Home-grown jihadists as wankers. How very British.
GOOD Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself.
FAIR Four Lions doesn't always reach satirical perfection, but it comes fairly close.
GOOD [It is] a biting, laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest, funniest comedies in recent memory.
FAIR The comedy is as black as can be, both silly and sharp ... It just doesn't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal.
GOOD Is it insensitive? Jaw-droppingly so. But it's also tremendously funny, and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror, it can't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess.
GOOD The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris's chutzpah for demanding that the film's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film's financing.
FAIR If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy (think Dr. Strangelove) then Four Lions, a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis, is on fertile soil indeed.
GOOD Chris Morris's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time.
BAD [Morris's] new comedy has a provocative, ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers, but can't decide who or what to take with them.
FAIR It's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad, much less one that actually inspires laughter.
BAD The overall result is decidedly uneven: there's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent.
FAIR A dark farce sitting somewhere between "Dr. Strangelove" and "Duck Soup." It will blow you away.
FAIR The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying, and that's OK - even necessary - for now.
FAIR The film wisely doesn't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder: Instead, it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous.
FAIR A comedy (!) about inept suicide bombers
FAIR It proves that everthing is a laughing matter. Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy.
FAIR Four Lions is more interesting than riotous. Consider it an example - a well-paced, clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear.
FAIR Really, these guys are just knuckleheads. And the movie is full of outrageous laughs.
BAD Once you get over the initial novelty, you're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary.
GOOD Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires. But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film.
BAD Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove (1964) -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon. And the firecracker sometimes doesn't even go off.
GOOD An absurdist satire that's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end.
GOOD I think it's appalling in all the right ways. While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable, I'd argue that the subject warrants it.
BAD "Four Lions" is a daring, brilliantly conceptualized film, but like the bumbling bombers of the title, the execution tends to be hit-and-miss.
FAIR It's an exceedingly dark comedy, a wicked satire, a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains. It's fueled by both merriment and anger.
GOOD What's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it's willing to follow this group all the way.
GOOD Brilliant, risky, controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure don't have to be a genius to blow yourself up.
GOOD It's truly an incredible piece of work, and something that needs to been seen, and actually feels essential. It's truly, for better or worse, a film of our times.
GOOD Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it.
GOOD Brilliantly funny; one of best comedies of the year.
FAIR A fun film with a quirky sense of humor. Enjoys poking fun at Pirates of the Caribbean and in my humble opinion, it's a better film too. Think Napoleon Dynamite.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
GOOD It is not Great Cinema, but it's really freaking good entertainment, smart without being brainy and nice without being saccharine.
FAIR League wants you to laugh more than anything else, and Hanks makes sure that you will.
FAIR Any roughness is smoothed over by the talented cast and a great deal of charm and affection for the era.
BAD Marshall's methods overwhelm the material, and what emerges is a movie utterly without personality. A unique chapter in American history becomes a movie as ordinary as they come.
FAIR It's a cinematic home run, certain to please filmgoers who don't know a catcher's mitt from an oven mitt.
BAD Few of the other performers make an impression. A director who can lose Madonna in a crowd can't be said to appreciate charisma.
GOOD The agenda here is clearly along the lines of good-natured vignettes, smart one-liners and a healthy dose of heartstring tugging.
GOOD Terrific tweens-and-up story of women's baseball.
FAIR As uneven as an amateur baseball game.
GOOD the film combines humor, historical trivia, and the thrill of baseball to create a fully entertaining, fictional tale
FAIR Enjoyable enough as a baseball comedy, even though Marshall overplays the drama.
FAIR entertaining but a bit sweet
GOOD Layered comedy-drama is worthwhile viewing
GOOD A League of Their Own still stands out because there are elements in it that everyone can enjoy, whether they like or loathe sports.
GOOD "There's no crying in baseball!"
GOOD One of the best baseball movies of all times; just remember, there's no crying in baseball!
FAIR An excellent comeback vehicle for Hanks, and a good film, overall.
FAIR It is a fitting tribute to those who played and those who kept the league going for over 10 years.
GOOD Tremendously enjoyable
GOOD This was probably supposed to be a feminist manifesto, but the men steal the picture.
GOOD A well-performed, snappily written and well-intentioned piece of entertainment that, surprisingly, has some historical information and a gently pitched line of social commentary running through the comedy.
FAIR Watchable, star-studded fluff
FAIR The movie has a real bittersweet charm.
FAIR The story of the short-lived women's baseball league gives Marshall the opportunity to examine the roots of modern feminism and have a darn fine time doing it.
FAIR The result is an enjoyable, if lightweight comic fiction.
BAD Like a trained monkey, Martin Short is trotted back out for more of his mincing shtick. But perhaps the most unattractive quality of both films is the ugly obsession with material excess.
FAIR The strengths of these films are not so much laughs as sincerity and heart. [Blu-ray]
BAD A sequel to a lousy remake? How droll.
GOOD A follow up as emotional as the original
FAIR More of a sequel for sequel's sake than a justified continuation of the story.
GOOD An exuberant sequel to complete a near-perfect translation of the 1950s era comedies to the 1990s.
FAIR Cheesy pap, but a few glossy moments.
FAIR Martin at his best...nearly, anyway
BAD Martin, Keaton and cinematographer William A. Fraker put this retro fluff over better than expected early on, but hour 2 is only for those who don't want their equilibriums rattled by surprises.
BAD A subplot involving blackmail and featuring Hesseman serves as filler between sexual episodes.
BAD It won't make you laugh, but it will make you feel unclean.
BAD Rent it for nostalgia value, if you must, but be prepared for a sex comedy with very little sexiness and a complete dearth of comedy.
BAD Private Lessons is made for the Clearasil market, pimply and freshly pubescent.
FAIR Fraser is the sweet, goofy engine that drives this movie. The script doesn't do enough with his reactions to a world that bears little relation to the Cold War planet Adam has been told about, but Fraser still manages to suggest volumes.
BAD Garish and not funny enough, Wilson's shapeless satire plods on, squandering its nice premise and its appealing actors. Miraculously, Fraser has a force field around him and manages to radiate energy in this comic black hole.
BAD That's a relatively clever set-up for what's become a familiar genre: the time-displacement comedy, in which we get a kick out of viewing our era through another era's eyes. But this movie's eyes, Adam's, are awfully twinkly and not too focused.
BAD [A] bizarre hybrid of romantic comedy cliches and less-than-subtle social commentary.
FAIR Despite its original concept, the movie loses much of its socially satiric edge once Fraser emerges from his underground bunker and starts wooing Silverstone.
BAD Any movie with a rhyming title should be treated with suspicion. And Blast From The Past -- two films inconveniently rolled into one creaking rom-com -- is as bad as it gets.
FAIR This fresh idea delivers some scintillating humor.
FAIR It's pleasant enough, with Fraser's goofy charm particularly winning.
FAIR In Blast From the Past, Brendan Fraser certainly fits in the title role. He's a blast -- goofy, wide-eyed and romantic, continuing his impeccable streak of making OK movies (including this one) far more watchable than they should be.
FAIR Ultimately, this is a culture clash movie between two eras of American life. Without advocating a complete return to innocence, Blast From the Past is a gentle reminder of what Americans may have lost by growing so jaded.
FAIR Blast From the Past is no message movie, but it has a few good points to make, and does so with a gentle, observant wit.
BAD Fish-out-of-water comedy has some salty language.
FAIR The movie takes a few small belly-flops now and then but is quite enjoyable.
GOOD Fraser is full of charm and good-natured innocence, and he and Silverstone spark well together.
FAIR Blast From the Past serves up the kind of frothy fun that recalls the spirit of the classic screwball comedy -- and that, my friends, is a good thing.
FAIR A modestly fun little comedy.
FAIR Pleasantville seemed to say that such squeaky clean living is unnatural and unsustainable. Blast probably aims lower than its counterpart, but it came closer to its mark.
FAIR Walken and Spacek are quite hilarious... They give Blast From the Past just the right comedic push it needs, even if the movie as a whole never turns out to be anything better than satisfactory.
FAIR Although Fraser's performance is the thing on which Blast From the Past" hangs, there are many other good things to recommend it.
FAIR This is a movie of delayed payoffs. Spacek gets better as she gets wiggier after decades in the bunker.
FAIR Okay, it's funny. I even laughed out loud. More than once.
FAIR Walken's skill at warped humor isn't new, but Spacek is a revelation; her reactions and comic timing are all fabulous.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring. And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't look like a cartoon... It's a fairy tale world that seems to sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all. It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR . The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale. So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling. It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not only for the handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
BAD Stylistically, the film takes risks before veering into an odd sort of studied artiness.
GOOD Another victory for a first-time, full-length feature filmmaker with a curious, inventive eye and an unsparing point of view.
BAD Riedel reveals herself to be a novice filmmaker, especially in the pacing of most scenes.
FAIR A lovingly crafted portrait of a kind of life not often seen on the big screen.
FAIR Like Blanca and her friends, walking languidly down the street, then spontaneousy grabbing a shopping cart for a ride, Reidel plays with the rhythm of her enjoyably unhurried tale.
FAIR If your taste is for movies off the beaten path, run out and see this one before it disappears.
FAIR With the Garcia Girls, Riedel will take the right audiences someplace this summer.
FAIR Riedel's film is a breakthrough achievement and a hopeful sign of more to come.
FAIR The film is sensitively told and appealingly bittersweet, though the story at times meanders and loses its way.
FAIR With equal measures of discretion and honesty, Riedel directly addresses the sensuality of all three women, achieving an almost startling sense of intimacy in scenes that range from mesmerizingly intense and gently comical.
GOOD Three generations of Garcia women trying to spice up their lives with sex during a hot and boring summer.
FAIR Unlike so many of her peers who depend on music to do everything but deliver the dialogue, [director] Riedel isn't afraid of silence; early in the film there's a solid minute of noiselessness as the camera lovingly pans the town, establishing the story's
GOOD Three strong women given a chance to come alive. What a concept!
GOOD Bless me father for I have fornicated, and loved it!
FAIR This is a quaint little film that's easily overlooked, but a savory, lazy-day treat if noticed and given a chance.
GOOD If "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" can make $200m, I'm damn sure that this is a film that could do likewise, given half the chance.
BAD Missed opportunity full of dubious messages.
BAD High school films don't have to be dull or juvenile; this one suffers tremendously from the former.
BAD ...the movie borders on cruelty to its audience.
BAD If you tried to be in the "in" crowd -- then this is going to be even more painful. In fact, even if you're in the "in" crowd, you'll find this painful.
BAD [I]t's hard to see any crying need to remake a film that was tacky the last time around, or to make this the black teen - excuse me, "urban" - film of the season.
BAD If you remake a mediocre movie, you get another mediocre movie.
BAD Rent the original instead.
BAD Another uninspired remake of a movie that was never crying out for revisitation in the first place.
BAD Here's another needless remake that's a shadow of the original.
BAD This hip-hop flavored remake of 1987's Can't Buy Me Love is woefully botched on every level.
BAD The African-American film community deserves better than a mediocre comedy pulled from the cinematic icebox.
BAD Love may not cost a thing, but this movie'll cost you the price of a ticket -- and more of your time than it's worth.
FAIR I found it cute. There are some rough spots, of course, but the movie has a lot of heart.
BAD Ah, true equality: not being held to a higher standard and, accordingly, producing the same kind of gender-blind garbage about which it appears useless to complain.
BAD it just ain't right
BAD Rotten to the core and misogynistic in the extreme.
BAD Wait until it gets on cable.
FAIR It has better values than the original, a little more poignancy, some sweetness.
BAD A movie as forgettable as the original.
BAD This awkwardly directed version takes way too long to get where we knew it was going the whole time.
BAD The blandly obvious story of high-school romance and the venal, materialistic, self-involved teens who inhabit its suburban California setting couldn't be less interesting.
BAD Clocking in at 105 minutes, Love Don't Cost a Thing drags for stretches.
BAD ...sometimes nostalgia should remain unexplored.
BAD Predictable hijinks ensue between the mismatched couple en route to the sappily romantic fade-out.
BAD A charmless, Afro-centric spin on Can't Buy Me Love.
BAD Where the original was slight but sweet, the remake is depressingly superficial and cynical.
BAD It involves stereotypical characters, amateurish filmmaking and a really shopworn story.
BAD As a romantic comedy, the movie misses an important transition: When exactly, during Alvin's transformation from loser to fatuous blowhard, does Paris fall for him?
BAD Generic but harmless comedy.
BAD This teen ugly-duckling comedy can't rise above the level of your average TV sitcom.
BAD It's still a simplistic teen morality play dressed in Sean John and spoken in hip-hop lingo.
BAD Flat and witless and moves at the speed of a mid-tempo ballad.
BAD For the most part, the characters and situations are stock and cliched.
BAD Love Don't Cost a Thing, an comedy inspired by the 1987 teen romance Can't Buy Me Love, demonstrates that things aren't always better the second time 'round.
FAIR It's a sweet story with its heart in the right place, and that's saying something for a teen movie these days.
BAD A sexed-up Afterschool Special pretty much guaranteed to render audiences comatose.
FAIR An unbelievable premise, but sweet and romantic.
FAIR Touches the audience's heart without being sappy.
GOOD Driver and Duchovny shine in romance with heart.
GOOD Every time I see this it is better and better. Bonnie Hunt is an amazing writer.
FAIR Have a heart.
FAIR Heart-warming.
FAIR A charming romantic comedy tragically bogged down by the uncomfortable avoidance of its central plot point.
BAD The grisly weight of that central premise hangs over the proceedings like a bloody pinata.
BAD Why does the film have to be two hours? Does no one hire an editor anymore?
BAD Not a horrible movie, but not a good one either.
FAIR Predictable, sporadically engaging fable.
FAIR An entirely formulaic piece of comedy-melodrama with scarcely a moment of real drama and featuring repartee engaged in by codgers without a genuine dab of wit.
BAD While Return to Me plays out, you are not bored, but you also are not as satisfied as you could be.
FAIR Return to Me manages to disarm with its charm and delight with its bite.
FAIR Easily the most sane and encouraging romantic comedy since the far more polished, but equally expansive and ethnically flavored Moonstruck.
FAIR There is a satisfying, old-fashioned Moonstruck sensibility at work.
FAIR This PG-rated trifle is the perfect movie to take your parents to see without fear of embarrassment.
FAIR Old-fashioned as all get-out, Return to Me is swathed in an unabashed feel-good tone.
GOOD Intelligently co-written and ably directed.
FAIR writers have kids of their own.
GOOD A sweet love story, far more affecting than the average romantic drivel because it's so much less phony.
FAIR A sweetly amusing tale about the human heart.
FAIR While "22 Jump Street" may not be quite as funny as its predecessor, it still manages to deliver a multitude of laughs over its stretched runtime, all while using pretty much the same premise.
GOOD If there's a funnier comedy this year, it'll have to be something quite special.
GOOD Despite some inevitable lulls, several scenes are as consistently funny as anything we've seen for years. And, like Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in last year's The Heat, the dialogue between the two leads makes up for the holes in the plot.
GOOD Full of inside jokes (hey, we're making a sequel) and fantastic performances, "22 Jump Street" is everything you want in a sequel and more.
BAD Its adhering to formula nearly kills the film for that middle hour while the bromance plot thread is arguably based in latent homophobia.
FAIR Proving that sometimes the same joke is funnier the second time around, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum return for a major serving of big, broad, stupid laughs.
FAIR All you really need to know is that it's the cleverest sequel to a dumb movie of all time.
FAIR While much of this is pretty standard stuff, it's all easy to take thanks to the engaging performances from the two leads. The screenplay contains quite a few funny lines, and the direction by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller is crisp and efficient.
FAIR Subversively satisfying, if senselessly silly sequel.
GOOD In fact, much of the bawdy humor in 22 Jump Street comes from its makers' staunch refusal to take anything about the venture seriously.
FAIR In a summer of sequels, the most laughs so far, and by far, come from a raunchy retro repeat that makes plenty of fun of its own recycled folly-and expense.
FAIR Begins with a clip of a professor discussing the meaning of yin and yang, and that symbol of apparently opposing but in fact complementary forces becomes a kind of theme.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is not just a sequel, it is a 112-minute running gag about sequels, including the adaptation of the title.
GOOD Most stars are terrified of looking like fools but Tatum runs head-on into his dumb jock visage.
FAIR Perfectly satisfying... betting everything on Hill and Tatum being delightful to watch in their little platonic romcom and winning that bet.
FAIR You're here (or should be here) for The Hill & Tatum Show, which worked so well first time around and is just as good this time.
GOOD It's lightweight instead of high-concept. Silly instead of crass. It's the funniest spoof movie I've seen in a while.
GOOD The sequel to deconstruct all sequels
GOOD I'd like to report a murder. The buddy-cop comedy is dead, drowned in a sea of d*** jokes by directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller. Hey, at least it died doing what it loved.
FAIR What can you say about a movie that pokes fun at itself except 'Pass me the popcorn?' Because '22 Jump Street' is great grownup popcorn-movie fun!
GOOD Abundant in charm and loose-limbed energy, it's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser, possessing everything one wants from a big Hollywood studio action-comedy.
FAIR You'll be laughing too damn hard to care that sometimes 22 Jump Street feels a little familiar
GOOD They don't just repeat themselves, they become the idiotic Platonic ideal of repetition.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street. It knows it, you know it, and it knows that you know it. And that is why it's brilliant.
FAIR Wild, fast, fun and, in the service of comedy, bromantic.
FAIR Let's just say that the prospect of a 23 Jump Street seems more like a favor than a threat.
GOOD The plot isn't original but the humor is fresh and the humor is the reason we see these movies.
BAD I have a hard time believing the movie had a script that included dialogue. The movie has no character development. It's an embarrassment.
FAIR Phil Lord and Christopher Miller's second-best film of the year (behind The Lego Movie).
FAIR Funny sequel is just as crude, over-the-top as the first.
BAD I was let down by 22 Jump Street, and it once again proves that sequels are often inferior to their predecessor for a number of reasons.
GOOD 22 Jump Street pulls off the comedy sequel balancing act better than just about any comparative franchise - with extra points for skewing its own sequelness.
GOOD The fundamentally episodic nature of the narrative limits its impact somewhat, but Boorman again finds a spark in a frisky coming-of-age story that tracks the growing pains of an entire nation.
FAIR A wartime comedy of manners, it's a delightfully whimsical portrait of 1952 England, a time and place of class discord that's both uproarious and politically pointed.
BAD I wasn't especially amused by the anecdotal plot.
FAIR Once again Boorman has tapped into a particular sort of nostalgia that his audience truly feels, even if the experiences of his characters are nothing like their own.
FAIR The movie is a sweet-natured, easy-going bit of storytelling, and while Bill may be the central character, Queen and Country is really a movie about England. And it's a love letter to a particular time and place
BAD The actual antics feel as tonally dated as the story, school-boyish shtick that went corny even before M*A*S*H married screwball shenanigans to wartime bleakness.
FAIR The director gets all the period detail exactly right and there are plenty of historical and cultural references that evoke a sense of nostalgia.
GOOD Queen and Country finds exhilarating comedy in places usually reserved for drama, violence, loss.
GOOD In short, [you may realize] how expert presentation can draw you into a world, immerse you in the lives of others, and make you sorry to leave when it's over.
FAIR A little too silly to be taken seriously, yet also too heavy to get all the laughs it very clearly craves, "Queen and Country" at least shows where Boorman's schizoid, if less than wholly satisfying, sense of storytelling comes from.
FAIR There's no way around the fact that this is a lesser endeavor than "Hope and Glory," but when it's good, which is often enough, "Queen and Country" glows with a master storyteller's sense of memory.
GOOD A worthy follow-up to a classic.
GOOD Boorman returns to the classical style of the movies he enjoyed at a young age, again showing his flexibility and commitment to finding a story's ideal tone.
GOOD Charming but mature post-WWII coming-of-age drama.
FAIR Sturdy, moving, nostalgic in a good way.
GOOD To watch "Queen and Country" is to get the impression of a man who has gone through life and actually learned something, which not everyone does.
BAD Queen and Country reveals itself as a prime example of the stale storytelling and ignorant ideologies audiences waved good riddance to years ago.
GOOD For a movie shaped by the harsher mercies of martial pursuits, it's incredibly light and frequently hilarious.
FAIR It works, but not entirely.
GOOD A direct sequel to 1987's Hope and Glory -- and the best thing that John Boorman has made since.
FAIR Modest but still disarming ...
FAIR Boorman skillfully takes major historical events and filters them through small, personal moments.
GOOD Not as engaging as 'Hope and Glory' but more deceptive in its modesty.
FAIR A deeply personal memoir, so well written and carefully observed that it draws the viewer into the ambience of postwar England with a persuasive power that makes you feel you're part of the same experience.
GOOD For cinephiles who've followed this 82-year-old British filmmaker's long and sometimes eccentric career with interest and admiration, "Queen and Country" will be a sure winner.
FAIR A lovely movie, as achingly bittersweet as all nostalgia, marked by surprising moments of commonplace beauty - a brilliant morning sky, a gently burbling Thames - and real rough emotion.
GOOD Sweeping, witty, delightful and charming while brimming with warmth and humanism.
GOOD A sequel to Hope and Glory set in postwar England that proves to be an impressive coda to English writer/director John Boorman's illustrious career.
FAIR Fanning makes Currie's fame- and pharmaceutical-fueled transformation/liberation at once exhilarating and terrifying.
BAD [It chooses] to merely nod at the more complicated, strange and exciting aspects of the band's story and spend most of its time touching on the usual stuff
FAIR In age-appropriate casting, Fanning doesn't put a platform boot wrong in her portrayal of a valley girl rock chick (circa. 1975) growing up way too fast, with neither the inclination nor the wherewithal to slow down.
FAIR Director Floria Sigismondi brings the tale of this real-life pop-punk band to the screen with the traits of a vapid, glossy promo video. And it works! A shame about the length then.
FAIR It's not so much a shock to the system as a series of practised strokes, yet -- for moments at a time -- it makes you squirm happily in your seat.
FAIR Sigismondi's dramatised account of the band has echoes of Almost Famous as it captures a tangy flavour of the hunger for fame and the bittersweet reality of success in the Seventies rock scene.
FAIR For the most part it works, thanks to painstaking recreations of hazy disco-era dive bars, faded roller rinks and seedy motels, plus a ballsy performance by Kristen Stewart.
GOOD Fanning captures Currie's surly "Cherry Bomb" style effectively, particularly when dolled up in the notorious white basque that Currie is remembered for; Stewart is even better as the furiously smouldering Jett.
BAD Given that the band were more about attitude than music, there's not a lot of substance here.
FAIR There's a wham, bam, thank you, man, quality to this music biopic that makes it a pleasurable rock rush that's easy on the eye, even if it fails to do much more than skate the surface of the band of its title.
FAIR Maybe The Runaways is Linson's way of showing that he can make a success of this subject, and I think he has done, with a film which shows how brutal and sexist rock'n'roll is.
FAIR As far as music biopics go this is conventional fare, while the songs - like the fashions - haven't aged well. But with both women giving their all, you can't fault the enthusiasm.
FAIR Exuberant and aggressive but also questionable and ambivalent.
BAD Hazy both as a portrait of teenage excess (a lot of pouting, kissing, and kicking of dustbins) and as an account of The Runaways' fame in the second half of the 1970s (they appear to have been big in Japan).
FAIR Essentially, this is Currie's sob story and it can feel too self-pitying at times, though the high-wattage pairing of Stewart and Fanning keeps it together.
FAIR Cringe-making fun for survivors of the '70s.
FAIR Really, how can you not love Joan Jett weeing on a guitar then slipping over in her own piss? It's Frank Spencer meets Sid Vicious.
FAIR The result is an entertaining mess: lively and stylish, but frustratingly inconsequential.
FAIR In the end, the girls' limited degree of 'success' is a brutal reminder that if you are not in control and are flying too close to a hot lamp, you're likely to get burned.
BAD The film follows the band down the bog- standard rock 'n' roll madness route, and the shallow script doesn't offer much of an insight into Joan or Cherie's personalities along the way.
FAIR The Runaways is let down by its inability to decide where the story ends, but it will doubtless resonate with anyone who ever dreamed of quitting school to become a rock star.
FAIR Okay, so it's not quite as rock'n'roll as what Garbage's Shirley Manson did to her boyfriend's corn flakes. But give the girls a chance, man.
BAD If it wasn't for the music, this biopic would be a total dud.
GOOD Dakota Fanning's pre-teen innocent appearance contributes greatly to the captivating nature of her metamorphosis into rock diva in The Runaways.
FAIR A music-based biopicture about a female hard-rock band that paved the way for many others by proving that chicks can play as well as the guys.
GOOD A hugely enjoyable trash fest. The perfect way for Runaways virgins to pop their Cherry Bomb.
FAIR Deciphering any real meaning from the flame-out of The Runaways is almost impossible. Luckily, there are three fantastic lead performances that always keep things on the right side of watchable.
FAIR Cherry Bombs implode in this revealing biopic of teenage rockers on the edge in The Runaways.
FAIR It has problems but it does do one thing well: it captures the madness and exhilaration of being young, hungry and female in '70s rock'n'roll, a time when when glam rock and punk collided with a sort of feminism.
FAIR The Runaways succeeds in being as brash and trashy as the source material, and just as fun.
FAIR This cautionary rock 'n roll ride is both entertaining and deflating.
BAD 'The Runaways' lacks an anarchistic punch - an authenticity and angst so distinctive of the band's rock n' roll revolution.
FAIR What keeps The Runaways from becoming yet another story of a group being exploited by a Svengali-like manager is that Sigismondi frames the story by having the girls learn from Fowley before slowly discovering how to develop skills that leave him in the d
FAIR The Runaways isn't bad -- it's got spirit and spunk -- but it fails to really punch across this vital period in rock history.
BAD Angelic Dakota Fanning isn't very convincing as either a sexed-up, David Bowie-obsessed teen or a drug addict.
FAIR Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning power the film through its lulls by the sheer force of their performances.
FAIR Cute romantic comedy OK for most older kids.
FAIR Runs a half-hour too long, and it drags through its multiple endings. Runaway Bride has plenty of delights, just a few too many.
BAD Remember the romantic sparks between Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in Pretty Woman? In Runaway Bride it's more like a damp fizzle.
BAD Better than The Princess Diaries. And if that's not damning with faint praise then I don't know what is.
BAD A runaway bore!
BAD That charming thing only works if the story is good.
FAIR Julia Roberts es la unica razon por la que vale la pena verla
BAD Stuck on auto-pilot, and therefore, comes off as a tiresome excursion into terrain that has been covered too many times to count.
BAD Flawed and unpleasant!
FAIR While the hackneyed dialogue that swims throughout the entire film is flaw enough, the feel-good ending drowns the show thoroughly.
BAD After seeing Gere and Roberts play much smarter people, it is painful to see them dumbed down here.
BAD A clumsy motion picture that strives so hard for the perfect romantic ending that it triggers a gag reflex along the way.
FAIR Gere and Roberts evidence enough genuine chemistry on the screen to fill a dozen run-of-the-mill romances.
BAD Gere and an almost ethereally radiant Roberts have never been better than in this sometimes herky-jerky breeze, which keeps improving as it goes.
GOOD A picture-perfect summer romance!
GOOD It's a sure bet.
FAIR The well-matched stars pick up where they left off on that Hollywood fire escape nine years ago.
BAD The doting-mother jokes are all familiar, but rendered with an earnest quality, as though a parent-offspring mediation group is to convene after the film ends.
BAD Gag. Stallone's character should have been shot by overbearing Getty Mom.
BAD Sly is well meaning but just misses the mark.
BAD Stallone & Getty? No magic here.
BAD This mom is impossible without being funny.
BAD Further proof that Sly should stick to action.
BAD Being shot might be preferable to sitting through this
BAD Stop! making lousy comedies or you'll permanently damage your career.
BAD Sometimes, you just have to sit back and wonder what Stallone was thinking.
BAD I can't believe I watched this.
BAD Spottiswoode directs action well but at about 90 minutes, this film is about 60 minutes longer than its material.
BAD It is moronic beyond comprehension, an exercise in desperation during which even Sylvester Stallone, a repository of self-confidence, seems to be disheartened.
GOOD Funny, but not a light comedy for youngsters.
FAIR The greatest pleasures come from the acting.
FAIR The movie's too long, and the direction is sometimes slack -- but the script is crammed with withering ripostes, ably delivered by Nicholson and Hunt.
GOOD Not only one of the best romantic comedies of the year, but one of the best films in ages.
BAD An inflated TV show by a sitcom creator.
FAIR The character is written as the most unlikable person one could ever meet. Despite this fact, Jack manages to make the character sympathetic.
GOOD Like Broadcast News, James L. Brooks' new film is a dark-edged adult comedy that hits the spot for those who like their romances splashed with acidic wit.
FAIR Even the familiar scenes and situations look refreshing.
GOOD Humorous, romantic, personal.
GOOD An honest, original comedy about recognizable human beings.
GOOD This is Jack at his best, the kind of role that makes him a star. He gets to bear his teeth, take control of a room, and be devilishly cuddly at the same time.
GOOD Nicholson is so darn good!
GOOD 'Melhor E Impossivel' e muito mais do que um roteiro bem-escrito. Este e um filme que se apoia totalmente nas interpretacoes de seus atores principais.
FAIR Romance comedies definitely come better than this, although perhaps not lately.
GOOD Brooks is fortunate to have Nicholson in the lead, because it is by his natural charm and smirking wit that his character gets away with everything he does.
GOOD It's a mark of how magically written, directed and acted As Good as It Gets is that we end up loving this film despite knowing how haphazard, scattershot and almost indefinable its charm is.
GOOD A black but realistic comedy about life and how it sucks and also how impossible it is to fall in love with someone sane, but still it's no excuse for not enjoying yourself.
BAD There's not a whole lot of story here to prop up the constant emotional yanking.
FAIR This movie was a nice try.
FAIR As Good As It Gets is decent, if not vintage, James L. Brooks, made all the more palatable by that man Jack Nicholson.
GOOD One of the funniest movies I've seen all year.
GOOD The story isn't especially interesting, but the way it's performed is marvellous.
GOOD You'll be reminded of why Nicholson became one of the biggest stars of his generation.
FAIR It's funny but fitful.
FAIR By the time we leave the theater, the warmth of love has melted the coldest heart.
GOOD How [Brooks] emerged an abler artist is worth puzzling over; I suspect it has something to do with sheer instinct triumphing over industry machinery.
GOOD Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
GOOD Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
GOOD An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
FAIR Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
GOOD Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
GOOD This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
GOOD Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
GOOD Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
GOOD From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
GOOD Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
GOOD A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
GOOD This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
FAIR If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
GOOD By far, one of the best films of the year.
GOOD As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
GOOD The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
GOOD Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
GOOD Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
GOOD 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
GOOD Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
GOOD ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
BAD ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
GOOD Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
GOOD Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
GOOD Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
GOOD Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
