BAD Immaculate execution in every detail of one poor conception after another... uninspired, arrogant, and lazy.
FAIR Cool original camp. This is a fun little movie.
FAIR It's Back to the Beach writ saucy.
BAD It's all enjoyable enough, but it's played so broadly that it loses whatever impact it might have had.
GOOD Sharp satire. Great fun.
FAIR A funny tongue-in-cheek comedy, cinematic commentary and murder mystery all rolled in to one.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's knowing, relatively enjoyable fluff.
BAD It's too much filmed theater to come alive fully on the screen.
FAIR A promising recipe for comedy that goes flat in the execution.
FAIR Has a great look, but its broad laughs at the expense of '50s and '60s cultural naivete aren't really all that clever.
FAIR An enjoyable, if weightless, romp.
GOOD Not since Rocky Horror has the film world produced such a vibrant farce of teen angst, violence, and sexual deviance.
GOOD Wonderfully campy entertainment that doesn't ask anything of its viewers.
GOOD The sort of movie that even today's superstars might love to slum around in.
FAIR It's best to just relax and enjoy the Party.
GOOD It definitively skewers the false innocence of American pop culture on the eve of the countercultural deluge.
BAD Laughable exploitation film results in a complete waste of time and talent.
BAD One of those movies that's a nailbiter for a little kid, but laughable when revisted as an adult.
BAD The movie swarmed into local theaters yesterday; unfortunately, the insects and the people in this melange of ersatz science-fiction and dull adventure deserve one another.
BAD Teaming Collins with ants is pure Bert I. Gordon.
BAD We interrupt this soap opera to bring you... a monster movie!
BAD Bring on the DDT. A silly giant-bug opus with cheap special effects.
BAD What's scarier: ants or Bert I. Gordon movies?
BAD If you find it when you are flipping through channels at three in the morning, turn it off and try to get some sleep.
FAIR Gory, scary, violent sci-fi is too intense for kids.
FAIR ...boasts a tongue-in-cheek, downright campy sensibility that ultimately pervades every aspect of the proceedings.
GOOD Insanely subversive...functions as a visually dazzling science-fiction action picture, a philosophical challenge, and a hilarious, incisive comedy. [Blu-Ray]
GOOD Paul Verhoeven's satiric, 1997, sci-fi, war-movie romance is admittedly an acquired taste.
FAIR Utter stupidities and other scientific impossibilities litter the script like trooper body parts . . . [yet] the film does something right
BAD What galls me is the film's marketing, moral and ideological cynicism.
FAIR Cut Paul Verhoeven some slack!
BAD Lacking the sophistication of the average comic book, it compensates with panoramic attack sequences, reminiscent of the Japanese swarm attacks in American war movies.
FAIR Repulsively thrilling and often downright hilarious.
FAIR A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to be astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.
BAD It's a cynical wasteland from beginning to end.
BAD A nonstop splatterfest so devoid of taste and logic that it makes even the most brainless summer blockbusters look intelligent.
BAD The enjoyment you get from watching Starship Troopers is similar to the pleasure felt from a loud 'ZAP' from a bug zapper. And about as deep.
BAD This flick wallows in just about every moth-ridden cliche known to the film industry and relies almost entirely on naked teenage girls and recycled special effects for what it deems excitement.
FAIR Not the return to form for Verhoeven many have called it -- in the end, it is just a step in the right direction.
BAD In the hands of Verhoeven, the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale.
BAD Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen. But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't quite make it.
BAD The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless.
FAIR It's a sci-fi gorefest, and a fun one at that.
GOOD The battle scenes are phenomenal, both for the realistic and clever special effects and for the humor.
GOOD Intellectually, I can't really condone that message, but I have to admit that this will be a guilty pleasure of mine for years to come.
GOOD It is pure Verhoeven -- broad, brash and ultraviolent, and all up there on the screen.
FAIR Enjoyable despite the little redemption it offers humankind, Troopers fits every Hollywood convention while simultaneously breaking each one.
FAIR May just be the bug movie to end all bug movies.
GOOD Terrific entertainment.
BAD As written by Ed Neumeier, who also wrote Verhoeven's much tighter Robocop, Starship Troopers never gets over its 180-degree swivel from teen-age love story to murderous destruction.
FAIR As a brainless bubblegum movie, it's an exhilarating adrenaline rush.
FAIR Just enjoy the fun of watching Neil Patrick Harris in his audition for Apt Pupil and roll with it, baby.
FAIR This is powerful entertainment that appeals to our most basic instincts.
GOOD Manages to be both fun and shocking -- sometimes in the same shot.
GOOD Director Paul Verhoeven is back in his subversively nimble RoboCop groove with the uproariously cheeky Starship Troopers.
FAIR Flawed but fun.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion. Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't make 'em like this anymore. It's easy to see why.
BAD This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now.
FAIR The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there.
BAD Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel.
BAD We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do.
BAD Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock!
FAIR It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette.
FAIR It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.'
BAD The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker.
GOOD The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater.
BAD "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that.
BAD You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite.
BAD The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material.
BAD You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater.
BAD A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals.
BAD For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format
BAD The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you.
FAIR Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars.
BAD The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is.
BAD It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements.
BAD Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals.
BAD The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters.
FAIR It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before.
FAIR It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing.
GOOD What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them.
FAIR No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here.
GOOD I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy.
BAD As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff.
FAIR Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way.
GOOD Sit back and enjoy fantastic, imaginative visuals.
BAD It starts off briskly with some fantastic special effects and a great high-speed chase but then founders on the shores of bad script writing.
FAIR Lucas does not always recognize his limitations. This tends to make films of mixed quality. Still, there is always enough that is excellent to make them worth seeing.
FAIR It is certainly better than the childish Phantom Menace and the final 45 minutes of straight action beat the editing nightmare at the end of the last film.
GOOD The magic has definitely been recaptured.
GOOD As convincing a job as they, Christensen, and Lee do, they all end up being upstaged by the jaw-dropping skills of a CGI creation: Yoda (again voiced by Frank Oz), who finally gets a chance to show exactly why he has such a legendary reputation.
GOOD It's impossible...to dismiss a film with this much stuff: exotic production design, imaginative characters, and a wide variety of digital jedi fu.
FAIR It would be easy to say that this film is fantastic and blows away the others, but unfortunately I cannot.
FAIR Superior to Episode I -- The Phantom Menace, with its annoying Jar Jar Binks and its dull, galaxy-hopping story line.
FAIR Alternately excites and bores.
BAD I'll call it nearly good, based mostly on one hell of a last half-hour.
GOOD It's no Empire Strikes Back but then you won't have to worry about Jar Jar too much either.
BAD How I wish I could say something other than ho-hum.
FAIR You will most likely end up sitting through this latest installment - even if the series has become a shadow of its former self
GOOD My God, how wonderful it would be if it just even pretended to not be so commercialized.
GOOD The Star Wars franchise continues to slip into obscurity with another underwhelming entry.
FAIR At least it's better than Return of the Jedi. If that sounds like faint praise... then line up and find out for yourself.
FAIR I feel ambivalent about it and I'm still going to pay to see it again. It's just that important to our collective dorkitude.
GOOD The film has that Star Wars atmosphere fully in place, complete with a thematic resonance and a reliance on strong personalities interacting to drive the events forward.
BAD Yes, it's better than The Phantom Menace. Think for a minute about how little that means.
GOOD Star Wars fans, prepare to weep with joy.
FAIR It has all the moves; it never quite catches the rhythm.
FAIR ...open your eyes and ears and disengage your mind...it's a splendid film, and enjoying it for its sheer beauty is much more fun than having to think about it.
FAIR If Phantom Menace resulted in mindless boredom, then Attack of the Clones at least offers mindless entertainment.
BAD A tale full of sound and fury, sucking the life out of cinema.
GOOD The least of the Star Wars series, but that is pretty damn good.
FAIR Star Wars fans will be in heaven.
GOOD Es divertida, visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida. Simple y sencillamente te sorprendera.
GOOD Lucas returns the series to its roots, delivering a cartoon-like adventure that uses special effects to enhance rather than replace storytelling.
GOOD Meant for Star Wars fans. It is there to give them a good time.
GOOD Se Obi-Wan e Yoda continuarem a brilhar desta forma, duvido que o Imperio dos Pessimistas consiga derrubar o trabalho do Mestre Lucas.
FAIR What distinguishes Plan 9 from the other contenders for worst film of all time is the movie's brazen sense of confidence.
GOOD "This isn't like plans one through eight. This is plan nine, the one that worked! The worst movie ever made!"
FAIR Far too entertaining to be considered as the very worst film ever made.
GOOD Like the greatest cinema poets, [Wood] always managed to work in his own particular pet pleasures or concerns, and that odd, ear-bending dialogue is almost like a bizarre kind of open-verse poetry.
FAIR Hardly The Remains of the Day, but some would claim it's more fun.
BAD Yes, it's so awful it's almost good. Here is the birth of camp in cinema.
BAD staggeringly, unmissably bad
FAIR The ultimate cult flick.
FAIR It's mind-numbingly brilliant in its overwhelming, soul-destroying badness.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as everyone seems to think it is.
GOOD Only because it's so awful, it's good.
FAIR When it's really bad, it's good. The rest is just dull.
BAD Unintentionally one of the funniest movies ever made and actually worth the rental price for sheer, silly fun. Pay special attention to the less than authentic gravestones.
FAIR Entertainingly, oddly inept, but a little of this stuff goes a long way
FAIR It's really rather glorious, in its own way.
BAD 'Certos filmes sao tao ruins que chegam a ser bons.'. A primeira pessoa que disse esta frase provavelmente acabara de assistir a 'Plano 9 Do Espaco Sideral'.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not too serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless. But his movie has no pep. It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't have a story that does justice to the production.
GOOD The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age.
GOOD Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world.
GOOD The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece.
FAIR Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses.
GOOD Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache.
GOOD Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short.
GOOD It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation.
GOOD This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.
GOOD Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.
GOOD The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers.
FAIR Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.
GOOD The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist.
GOOD The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film.
GOOD Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed.
GOOD Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.
GOOD A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people.
GOOD This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies.
GOOD It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time.
GOOD A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam.
FAIR A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us.
GOOD Draggy and devastating by turns
FAIR Overlong, but with moments of greatness.
GOOD Brutally memorable.
GOOD Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting.
GOOD Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed
BAD Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever.
GOOD One of the greatest war films of all time.
GOOD A brilliant war movie with stunning performances.
GOOD A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends.
GOOD The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable.
GOOD [It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war.
BAD As Luke once said, what a piece of junk.
BAD Triumph the Insult Comic Dog did a far better job - and actually a more sensitive job - with the fans waiting outside for the start of Episode II.
