GOOD Words on the screen, their power to free you, and also entrap you - if this isn't the internet's deadly blessing, what is?
FAIR Having recently released documentaries on clerical abuse, Mario Cuomo, Park Avenue, Lance Armstrong and, now, WikiLeaks, Gibney seems in danger of becoming an actualite machine.
GOOD Outstanding, cool-headed documentary.
GOOD A breathless, dazzling and mind-blowingly complex 130-minute story.
GOOD I'd have liked to know more about his private life and background but Gibney has too much other ground to cover.
GOOD We Steal Secrets is much concerned with conspiracy theories and may well wind up fuelling new ones.
FAIR A thorough and decently intentioned work, though it accepts a little too glibly the more-in-sorrow-than-in-anger line against Assange: that he is a fascinating radical who simply became a paranoid authoritarian.
FAIR With a subject matter that oddly feels both timely and out-of-date, this documentary is packed with telling details about WikiLeaks, Although it gets muddy as it delves into the lives of founder Julian Assange and whistleblower Bradley Manning.
GOOD This is saying something important. Check your Facebook settings.
GOOD This is an expertly organised documentary; Gibney's always are.
GOOD In truth, there's little in Alex Gibney's film that won't be familiar to attentive news watchers, but this skilled documentarian has mastered the art of condensing a vast and complex amount of information into a gripping and entertaining package.
GOOD This thorough, engrossing film shows how idealistic Aussie hacker Julian Assange took on the might of the US, exposing their military and diplomatic misconduct, then allowed his own murky personal life to tarnish his credibility.
GOOD The range of Gibney's subjects, the rigour of his research and the complexity of his questions make We Steal Secrets breathlessly compelling, but it's the moments of psychological probing that haunt the most.
GOOD Noxious government activities may warrant exposure, but Gibney points out that the whistleblowers can be pretty flawed too.
GOOD Alex Gibney adds to his forensic examinations of Enron and Abu Ghraib with another fine documentary.
GOOD A thoughtful documentary about Julian Assange, Bradley Manning, secrets, lies, power and the poorly understood nature of the internet.
GOOD If you're looking for a really comprehensive, clear, evenhanded and thoroughly entertaining examination of, well, the story of WikiLeaks, master documentarian Alex Gibney has gone to the trouble of providing you with one.
GOOD A fascinating insight into Wikileaks and the two men behind the world's largest ever whistleblowing scandal.
GOOD This look at WikiLeaks -- and founder Julian Assange -- makes its case long before the film stops talking.
GOOD It portrays a seething nest of highly volatile personalities whose motivations are fraught with ambiguities and contradictions, and a chain of actions and reactions the full impact of which has yet to be measured.
GOOD Alex Gibney's film is an absorbing examination of the world's most infamous information portal.
FAIR Which is the real Assange? This movie cannot say. It's as if Gibney threw up his hands, put the whole mess in the audience's lap and said, "Here, YOU figure this guy out."
GOOD Sometimes it takes a feature-length documentary to stitch together a story we think we already know.
GOOD Smart and opinionated, it's a great introduction to this ongoing story.
GOOD A real-life cyber-thriller with real-life consequences, Alex Gibney's We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks is a riveting and revelatory documentary ...
GOOD Gibney builds a remarkable level of suspense, given how exhaustively WikiLeaks has been covered in the media.
GOOD Engaging, kinetic, revelatory and unexpected.
GOOD At once an awkward mingling of two complex life stories and a gripping, necessary look at how information is gathered, shared and, yes, stolen.
GOOD Who is "We" in the title We Steal Secrets? There's no need for a spoiler alert, but it's neither Gibney nor Assange.
FAIR Despite its wonky-Washington theme, We Steal Secrets ends up being a surprisingly soulful and, yes, even moving story of hubris, good intentions and mistakes.
FAIR The film is fascinating and provocative, deftly navigating complex personalities and shifting allegiances.
GOOD The movie's especially deft at exposing spin, whether it's the US media's or Assange's.
FAIR A fascinating account of a man who loved stirring the pot until he was the one sitting in it.
GOOD Gibney has created one of the signature discussions on the signature debate of the post-9/11 information-security age, namely: Who needs to know?
BAD It doesn't offer any new or surprising information or any profound analysis, so it barely scratches the multifaceted surface of Assange and remains slightly undercooked.
BAD This movie has confirmed my suspicion that people need to leave Hunter S. Thompson's story alone for a while.
FAIR Gonzo's brilliance is in showing Thompson warts and all, without taking anything away from his greatness even as it shows his many deficiencies.
GOOD Alex Gibney's documentary about bad boy journalist Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is both a memorial exaltation and a lament. Gibney's masterful style balances verite and dramatic effect. He doesn't doesn't tell you what to think, but spurs you to think.
GOOD A definitive, accessible, even inspiring screen biography put together with thought and vitality.
FAIR The film's plea that we need Thompson now more than ever is a little misty-eyed: Thompson's day was long gone by the time he put a gun to his head.
GOOD Much like the man himself, it's quite a piece of work.
GOOD Gonzo is much more than a tribute to a maverick and genuine pioneer. It's a lament for the gaping hole that Thompson left behind. The only obvious weakness is Gibney's reluctance to engage fully with Thompson's toxic personal life.
FAIR This documentary about his life by Alex Gibney, though entertaining in many ways, is oddly uninterested in his strengths or otherwise as a writer, the very gift for which Thompson earnestly wished to be known.
FAIR Director Alex Gibney has plundered 200 hours of audiotapes, hundreds of photos and personal testimony from an impressive roster of Thompson's colleagues and family to put together an even-handed portrait.
FAIR A straight-line journey through the good doctor's loopy myth and madness, but one that doesn't push far enough into uncharted territory. Fine as a primer, but Gibney leans more towards admiration than examination.
FAIR The film is content to laugh affectionately at Thompson's bad boy exploits, giggle at the impatience of a man who went hunting boar with a sub machine-gun.
BAD This soft-headed hagiography is a disappointment, and at least half an hour too long.
GOOD Gibney says the film took so much out of him that he limped into the Sundance Festival with a ruptured disc, a green liver and spots in his eyes that will not disappear. I hope he now thinks it worth the trouble. I'm pretty sure watchers will.
GOOD Superbly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that's a treat for both newcomers and aficionados of Thompson's work.
GOOD With a wealth of archive material, documentary filmmaker Gibney assembles a remarkably astute and comprehensive look at the life of one of the most notorious journalists in American history.
GOOD a seminal work of talking head biography
GOOD Gonzo is an excellent reminder that Thompson was more than just a wild man. He was, at least for a time, a first-rate writer who covered his times and helped shape them.
FAIR [Gibney] is never quite able to get beyond the familiar in order to give viewers a new and penetrating look at the subject of Thompson and his work.
BAD Too much time in this overly long film is spent on minutiae.
GOOD The rare documentary that puts you in a headlock to pin you to your seat, Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a bracing masterpiece.
GOOD Gibney thus has to negotiate a treacherous path. Its easy to romanticize a larger-than-life personality like Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, and it makes for compelling viewing. However, Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, was not exactly
FAIR The movie is full of itself and fun but nonessential.
FAIR I wanted more unearthed footage. But if you are looking for a tribute to the man, you won't find anything better.
GOOD Filmmaker Alex Gibney had access to those who knew the guy, the famous, the infamous and the obscure, and he paints a picture of a serious journalist who saw himself documenting 'the death of the American Dream.'
FAIR As informative as parts of it are, the movie is not nearly as colorful as longtime Aspen, Colo., resident Thompson.
FAIR In the manner of such key Thompson works as 'Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72,' the movie links entertaining personal biography with fascinating cultural history...
GOOD As a diverting documentary, Gonzo lives up to its subject matter - it is indulgent and witty, filled with a thousand little insights and ultimately sad. Thompson seemed obscure to his family, cartoonishly overblown to his friends.
FAIR Far more insightful than typical rose-colored-glasses eulogizing, the subjects are as brutally honest about Thompson's successes and shortcomings as Thompson was as a writer.
FAIR Gonzo director Gibney frees himself from the heady topicality of his recent documentaries...and dives right down into the deep -- and dark -- end.
FAIR [Director] Gibney assembles a wealth of Thompson memorabilia and first-person interviews for this often insightful and sometimes overly indulgent chronicle.
GOOD Reading his books will give you better insight, but it's hard to imagine a better primer into Thompson's outlaw life.
FAIR I was curious to see why we needed a two-hour documentary about the three-hit wonder who cast away his career halfway through life and coasted on celebrity status for 30 years. After seeing Gonzo, I'm still not convinced we do.
FAIR An amused and affectionate look at the writer who formed a crucial link between the New Journalism of the 1960s and today's blogosphere.
FAIR At its worst, the film takes a long detour into Thompson's admiration for an utterly banal 1974 Carter speech (The Powerful were sticking it to The People again) as a way to make us feel virtuous, political and leftish.
FAIR Thompson created a rebellious niche for himself in a business that more often than you might think channels its writers into conformist routine.
FAIR It's nice to be reminded, as Shakespeare taught us, that truth comes from the most unexpected places, even the booze-ree
BAD If you really want to understand and appreciate [Thompson], you'd be better off reading his books.
FAIR Neatly balancing full-hearted celebration with evenhanded examination.
BAD It is a huge missed opportunity on Crowe's part. In his attempt to show the best traits of a band he is obviously very enamored with, he's wound up with a pretty lackluster film.
GOOD Very few music documentaries in the history of the form have more successfully conveyed the inner workings and outer artistic expression of a band than Cameron Crowe's brilliant Pearl Jam Twenty.
FAIR [Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows.
FAIR With noticeable gaps between the telling of its first decade and its second, Pearl Jam Twenty didn't necessarily need to be a feature, but is a really lovely fan letter to a band that's worked hard for the devotion and respect it receives.
FAIR With its intimacy and (this can't be emphasized enough) fantastic sound, Pearl Jam Twenty is like two hours spent rediscovering the band through excellent headphones.
BAD If only it was about something other than rockers almost irked they got famous.
FAIR In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy.
FAIR By the time "Pearl Jam Twenty" is over we can't help but be impressed by the kind of personal and professional integrity that has kept the band honest and allowed them to endure and prosper.
FAIR While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished.
GOOD If Pearl Jam Twenty has its share of hyperbole, it's leavened with humor, self-deprecating commentary, and a deep-pockets budget's worth of great clips.
GOOD A great introduction to the band as well as a great recap for the fans who have been there all along the way.
GOOD For the biggest fans, it may be the single best movie going experience you will have this year
BAD Cameron Crowe's chronicle of the Seattle grunge quintet's first two decades is undeniably thorough - even offshoot Temple of the Dog gets the spotlight - but it's also weirdly self-aggrandizing.
FAIR Any enterprise like this is inherently self-congratulatory, but the film is best considered from Crowe's perspective: that of a fan.
FAIR A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns.
FAIR Despite surrendering to sentimental fandom, Crowe thoughtfully touches on greyer areas...
FAIR Entertaining, well made documentary that's a treat for fans thanks to its wealth of rarely seen footage and newly filmed interviews...
FAIR The music's the thing and Crowe lets it rip.
BAD Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge.
FAIR Fans will love this energetic documentary tracing more than two decades of the infamous grunge band. But while the film is packed with terrific footage, it's too worshipful for non-fans to take seriously.
BAD A deadly combination of fanboy, friend, and Richie Cunningham, Crowe has zero objectivity about the band
FAIR You may not want to hang around [Hunter S. Thompson] all the time, but he would be a pretty interesting guy to have over for breakfast.
GOOD ...wildly entertaining...
FAIR Do we get to know the real Hunter through viewing Breakfast with Hunter? Possibly. More than ever before, at least.
GOOD Breakfast With Hunter is a cinematic exploration that is perhaps the closest you can get to Hunter Thompson without scoring an invite up to the 'fortified compound'.
FAIR Takes a peculiarly predictable and conventional approach to its study of the godfather of gonzo journalism, Hunter S. Thompson
BAD Curiously prosaic for the wicked incisiveness of its subject.
GOOD Ever wish you could see what goes on behind those famed, heavily fortified walls of Owl Farm? Here's your invitation.
FAIR "The Barefoot Bandit" never coalesces into a complete portrait of a fascinating figure, but it has its moments of difficult truth.
FAIR ...a fascinating dossier, even if the protagonist remains somewhat an enigma. Or perhaps because of it, "The Barefoot Bandit" makes a case for a modern-day folk hero.
FAIR The hit-and-run effect sometimes suggests a documentary equivalent to slam dancing, but without the bruises.
GOOD AmericanHardcore ! Aboutboredstupidyouth! Didn'tliketheNewWave ! Gomoshin'fortruth ! Can'tfindtruth ! Can'tfindgrace ! SettleforHenryRollins! Punchin'dudesintheface !
FAIR While this documentary features rare performance footage of hard-core punk-rock bands Black Flag and Bad Brains, it's not exactly the best-assembled or deepest cinematic exploration of the subject.
FAIR ... an enjoyable if incomplete nostalgia trip.
FAIR Rachman's concert footage confirms that the music was unique: bruising, chaotic and blisteringly electric.
FAIR "American Hardcore" harkens back to the time when punk rockers were actual punks, not whining, prefabricated MTV pretty boys.
FAIR Crammed with grainy, shot-on-the-fly mid-Eighties video footage, recent interviews, and a genuine love for its subject, American Hardcore encapsulates a largely forgotten moment in maximum rock & roll history.
FAIR American Hardcore, Paul Rachman's impressively thorough documentary, tells of the second-generation punk rockers who learned from the Sex Pistols and Ramones and then did their DIY thing.
FAIR American Hardcore gets what most music lovers could not at the time: Sometimes, that noise in your head and that anger in your heart just has to get out, and there's always a guitar around somewhere.
BAD For the record, Rachman's punk-rockology has its cracks. While he worships at the altar of Henry Rollins and Black Flag, he excludes such key West Coast bands as X and the Dead Kennedys.
BAD Instead of an insightful look at disaffected youths finding an outlet for angry energy in rock rages, American Hardcore is a slanted history lesson coming solely from its subjects.
BAD What's irritating about the movie is how much time it spends on empty nostalgia -- shouldn't real punks scorn reminiscing? -- and how little time it spends truly exploring the roots of America's punk prime in the early 1980s.
BAD Hardcore could have done with a little more self-criticism instead of self-congratulation, a little more outside commentary as opposed to inner-circle ramblings.
FAIR Leaves little doubt that this truly was one of the wildest eras in rock.
BAD You can come away feeling bruised and half-deaf.
FAIR An energetic and grandly entertaining tribute to a short-lived period of early-'80s punk rock.
FAIR The movie is hazy about dates and names but bracing in its depiction of young people who made music because they loved it, not because they thought it would make them rich or famous.
FAIR Exhaustive and at turns exhausting, American Hardcore explores 1980s punk subculture with the frenetic energy of mile-a-minute mosh-pit music, sealed with a fist.
FAIR A better doc about punk music would contextualize the genre in the industry and interview kids who cried 'No!' when their parents told them to turn down that racket.
FAIR A reverential but knowledgeable documentary about an aggressive offshoot of punk that flourished on the Left Coast from 1980-86, with outposts in such far-flung locales as Washington, D.C., New York, Boston, Detroit, Chicago and Austin, Tex.
BAD There's a lot of interesting material here, but Rachman doesn't offer any real analysis of his own, and the film suffers from a lack of narrative focus.
GOOD A brilliant grassroots take on the humble beginnings and eventual demise of a musical movement that ultimately had far more impact than it would have ever imagined.
FAIR The film's a pretty good scrapbook ... and it evinces a healthy cranky-old-man disgust with the mega-platinum punk acts of today.
FAIR If you're going to make a movie about hardcore punk, make a movie about hardcore punk.... [This] looks more like the same old PBS documentary.
FAIR Though American Hardcore doesn't achieve a cogent and authoritative history, it succeeds in giving the general impression of the early-'80s hardcore punk scene.
FAIR ... starts promisingly but quickly settles into a repetitive pattern of talking heads repeating the same mantra, interspersed with brief clips of barely visible old film footage.
FAIR This is the 80's like you have never seen them, brilliantly brought back to life in this fascinating new film.
BAD Only if you LOVE hardcore punk is the movie worth a damn
FAIR Almost anyone who's had enough of the purposeless, processed pop that passes for entertainment today will nod their heads in emphatic agreement with what the film says -- when you're not covering your ears, anyway.
FAIR The documentary is an enlightening journey to a dark corner of contemporary punk's dank little basement.
FAIR If it all goes by too fast, and leaves you with a headache when it's done -- well, wasn't that the point all along?
BAD The film features virtually no commentary from anyone who wasn't part of the original scene and who might put hardcore into a larger cultural context, and ends up an intermittently interesting laundry list of same-sounding bands.
FAIR It's an expansive look at a genre and a tribe of musicians that found their collective voice. And there's one thing you could always say about hardcore -- it was never boring.
FAIR Inspired by a book by Steven Blush, Rachman deftly sketches the hardcore scene in a dozen cities and chronicles the growing violence that signaled its demise.
FAIR The resourceful film will stir up a mosh pit of appreciation among aficionados while providing an intriguing, if not always compelling, overview for those less acquainted with the music.
FAIR Punk rock was never about sonic perfection: It was (and is) about emotional intensity, and American Hardcore has that in van loads, and delivers with onetwothreefour! power.
BAD For music that is loud, fast, angry, and in-your-face, the film's low-key tone and pace is more suitable for a PBS fund-raising drive.
FAIR tells you everything you need to know about how vital this music was
GOOD Sebring's drifting tone might leave you bemused, but take it as it comes and it's a captivating insight into modern music's godmother.
BAD For all its transient black-and-white beauties, denies its subject the sort of solid context that would reveal the scale of her achievements. A patchy, frustrating, though loving tribute.
FAIR An extraordinarily intimate portrait of an extraordinary woman, Dream of Life charms despite being filmed through a sycophantic haze.
GOOD While it fails to place Smith's work and her significance in context, the film certainly captures her charisma, wit and passion.
FAIR There are flashes of insight and genuinely moving moments in this long, meandering, wildly indulgent movie record of poet and singer-songwriter Patti Smith.
FAIR Smith, an eloquent subject with a wry view on her life, generously pays tribute to such influential mentors as Dylan, Burroughs and Ginsberg. Her fans should be entranced.
BAD Succeeds in making the 109 minute running time feel like at least eight of the eleven years he took to shoot the film.
FAIR That spirit of encountering the world with undying artistic curiosity -- and without a plan -- informs Dream of Life, a drifting portrait of Smith.
BAD If you don't already own "Horses," this movie will make you want to go out and buy it. You'll also want to start surfing the Internet to fill in the blanks that Dream of Life fails to include.
GOOD There's a note of mourning in this otherwise celebratory film -- for punk rock, for New York, for reality, for a time when popular music was animated by something other than money.
FAIR Heavy on the gabba-gabba, light on the hey!
FAIR Gets extra credit for trying something different.
FAIR Dream of Life barely hints at the transformational energy that Smith exudes in person, but it does paint a portrait of a defiantly creative life.
FAIR Dream of Life takes a while to find its rhythm but once it does, it's riveting stuff.
FAIR Patti Smith: Dream of Life, fashion photographer Steven Sebring's impressionistic study of the most influential of punk poets, disarms and charms with its honesty.
FAIR Insufferable, endearing, pretentiously arty, bracingly direct, humorless, hilarious, oddly distant and strangely touching, but always compulsively watchable -- in other words, a fabulous contradictory mess, much like Smith herself.
FAIR Thanks to its meandering, achronological structure, we don't learn too many specifics of Smith's brilliant career, and only a die-hard fan will find all of it vitally interesting.
FAIR I imagine you could call Dream of Life a loving meditation on a one-of-a-kind performer. And you don't have to be a Smith fan (I am one, by the way) to enjoy.
FAIR Few documentaries about living artists get as deep into their subject's brain and heart as this one about the rock priestess and poetess.
BAD The opportunity to introduce newbies to a serious music-world icon -- and her significance -- feels squandered.
FAIR Even the crudest punk rocker learned three chords (Smith brags of having five) before they plugged in an amp. Steven Sebring would have done better to have had a few lessons in editing and structure before picking up his camera.
FAIR Probably could have cut out 15 to 20 minutes without losing anything, but if you're even remotely interested in this fascinating and enigmatic artist or the influence she's had on the world of rock, then you might want to check it out.
GOOD A lovely, drifty first feature that feels less like a documentary and more like an act of rapturous devotion.
BAD a schizophrenic case study
FAIR A series of elegiac episodes from the life and mind of the fantabulous rock n' roll chanteuse and poetess.
FAIR Some might confuse Zenovich's indictment on the judge as a cop-out in judging Polanski. But the facts remain. There's no further insight into the heinous crime. Nor is there a new judgment to be passed on the man who committed it. Anyone looking for new r
GOOD "Zenovich's film is a fair and skillful chronicling of the Roman Polanski case, and a study of how the circumstances of celebrity influence the carrying out of justice in the U.S. It's not an in-depth study of the filmmaker's psychology nor of how his lif
GOOD While not apologising for his disgusting behaviour, the film puts Polanski's actions in the context of a turbulent life.
GOOD an essential entry in Hollywood's cultural chronicle
GOOD Mesmo tendo criado uma narrativa envolvente, coesa e impecavel a ponto de servir como base para os advogados de Polanski solicitarem o arquivamento do caso, este documentario foi ignorado pela Academia. Arre.
GOOD This chronicle of Polanski's life, career and legal woes offers an engaging portrait of the artist.
GOOD It's the sort of complex story Polanski himself would have excelled at telling, if he weren't busy living it.
FAIR Though Marina Zenovich's film deals with the notorious case of the film director who pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old, the film's real subject is the California legal system turned upside down by celebrity and media pressure.
GOOD Meticulously crafted and keenly thought out, the film also serves as a useful historical document. It illuminates its time period, delves into moral hypocrisy and shows the evolution of muck-raking celebrity journalism.
BAD With a subject like Roman Polanski, you don't really need to do much to capture audience interest. But maybe that's the reason Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired doesn't live up to its promise.
GOOD Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired, a documentary by Marina Zenovich that is also a first-rate work of reportage, makes a forceful case that the whole truth of the matter was never heard in court and Polanski was more sinned against than sinning.
FAIR I found myself occasionally enthralled, mainly due to Polanski's haunted presence coming through, even in the form of an absent ghost.
BAD Roman Polanski (The Pianist, Rosemary's Baby, Chinatown) is unquestionably a great filmmaker, but as Marina Zenovich's documentary Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired perhaps unintentionally demonstrates, he's also a creep.
FAIR She has achieved extraordinary access to the other still-living players in the case, and they all seem to be in agreement: Polanski is correct in saying the judge played with him as a cat might play with a mouse.
GOOD This is a superb picture, sharp, open-minded, wised-up and cinematically accomplished. I wonder if any man could've handled the Polanski enigma with the same ironic intelligence [Marina] Zenovich has.
GOOD A clever, contemplative kind of courtroom drama that utilizes the best of Hollywood filmmaking style to tell a story so strange, it must be true.
GOOD Using tons of footage and new interviews with the victim and key legal figures -- but not the subject himself -- director Marina Zenovich shows how Polanski's darker urges were matched on a moral level by others involved in the case.
FAIR Zenovich has made a feature worthy of its eccentric and reckless central figure at his most cynical and embittered.
GOOD None of the interviewees in Marina Zenovich's fascinating documentary manages to make sense of the famous filmmaker's behavior or apparent thinking. But they all have compelling impressions.
FAIR An exhaustive and riveting narrative
BAD Its indictment ultimately feels like a secondary issue to Polanski's apparently incontrovertible guilt, which makes him--in this instance--still more victimizer than victim.
FAIR Seeks to explore both sides of the endless debate and asks all parties to consider every angle before labeling him as a pedophile or misunderstood genius...
GOOD Roman Polanski deserves his badge of dishonor, no question about it. This amazing documentary argues that others need to start sporting one as well.
GOOD a great and somewhat Kafkaesque story that Polanski might have enjoyed directing... had it been fiction.
FAIR Persuasively demonstrates Polanski was guilty as sin, yet his conviction was a miscarriage of justice.
GOOD A subtly intelligent and sharply argued documentary.
FAIR Is Polanski a great filmmaker who made a mistake, or a perverted coward who ran from the law instead of facing the music?
GOOD The Central Park Five," the second best documentary of 2013, examines the case, placing in perfect context of what was happening in 1989 in NYC and how it led to evil both in Central Park and in the offices of the people trying to keep us safe.
GOOD Like the "Paradise Lost" films, it's a shocking but clear-eyed portrait of injustice.
GOOD The Central Park Five is such a moving piece of work, it is difficult to watch at times.
FAIR Expect your blood pressure to rise during The Central Park Five.
GOOD Burns and company conduct a thorough, riveting investigation that does a far better job of assessing the tragedy than the justice system did two decades before. Of course, hindsight is an advantage we all take for granted.
GOOD A heartbreaking expose' about a rush to judgment which ruined five, innocent young lives.
GOOD Exclusive interviews with former heads of Israel's counter terrorism agency reveal insiders' analysis about the country's policies. Fascinating. Frightening.
FAIR How could this second crime have occurred? The film asks that question but only partly answers it, and in the process it raises an even more troubling one.
FAIR "The Central Park Five" is worth seeing, both for the ways it's timeless and for the ways it encapsulates an era.
GOOD What's amazing about listening to them speak now, often through tears, is the absence of bitterness.
GOOD You'll notice something odd as you watch and your anger rises at the injustice of it all: The anger of the wrongly convicted does not.
FAIR What keeps the film from being an impossible downer is the guts and spirit and smart words of the Central Park Five, four of whom, now freed, are interviewed at length.
GOOD At times, this is a devastating film, one that acknowledges the desire for but refuses to buy into an easy answer.
FAIR Among all of the case's horrors, one of the strongest is that a serial rapist ultimately cared more about the truth than the prosecution.
GOOD An unusually good documentary about an outlandish miscarriage of justice.
GOOD Involves a detailed reconstruction of how the story broke, was developed and was dramatized by lurid tabloid headlines.
GOOD A wonderfully vital, illuminating study of the New York of 20-plus years ago.
BAD ... a respectable but often tedious film that adds little to what is already well known about this episode
GOOD A careful, thoughtful documentary that meticulously re-creates what happened on that night and details how and why everything went so terribly off-course.
FAIR A skillfully told and important story, though less factual blow-by-blow and more time spent with the five would have been more compelling.
FAIR Even as "The Central Park Five" seeks satisfactory answers, it stirs outrage and discouragement all over again.
GOOD It's still chilling to see how easily "The Central Park Five" evokes those mad days of urban distrust.
GOOD Fantastic hip-hop documentary has profanity, some drug use.
FAIR It's an insider's celebration of the form, studded with straight-to-camera rhymesmithery from its best practitioners.
GOOD All fascinating stuff if a little repetitive and rambling but definitely one for fans.
FAIR It's hard not to like a film so in love with its subject matter, or boasting such an incredible soundtrack.
GOOD The film is educative, entertaining, in almost all senses a blast. Your body is left in your seat while your soul is blown to the back of the auditorium.
FAIR Preaching to the choir, but that's no bad thing.
FAIR Watchable documentary that showcases some impressive a cappella rap performances and provides the occasional amusing anecdote...
GOOD A very enjoyable and often fascinating movie.
FAIR There's no faulting the lyrical excellence on display. These guys are legends for a reason.
GOOD An extremely interesting insight, proving that rap music is an art form in its own right.
GOOD It's likely to be fascinating if you are a hip hop fan, but almost wilfully unilluminating if you aren't.
FAIR Freestyle, funny but finally just too repetitive, Ice's affectionate home-movie needed someone to structure it into a deeper documentary.
FAIR Hardly definitive (where's Houston and Memphis, and why are MC Lyte and Salt the only females represented?), the movie is nonetheless fascinating for fans, as rappers break down their writing techniques for Ice-T's cameras.
FAIR Essential viewing and a nice companion piece to "Wild Style," "Style Wars" and other key hip-hop documentaries.
FAIR In his debut as a documentarian, Ice T creates a vibrant portrait of how and why rap came to be.
FAIR This is a film that does sweat the technique, with at times illuminating and spirited results.
FAIR The interviews are often revealing and funny. And much of the music is tremendous.
FAIR The faces and voices are endlessly compelling as they talk about what inspires them to lay down beats and recall the early days in New York.
FAIR There's a discipline to moviemaking, too, alas, and when this effort strays from its (admittedly limited) subject to a surfeit of helicopter city shots and Ice's street prowling, it feels padded.
GOOD Extraordinary footage is the highlight of Saving Luna. It is truly mind-boggling to see and hear the Orca, an endearing creature whose playfulness is unexpected and surprisingly moving.
GOOD The real-life story of Luna -- the orphaned male orca that found itself abandoned in 2001 in B.C.'s Nootka Sound and opted for human company over finding its pod -- begs big-budget Hollywood treatment.
GOOD Whether you loved or hated the idea of an orca seeking human company, the story resonated across generational lines and tugged at something deeper, perhaps even primal, in the human psyche. Because directors Parfit and Chisholm explore this psycho-spiritu
BAD The film about an animal that doesn't respect boundaries has set none for itself.
GOOD Director Jennifer Jessum, who also co-produced and co-shot the film with Simon Joseph, adeptly contextualizes White's story within the painful and complex Lakota and Pine Ridge history.
FAIR An efficient talking heads doc that celebrates the band without deigning to hagiography.
GOOD The Eagles live in both the present and the past.
FAIR The film would be valuable for collecting this footage... even if its lapses as documentary cinema and storytelling device were far more serious than they are.
GOOD A beautiful tribute to a rare artist with an even rarer spirit.
FAIR It is the mythic resonance of her story that makes it a worthy subject a documentary. But it is the down-to-earth human touches that make "Afternoon of a Faun: Tanaquil Le Clercq" worth watching.
FAIR "Afternoon of a Faun: Tanaquil Le Clercq" presents enough teasing glimpses into the dancer's personal and inner life to demand a fuller picture.
GOOD LeClerq, who lived her later years with a fierce independence, died in 2001; in this thoughtful, quiet film, she lives on.
FAIR As tragedy of the woman whose whole life was the hothouse of the dance -- including narrating her wistful, matter-of-fact letters and journals during treatment -- the doc exploring the myth of Le Clercq will be a balletomane's delight.
GOOD Reminds us what the ballet world had for a time.
BAD Afternoon of a Faun is primarily the story of a woman loved, desired, objectified and watched by men.
GOOD A fascinating story of American ballet and one of the greatest ballerinas in the world.
GOOD Mythic, indeed.
GOOD [A] strangely haunting, often heartbreaking new documentary.
FAIR What's most fascinating about "Afternoon of a Faun" - and what the movie could spend more time delving into - is ballet's grueling and fleeting nature.
GOOD Director Nancy Buirski not only is able to give rare insights into the dance world but a compelling tale of love, friendship and perseverance.
FAIR Buirski takes us on an emotional journey, although the start may seem slow to people unfamiliar with the ballet world or Le Clercq's story.
FAIR [As Le Clercq falls to polio, director Nancy] Buirski digs up footage from the past of people encased in iron lungs or floating in nebulous wonderlands - outside-the-box visual cues that turn the film momentarily phantasmagoric.
GOOD Illuminating, profound and poignant.
FAIR Flawed as it is, no balletomane should miss this one.
GOOD Classical dance great Jacques d'Amboise calls Tanaquil LeClercq's style a "path to heaven." And this lovely documentary by Nancy Buirski makes clear that he's right.
GOOD While it does profile the work of brilliant dancer, the film also contains two complex and moving love stories as well an account of a physically devastating tragedy followed by an extraordinary tale of struggle and survival.
BAD Hardly earth-shattering enough for a 5-minute short, much less an 80-minute movie.
FAIR The message is muddy, but that doesn't feel as important as the delivery method, which ends up redeeming this as a film experiment that succeeds for its sense of derring-do if nothing else.
FAIR Hitchcock was a master of mischief and misdirection, and no film so thoroughly infused with his spirit could be dull or predictable.
FAIR the most indefinable film currently playing in theaters; it also happens to be the most madly entertaining
FAIR This isn't a normal movie; it's an art installation. And whatever it may have been meant to be, it takes its real meaning from you.
BAD Mildly entertaining, stylishly edited, but neither synthesized nor provocative enough to be a truly enlightening experience
GOOD A marvelous, multi-media mockumentary about Hitchcock certain to add to the already lofty stature of the revered cinema icon.
BAD A way of showing how the Master of Suspense's work captured the zeitgeist, and how the zeitgeist responded by getting dumberer.
BAD The connections that Grimonprez makes among his various areas of inquiry seem mightily tenuous.
BAD Drawing hazy parallels between the Cold War and the rise of consumerist culture, the film implies ideological battles are won by those best able to exploit the media in insidious ways.
GOOD So here it is: an essay film it's okay to like.
BAD Hitchcock fans and die-hard moviegoers will enjoy this offbeat collage-style movie, which is expertly assembled but struggles to engage us with a coherent story or theme
GOOD A single viewing only scratches the surface of this dazzling montage-based Hitchcock quasi-doc.
GOOD This is arguably a rather cerebral and indulgent reverie, but there is fascination, and something genuinely disturbing, in every frame.
GOOD A mash-up of the Master of Suspense and newsreel from the Cold War, playing on Hitchcock's obsession with doppelgangers.
GOOD A documentary that practically defies description, Grimonprez's film is playful, provocative and very, very watchable.
BAD Its laboured contention that the cold war era was an age of unique and privileged anxiety seems dubious. (Every age in its different but equal way is an age of anxiety.)
GOOD This says less about media-generated paranoia (both then and now) than it does about Hitchcock's teasing attitude to his work and how badly American cinema currently needs somebody of his genius.
GOOD A dizzying mosaic of historical footage, vintage advertisements, contemporary interviews and a fiction strand adapted from Jorge Luis Borges combine and proffer multiple delights.
BAD Double Take is an ingeniously constructed film that's ultimately something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the vintage clips and the sinister coffee commercials, but the other elements never really come together in a satisfying way.
BAD The filmmaker reportedly spent 11 years putting this film together - and for the unlucky viewer, sitting through this numbing and pointless work can seem like an 11-year stretch.
FAIR Persons' short quasi-documentary doesn't offer specific solutions to toxic modernity, but the film itself is a temporary fix for fallen spirits.
FAIR An intimate, meticulously crafted meditation on the impact of civilization on the natural and spiritual landscape of the American South.
GOOD "General Orders No. 9" is a tone poem laid over 72 minutes' worth of images, many of them lovely, and is, as its press material says, "unlike any film you have ever seen."
BAD General Orders No. 9 strains for elegiac profundity and ends up as bad, backward-looking poetry.
BAD The film haphazardly follows the self-destructive path by which, in its own words, "deer trail becomes Indian trail becomes county road becomes interstate."
FAIR Filmmaker Juan Manuel Echavarria's hands-off approach hinders us from mocking the believers' naivete.
FAIR While not a particularly great documentary, it succeeds hugely at what it sets out to do, aided by a dramatic storyline that would probably be dismissed as too fantastically implausible if it was in a fiction film.
GOOD What a cool documentary. What a cool memoir.
FAIR The story itself would be largely untold if Belman hadn't wheedled his way into their trust, filming his own footage and being granted use of a wealth of home-movie material.
BAD Really, it's just an extension of the LeBron James brand, released to coincide with a book on the same subject and designed to explore the star's humble roots even while further buffing his galactic glitter.
FAIR It drags in places, becomes repetitive and could use a more rigid hand in editing, but it also has a kind of pleasing earnestness that would be lost in a more sophisticated effort.
FAIR No make-believe Hollywood script could match this once-in-a-lifetime, all-American story.
FAIR There's plenty to both cheer and ponder.
FAIR What's amazing, and what Belman captures perfectly, is how Coach Dru achieves his dream of becoming a head coach by being a role model to these boys in need.
GOOD More Than a Game is more than a feature-length profile of LeBron James, and that's good news.
BAD Despite opening with a statement that basketball should be a means to an end rather than an end in itself, the film itself is about 99.9% basketball.
BAD The filmmakers go a little too far with the superlatives, at times trying to portray these gifted and often immature players as bigger underdogs than they appear to be in real life. But the movie is comprehensive and interesting...
FAIR It's a resonant story about four boyhood friends, determination, sacrifice, overcoming obstacles and the mentor who guides them from rough beginnings to the national basketball championship. It's about victorious lives, not games.
FAIR Utterly captivating for the humanity at its core.
FAIR What's almost as impressive as James's talent on the court is his poise and character.
FAIR You'd be hard-pressed to find a better documentary about on-court dynamics and off-court camaraderie; but as journalism, it's less than thorough.
BAD Let's start with the title, which is problematic by nature: There is nothing more than a game on display here.
FAIR It's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams.
FAIR There is dazzling basketball here and an interesting father-son relationship (Coach Dru Joyce was father of the shortest player on the team).
FAIR The skilled editing eventually brings out the personalities of all five players, adding an emotional stake to the footage of key games.
BAD Somewhat engaging and well-edited with stylish cinematography and great music, but it ultimately falls short in terms of offering insightful and provocative revelations.
FAIR 'More Than a Game' is a riveting, emotional and inspirational documentary that captures the ups and downs of five young men who bonded as friends and teammates.
FAIR LeBron becomes a high school star, and this doc entertains without getting too heavy.
FAIR The footage is terrific, and all the guys make for charismatic heroes. But Belman barely addresses the stories happening off the court.
GOOD It's always risky to mix sports metaphors, but it's hard to resist the notion that the basketball-themed More Than a Game is a knockout of a sports documentary.
BAD There's no "I" in team. But there are two in stultifying.
FAIR Maybe Belman's film will instill in youngsters an interest in documentaries, of which this is a generally fine example.
BAD evoted fans of the game, and especially of LeBron James, will love More Than a Game. The skeptical and the curious may find themselves wanting more.
FAIR It's an inspiring tale not just for lovers of basketball, although the games featured are so thrilling and tense that it's a challenge to remain sitting placidly in one's seat.
FAIR keeps the hype at bay long enough to create a story about real characters, rather than indulging in glorified player profiles.
BAD Belman only skims the surface; even his depiction of the admirable Joyce (who ditched corporate America to chase his dream of being a mentor) shows a preference for tidy sound bites over intense inquiry.
FAIR Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return.
GOOD An inspirational bio-pic about the transcendent magic of friendship forged in pursuit of hoop dreams.
GOOD Not exactly your average sports saga, filled with extraordinary characters and equally extraordinary circumstances that Hollywood could craft no better in any feature script.
GOOD You never know who on the Golden Gate is about to leap to his or her death in this compelling documentary, so you have to keep your eyes glued to the screen. 24 tormented souls linked by suicide as a seductive alternative to their unrelenting suffering.
BAD Little more than a snuff film clumsily dressed up as an art house flick.
GOOD Two dozen souls, linked by suicide as a seductive, and very visible alternative to unrelenting torment and suffering.
FAIR The Bridge avoids reducing its subjects to types, and if the portraits painted are often recognizable -- the person who talks so much about suicide that those around him fail to take him seriously -- they are not repetitive.
FAIR There are harrowing moments: who could not be moved by a parent talking about a son's suicide? But you do not leave the cinema with a better understanding of suicide.
BAD It's gripping viewing but you feel like a voyeur of somebody else's pain. After a while you may feel that you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
GOOD This will get flack for being a "snuff" film - but the real tragedy is how suicide is often hidden away. This film brings it out in the open.
BAD This could be the most morally loathsome film ever made.
GOOD The filmmakers' methods are questionable, but the power of the resulting documentary and the importance of the issues it raises are not.
FAIR despite the shocking, up-close look, we're no closer to a real understanding of the terrible urge to end it all.
GOOD This fascinating, sensitive documentary is an extraordinary film that is both thought-provoking and deeply moving, although it contains images that some viewers may find upsetting.
GOOD Recommended, if sobering viewing.
BAD If harrowing footage of deeply disturbed people contemplating a hideous suicide cross-cut with interviews with grieving loved ones who often blame themselves for failing to prevent the tragedy strike you as art - help yourself.
FAIR The results are striking: an emotional and aesthetic whirlpool of horror, fascination, beauty, and resignation that would probably drown lesser movies but that gives The Bridge an eerie power.
FAIR By his use of interviews of friends and family of jumpers, Steel reminds us that no matter how alone some of these people felt, they weren't without people who loved them. It is a tender, powerful work.
FAIR As tough as the film is to watch, it's even more difficult to turn away. Even though suicide is prevalent in America %u2014 more than 30,000 occur each year %u2014 it's swept under the rug.
BAD Rather slow. Interviews are meaningful and important. Shots of jumpers are rather suspect, ethically.
GOOD Far from being the exploitation of a lesser filmmaker, by recording the friends and families as they work through their thoughts and emotions, the film becomes an unusual act of compassion
BAD Despite its best intentions, however, The Bridge is ultimately only able to raise questions, failing to provide an avenue for a deeper exploration of the taboo subject.
GOOD The problem is knowing who's suicidal before it's too late, and that's a big part of what makes watching (director Eric) Steel's footage such a harrowing experience.
FAIR It's disturbing, needless to say, but also affecting in unexpected ways.
FAIR Framing the debate as being about the Golden Gate masks the bigger problem of a society that does not do a great job at taking care of its most vulnerable citizens, and that's the real scandal of The Bridge.
FAIR The interviews with loved ones keep the tragedies in context and help us process what we see. The true substance of The Bridge lies in their words, rather than the shots of the people they've lost.
FAIR The Bridge does not try to milk these tragedies, which are often shot from a great distance and tastefully edited.
BAD One of (author Neale Donald) Walsch's precepts is that you should never make a living doing something you hate. If I'd known that, I might not have felt obliged to sit through every excruciating minute of this sanctimonious infomercial.
BAD This is death porn, shocking for the sake of being shocking and little else.
BAD The film is not good, it is not average, it is simply not recommendable in good conscience.
GOOD The Bridge is brave and unflinching, unshakably haunting and deeply mysterious. I doubt I'll forget it until the day I die.
FAIR This is one movie that's guaranteed to linger in your mind after you leave the theater, whether you want it to or not.
BAD The decision to keep the process of filming out of the film robs it of too much context.
BAD conjures up ideas of suicide and why people do it, but it never fully explores them
FAIR It de-romanticizes the idea of suicide by italicizing it in all its bleak, brutal reality, while making palpable the tortured predicament of those left behind.
BAD Despite the proficient technique, after a while you may feel you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
FAIR Steel assembles a scrapbook of suicide: reminiscences of surviving family and friends and magnetically morbid caught-on-tape records of people's last living moments on Earth.
GOOD The Bridge is both a beautiful film and a disturbing one, and the connection between those two characteristics makes it the most disquieting of documentaries.
GOOD This eerie and indelible documentary about suicide juxtaposes transcendent beauty with personal tragedy.
BAD If a suicide attempt is too personal for the filmmaker to try to intervene, what right do we have to just sit back and watch?
BAD Not quite documentary, yet by no means drama, "Inside the Mind of Leonardo" is what might be called poetic biography: maddeningly fragmentary and idiosyncratic, but 100 percent true.
FAIR The movie is less about telling us what Da Vinci achieved and how, but attempting to figure out why he did what he did.
FAIR captivating and compelling
GOOD An extraordinarily-insightful endeavor urging Evangelicals to examine their own morality in relation to Jesus' words instead of conveniently pointing fingers at folks they've long since dismissed as heathens.
FAIR Although it's somewhat messy in its organization and execution, Lord, Save Us From Your Followers is a great example of the modern essay film in action.
GOOD Godfrey Cheshire, a highly acclaimed film critic, uses his cinematic smarts and sensibility to good effect in "Moving Midway," his documentary about the relocation of his ancestral home, an antebellum N.C. plantation named Midway.
BAD It is more successful as a study of Dixie social sciences than as a family video diary.
FAIR The details behind the actual move are the least interesting part of the film; far more compelling is the "history" of slavery as presented through a polished Hollywood veneer.
GOOD Cheshire deftly interweaves different interpretations of the antebellum South, through architecture, family memories (black and white), history, and popular culture.
GOOD In its 98 minutes, film critic Godfrey Cheshire's documentary Moving Midway records an amazing architectural feat, and that's the least of its virtues.
GOOD Quirky yet thoughtful.
FAIR Moving Midway tells three stories, each one worthy of a film of its own.
GOOD An admirable examination of one family's belated attempt to come to grips with, if not atone for, its role in America's original sin.
FAIR There is a satisfyingly Faulknerian air of bizarreness about the episode, and the shots of the grand old house being trundled down country roads are amazing.
GOOD Tells a fascinating and complicated story of regional identity.
GOOD When film critic Godfrey Cheshire decided to make a movie of his own, he found the ideal subject right in his backyard.
FAIR The historical and the personal converge in Moving Midway, Godfrey Cheshire's analytical and emotive portrait of ancestral roots and antebellum mystique.
FAIR Delightful for fans, Perry's screen debut is a calculated but entertaining proposition.
FAIR If you are a 'KatyCat'. I imagine you've already got tickets. But if you get dragged along to this you won't find yourself looking for the nearest noose.
GOOD Katy Perry: Part of Me is the biggest surprise of 2012. It's not just a fluff piece for the fans, but a spectacularly made, emotionally honest portrait of one of pop culture's biggest personalities.
FAIR I'm still not sure how intentional this paradoxical mix of sexiness and childlike goofiness really is.
FAIR ... a sympathetic, even adoring portrait ...
FAIR The prime reason for this movie's infectious spirit is Perry's performance in concert.
FAIR Sequined and sparkly, like Katy Perry, this documentary is aimed at her fanatic preteen fan base.
FAIR Pre-teen girls will love it and their parents will appreciate the unusual depth of this concert documentary.
GOOD Against all of the odds in a business that is potentially so ephemeral, dangerously shallow, nihilistic and sycophantic, Part of Me is, in its own little way, one of the films of the year.
FAIR A fascinating and surprisingly intimate look at the person inside the superstar.
FAIR Through it all, through her cotton-candy-colored hair hues, her candy-store concert sets and cheesy looking stage costumes, all her chart-topping success, Perry comes of as genuine...
FAIR The other thing you learn is that she had an interesting childhood...both her parents are preachers, traveling ministers. "Do ya feel the power of the Lord upon you"?? 700 Club on steroids kinda stuff.
GOOD This documentary should really be renamed All Of Me, as pop star Katy opens her backstage dressing room, her wardrobe and her heart for the cameras.
FAIR I saw Katy Perry: Part of Me -- and I liked it.
BAD [It] isn't so much a movie as a canny, inoffensive slice of brand management and marketing. And as such, it's not half bad.
FAIR It's filled with pizzazz and sparkle, but not enough to distract from the real person under the cupcake skirt.
FAIR Like that recent Justin Bieber documentary, Part of Me proves to be a surprisingly digestible entertainment.
FAIR Ultimately, while this is a Perry promotional movie, it manages to be a refreshingly honest portrayal of one of music's biggest stars.
FAIR Although there are moments when the filmmakers' fingerprints are nearly visible on the manipulated putty of an audience, the scenes aren't enough to break the fruit-flavored spell.
GOOD Entertaining concert film follows pop singer's highs, lows.
GOOD Everything is 'on message' and approved by the star - yet it's as intimate as this kind of film gets.
GOOD As Katy was seen doubling over in pain as she forced the last few tears to fall, clutching the wall for support as she gasped for breath wearing a rotating sparkly bra, I was shocked to discover that my own cheeks were wet.
FAIR Has more stand-alone substance and resonance than anticipated.
GOOD Packed with high energy, basic morals and an infectious charm, much like Perry herself.
BAD Just like it says, "Part of Me" is one aspect of Perry, but her fans may leave the movie wanting more.
BAD For Perry fans, there's not much more you could ask for - but for non-devotees, it's a lightweight package.
FAIR 'In some ways, I live in a fairy tale,' says Perry, a polychrome Snow White who doesn't just charm the birds out of the trees but sings of being 'a phoenix,' of having a 'hummingbird heart,' of longing for a bold display of 'peacock.'
FAIR What is worth seeing - and shelling out the 3-D premium for - is Perry's eye-popping showmanship.
FAIR Katy Perry's sugary sweet wonderland is a hit with her fans, but it also makes for an inspiring movie for those who might have never heard her music.
BAD Unfortunately, as sweet as Perry come across, the product as a whole is mastabatory, jarring and ultimately pretty dull.
FAIR Perry is no dancer and not much of a mover; she's a more mannequin-ish presence, but an energizer mannequin, expressive and ever connecting.
FAIR Footage from Perry's elaborate stage show, which hit Xcel Energy Center last August, is so energetic and fizzy that the blandly catchy songs feel like just a small and not unpleasant piece of the puzzle.
FAIR Personally, I prefer Adele. But teens who adore Perry should be satisfied with the colourful on-stage stuff.
BAD I'm willing to believe Perry is everything "Part of Me" says she is: kind, smart, talented, hardworking, deserving of success. I just wish the movie trusted me to decide for myself.
FAIR Surely there are more interesting subjects, but Perry manages to pull it off here, coming off completely likable and real, never insufferable and fake.
FAIR [It] goes a bit beyond the usual music documentaries, which rarely document anything beyond how beloved their stars are.
FAIR You'll be haunted.
GOOD Ring of Fire is not about boxing. It's about the importance of tolerance and the power of forgiveness.
GOOD Like Talking Heads itself, Jonathan Demme's landmark 1984 film is accessible and arty. In less skilled hands, it would simply feel alien and cold, not vibrantly and enthrallingly alive.
GOOD It's all so precise even as it is totally loopy, and the music pressed up in our face so urgently and enticingly, that the movie is as close to perfect as it gets.
GOOD Stop Making Sense is a concert film with a narrative, bursting at the seams with bits of invention and passion.
GOOD This ain't no disco, but it is a party.
GOOD One of the best concert movies ever.
FAIR Decent, as concert films go. Being a huge TH fan helps. Byrne's oversized suit good for a chuckle.
GOOD Es nostalgia ochentera de antologia. Puro, total y absoluto rock & roll.
GOOD a powerful musical experience because the filmmakers have such utter confidence in the material that there is no need to dress it up
GOOD This is an uplifting movie in the truest, most basic sense -- it just puts you in a good mood.
GOOD a decade and a half later, the music and brash presence of creative genius still byrne down the house.
GOOD Incredibly moving. Even if you don't have a three-story screen in your home, the film still works marvelously.
FAIR Does a remarkable job of putting the viewer right with elephants in the Kenyan savannah and orangutans in the lush jungles of Borneo.
FAIR It's entertaining, poignant, educational (at least for kids), inspirational, and certainly beautiful to look at.
FAIR A nice family outing, this, but those after an in-depth discussion had better look elsewhere.
FAIR It's just 40 minutes long, but in that short time it produces more "awwww" moments than any feature-length film to hit theaters this year.
FAIR In Born to be Wild, the milk of human kindness nourishes the animals. And the audience.
GOOD Invites you on a thrilling IMAX 3D cinematic safari to wildlife 'orphanages' in Kenya and Borneo, where baby elephants and orangutans are nurtured and trained to return to the wild.
FAIR Trades on an indisputable fact: Ecologically friendly movies about cute animals are just about impossible to resist.
GOOD 'Born to Be Wild' is one of the finest films of the year. Anyone who ever has loved an animal in a wild environment (or, for that matter, shared a home with one) must see this extraordinary movie about animal rescue.
GOOD ... unusually deft for a 40-minute documentary ...
FAIR There are three certainties in life: death, taxes, and Morgan Freeman's voice.
FAIR What it lacks in length, the 45-minute movie makes up in entertainment value.
GOOD This may make me sound like less of a man, but I'm going to say it anyway: Born to Be Wild is by far the most adorable movie I've seen in the theater in a long time.
FAIR A decent weekend diversion, this IMAX documentary is cute enough to engage your kids, while teaching them the most basic lessons in ecological responsibility.
FAIR The hip soundtrack adds momentum, and the reassuring narration of Morgan Freeman lets us know these lucky orphans will have a fighting chance for survival after taking their first steps -- or swings -- back into the wild.
FAIR A cute and touching look at animals in peril and the dedicated humans who care for them.
GOOD Sweet, inspiring tale of two wildlife fairy godmothers.
GOOD Born to Be Wild is a film you'll want to show your children. With any luck, it will eventually find its way into every elementary classroom.
FAIR While there's an important story here - how these two women take in endangered animals with the intention of later releasing them back into the wild - the main attraction is the general adorableness.
FAIR It's sort of poetic justice that the wretched "Sucker Punch" is getting kicked off four Manhattan IMAX screens after just two weeks by this charming nature documentary.
FAIR "Born to be Wild" is a good nature film - and a great technical achievement.
FAIR Although it runs just a fleet 40 minutes, the film proves a rich and memorable journey.
GOOD Narrated by Morgan Freeman (of course), "Wild" shifts gracefully between the two locations without ever feeling like it's imposing a story arc on them.
FAIR Wholesome and educational, teaches right from wrong, and brings up some important environmental issues.
GOOD Some animal parts, it turns out, are perfectly suited to 3-D, none more so than an elephant's trunk.
GOOD Incredible and inspiring, educational and endearing
FAIR An honest marketer might have just gone ahead and titled the film "Awwwww.''
GOOD Born to be Wild is both grand spectacle and intimate tale.
GOOD The film is short - clocking in at just under 45 minutes - but it is long on compassion.
FAIR A helpful and healing documentary for families about the work of two woman who are caring for orphan elephants and orangutans.
FAIR Everything a family movie should be: touching, funny and inspiring.
FAIR Cute, but never insufferably so, "Born to Be Wild 3D" is best taken as the perfect film to transition your kids from animation to live action fare - short, sweet, and educational.
GOOD Estabelecendo o estilo que marcaria sua carreira, Broomfield cria um documentario que, para revelar a personalidade de seu protagonista, utiliza a estranha (e hilaria) tatica de irrita-lo ao maximo.
FAIR Amusing documentary duel at the video arcade.
GOOD Seth Gordon's unexpectedly engrossing documentary about the quest for a "Donkey Kong" record - a seeming paradise only for the pale and pasty -offered a fascinating, infuriating look at the bleakly funny morass of American social expectations.
GOOD Even if you've never so much as eaten a single ghost in a game of Ms. Pac-Man, King of Kong is still a remarkable (and remarkably hilarious) film.
FAIR It's clear that director Seth Gordon is rooting for Wiebe - but it is not just a trick of the editing that means within 30 minutes of the political machinations of Kong beginning, you will be too.
FAIR A great little documentary, full of laughs, drama and tension. It's like Rocky, but with a joystick. And an opponent who isn't actually seen stepping into the ring.
FAIR You could hardly call it a paragon of impartial filmmaking, but this is still a compelling and immersive glance into the nature of competitiveness and the corrupting aspects of fame.
GOOD An engrossing story that plucks at the heartstrings just as hard as it pummels the fire buttons.
GOOD Gordon invites us to snicker at his cast of hardcore gamers, for whom 'Donkey Kong' tournaments are as vital as Super Bowls and as divisive as the war on abortion. But once embedded in their strange world, he finds a compelling story to tell.
GOOD Unquestionably the most engaging and flat-out entertaining documentary since Murderball...
GOOD an oddly entertaining and exciting documentary that at times looks like a mockumentary
GOOD You could say it's sort of like Murderball, only these guys' disabilities are of the social variety. At any rate, it's a great film
GOOD "When We Were Kings" for dorks.
FAIR The King of Kong is as winning, sweet, and occasionally disturbing a documentary about people for whom time has stopped somewhere around 1982 as you'd ever want to see.
FAIR A terrifically entertaining documentary about an unlikely subject.
FAIR It's very earnest. And funny. And endearing.
GOOD Mitchell is a ringer for Ben Stiller's pompous villain in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.
GOOD Wonderful, hilarious documentary.
GOOD Painful and interesting to watch, even with such clear black and white characters. See it if you can.
GOOD The King of Kong is proof that you don't need Earth shattering events of cosmic import to create a compelling film.
GOOD Seth Gordon's feature-length documentary about obsessive arcade gamers could possibly be the most entertaining thing you could do on a Saturday night.
GOOD A documentary that successfully takes it to the next level.
GOOD The remarkable thing about The King of Kong is how its quixotic alternate universe quickly becomes a recognizable microcosm of our own real thing.
FAIR Nerds rule.
FAIR The big laughs here come from the subjects' self-absorption.
GOOD With the results up in the air until the very end of the film, you will care who wins the goofy contest.
GOOD An operatic tragicomedy of rivalry, jealousy, failure, and success.
GOOD A gripping yarn, an edge-of-your-seat thriller, as well as a mocking insider's view and a genuine giggle.
GOOD This may take place in the insular world of men who spend too much time in front of dimly-lit video screens, but that does not make this very un-Homeric struggle for glory any less engaging.
FAIR It's almost embarrassing how compelling this film becomes...
GOOD Kong has more humor, more drama and more humanity than all of the summer's top 10 movies combined and even delivers some sly commentary on how out of whack American priorities have become.
GOOD One of the smartest documentaries of the year, and easily the funniest.
GOOD It's a nightmare that starts like a normal daytime drive and ends in a vortex-like sinkhole.
FAIR As Leslie Cockburn's camera roams the foreclosed rowhouses of Baltimore, their planked-up doors reminiscent of shots from The Wire, I thought: Baltimore needs some good PR.
FAIR Much of the final two-thirds of the documentary can have a TV newsmagazine feel: solidly presented, but not shaped to a larger end. As self-righteousness sets in, however justified, so does a certain artistic slackness.
FAIR Putting a face on the incomprehensible figures, the film takes a look at some of the victims, middle-class professionals who bought into the dream of home ownership and lost everything.
FAIR If there's an overarching theme it's that people respond to incentives and so regulation of the financial market is necessary to see that the incentives offered are not perverse.
FAIR The documentary details in no-nonsense, talking-head style how commercial and investment banks moved high-risk mortgages out into the economy, dumping debt and reaping profits in the process.
BAD A lopsided, visually uninspired film that works best when it eschews the complex numbers-crunching of its financial industry pundits and whistle-blowers to profile the everyday victims of the crisis.
GOOD The best look to date at the rotten US housing mortgage system that developed over the last ten years. Clear enough to make you cry.
FAIR The piece finds a balance between the tearjerkers caught in the crossfire and the reckless bidders who don't seem to feel troubled for the life of excess at the expense of others.
BAD The movie's lack of Michael Moore-style dynamism has a dulling effect.
FAIR Has the feel of a quickie made-for-TV doc. It's bare bones ... but timely.
FAIR The lesson of this story: if enough money is involved, greed trumps morality.
FAIR A riveting and multidimensional examination of the subprime mortgage meltdown and its devastating impact on homeowners from poor African-Americans to wealthy Californians with swimming pools.
GOOD A damning documentary which makes a convincing case that neither the federal government nor the corporate elite could care less about the plight of the working class.
FAIR an angry film for an angry country
BAD The film is designed for the public, but because it's made up of interviews with financial insiders -- and financial insiders talk like experts, not like high school economics teachers -- some of this information may be difficult for lay people to follow.
GOOD A revelatory howl against the still-gestating, $8 trillion-and-counting financial-services industry bailout, American Casino follows the money that changed hands, or account columns, at every step of the subprime home-loan scam.
BAD Zzzzz...
FAIR "Sleep Furiously" is a lovely film, but maddeningly complacent.
BAD Beautifully shot but more than a little sterile.
BAD Ultimately, the first impression given - of a place both familiar and strange - is the only impression offered. It's not enough.
GOOD Gideon Koppel's free-form portrait of a Welsh farming community may be the most subtly poetic piece of cine-anthropology to come down the pike in eons.
FAIR A paean to the dignity of ritualized traditions that aims for poetic calmness, but more often smoothes its subjects into deliberately emblematic somnambulism.
FAIR This film is best taken as a visual ode to an all-but-forgotten way of life.
GOOD Sleep Furiously may be the most beautifully elemental documentary film to have emerged in Britain in over a decade and I can't applaud it loudly enough.
BAD Even though it's sometimes picturesque and involving, it's also so achingly slow and indulgent that it will test even the most patient viewers.
GOOD This is as fully formed and unique a debut movie as you could ever hope to see.
GOOD Images of wistful sadness - lone figures with plodding dogs on rain-lashed hillsides - are interlaced with humour and moments of skin-prickling beauty that leave the audience undone.
GOOD The film has richness and an unshowy compassion, its grammar and pace adjusting to the tempo of the countryside.
GOOD Sleep furiously is a film whose lower-case title is in perfect keeping with the understated but tremulous mood it manages, with rare skill, to create and to maintain.
GOOD A poetic, profound and contemplative journey into a world of endings and beginnings.
FAIR More a mood piece than a typical documentary, it takes time to acclimatise to Gideon Koppel's quiet study of life in his mum's Welsh village, but once you're in there is much to enjoy.
GOOD It's unusually tender and eccentric, and Koppel's personal sadness at the passing of this way of life is palpable.
GOOD Koppel's film transcends the pedagogic to touch the celebratory, the holistic, the mystical.
GOOD The elegiac tenderness and pictorial beauty of Gideon Koppel's film becomes, by degrees, quite compelling.
GOOD An astonishing, gorgeously crafted and surprisingly absorbing film.
FAIR Delicate, dignified but also undeniably dull, Sleep Furiously captures perhaps all too well the slow rhythms of a disappearing idyll.
FAIR entertaining without always being compelling
BAD Seeing Gilliam's vision falter is simply painful and joyless.
GOOD The only person who has jousted at more windmills than Don Quixote seems to be Terry Gilliam.
GOOD Wondrous document of a film gone wrong and an artist who inspires fans, cast and crew, even as he terrifies financiers, insurers and anyone more firmly footed in filmmaking reality.
GOOD Lost In La Mancha will have you alternately wincing, laughing and, finally, weeping at the thought that we may never see this potentially brilliant movie.
GOOD Filled with humor and human drama, this La Mancha is an intriguing place for film lovers to get lost.
FAIR A fascinating record of how the movie fell apart, piece by piece, with everything short of a natural disaster conspiring against the filmmaker.
GOOD Unique, fascinating, funny and sad.
GOOD A fascinating study in the cinematic arts, as we watch a talented director and a committed crew and cast thwarted by nature, human failings and just plain bad luck.
GOOD The real focus of the film is Gilliam himself -- and his growing disillusionment with the project as it stubbornly refuses to become the movie he's already shot in his head.
FAIR It's every director's worst nightmare come alive and as a major movie buff... it was a fascinating watch.
GOOD An absolute must for fans of Terry Gilliam.
GOOD A surreal and epic tale of a lost cause. Cervantes himself would nod in appreciation.
FAIR There's no higher message here - just the pleasure of watching hotshot producers, filmmakers and actors bicker with one another, with insurance companies, with fate.
GOOD Gilliam's level of enthusiasm and relentless desire to keep on going is infectious.
GOOD All in all, it's an illuminating look behind the curtain -- one that leaves one wondering how good films ever get made at all.
FAIR Gilliam himself is a joy to behold. His wit stays sharp even as his fortunes dull, and the conditions that conspire against him only prove the mettle in our man of La Mancha.
GOOD A funny, factual, and heartbreaking chronicling of what happens when man and God work in harmony to doom a film in mid-birth.
GOOD A stunning documentary.
FAIR Interesting and entertaining documentary that proves dreams don't always come true.
FAIR This simple 'making-of' story becomes an 'unmaking-of' documentary
FAIR Gilliam is a complicated, wily presence in all the scenes, cajoling his collaborators to join him in his vision, and our skepticism about whether this project is worthy of his vision only increases the pathos and humor of the project.
FAIR Fulton and Pepe filmed it all and inadvertently captured lightning in a bottle in the process.
GOOD It's fascinating, and I bit off every one of my fingernails from the stress.
GOOD Anyone the slightest bit interested in the filmmaking process should see this film.
BAD I'd like Lost in La Mancha more if it didn't take the easy but misleading route of dovetailing Gilliam's frustrations into Welles's, and then dovetailing both into Quixote's.
FAIR Interesting but nothing spectacular, the film is relatively easy enough to sit through, but isn't quite as insightful and certainly not as entertaining as I had been led to believe.
GOOD Plays like a doomed love story, a film about a love ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR Some films end with a whimper; this one banged into a stone wall.
BAD This is not compelling film making; it just makes you hope that these kids will lighten up and learn to enjoy life.
FAIR The presence of a film crew may have encouraged drama.
BAD It pains me to say it, but as far as I can see it's an extended and slightly better crafted example of those fake 'reality TV' shows.
FAIR American Teen follows the zeitgeist of documentary filmmaking, where truth is manipulated in order to create an entertaining film, which it no doubt is. Yet the question of its authenticity will linger in the minds of some viewers.
FAIR An intriguing look -- alternately funny and heartbreaking -- inside the heads of today's teens.
FAIR In contrast to other recent documentaries about coming of age in America, American Teen seems somewhat simplistic, perhaps naive.
BAD An addictive documentary that'll have you cheering and crying, then waiting for the director to jump out from behind your sofa and say it was all a big joke.
GOOD Funny and fresh, it won't break boundaries but it will make anyone thankful for growing up.
GOOD Anyone who doesn't like it can stay behind after class.
BAD The tears and laughter are genuine enough, but Berstein's orchestrations make her less of a fly on the wall than a fly in the ointment.
FAIR Although elements of the movie appear stage managed it is still a very watchable document of everyday lives.
GOOD This absorbing doc is a funny, heartbreaking reminder that we're all wounded survivors of the original war zone.
FAIR Compelling but not especially insightful, this is like watching nine months worth of reality TV in an hour and a half. Parental discretion is advised: if you have teens, this won't cheer you up.
FAIR Despite its flashy approach, American Teen remains emotionally involving because of the lives on show. You will care about these people, even if you suspect the director doesn't.
BAD It's a lightly amusing film but it's also an unchallenging one which reinforces presumptions about kids rather than surprising with new insights. It floats in the shallow end of filmmaking.
FAIR The documentary curriculum is sex, gossip and self-pity. Not exactly original, but disturbingly true.
BAD This film was for me marred by the persistent suspicion that the director wasn't being entirely straight with us.
GOOD What makes American Teen so compelling is the way the four are presented. At first they seem like stock stereotypes, but over the course of the movie, we gain a powerful insight into what makes them tick.
FAIR Imagine High School Musical 3 without the singing, dancing or perfect teeth.
FAIR At times it looks rather staged for camera, in the manner of reality television, but there's a lot more to like and enjoy here than you might suppose.
FAIR Burstein orchestrates their passage through school with some sympathy and no real revelations - except for the fact that she guesses, probably correctly, that most teenagers are nothing like as dangerous and bolshie as a lot of adults believe.
GOOD A hugely enjoyable documentary with likeable characters and familiar, but no less compelling storylines, though you do wonder just how much of it was staged for the cameras.
GOOD What it might lack in plausibility, it makes up for with charm, laughs and an optimistic ending.
BAD She shoehorns their personal details into predictable teen movie narrative arcs, draining any life out of them in the process and turning them into annoying caricatures. narrative arcs, draining any life out of them in the process and turni
FAIR While compelling and nostalgic, American Teen is also like high school because it's hard to sort out the pure motives of the film
BAD dieisdytikotero ap' o,ti tha perimenes na prokypsei apo ena systima parakoloythisis mias pragmatikotitas poy tha perimenes na min tis aresei idiaitera na ektithetai se tetoio bathmo
FAIR Damn, I really do not miss high school.
FAIR Doesn't take full advantage of the opportunity offered by a year-long glimpse into young lives. One is left to wonder what Errol Morris would have done with the challenge.
BAD ...has its heart in the right place, but I don't think it breaks any new ground exploring the teen years.
FAIR Presents a neat and compact overview of youth under pressure to conform, perform and mature.
GOOD Either one of the most intimate and revealing documentaries ever made about the trials and tribulations of being a teenager in America or a clever fraud.
FAIR Written and directed by Nanette Burstein, it's like an intricate and many-layered slice of reality television transferred to the big screen, by turns funny, sad, painful, embarrassing, crude and strangely moving.
FAIR Several remarkable sequences illustrate just how oblivious some teens can be to the fact they are being recorded.
GOOD A surprising film, and quite an impressive one.
FAIR American Teen does its job: It invites us into the lives of people we wouldn't ordinarily meet or, maybe, care about.
GOOD American Teen is one of the smartest, funniest, and downright entertaining movies you'll see all year.
GOOD We were on the edges of our seats, willing Jake not to ruin this moment with the girl, hoping Megan realizes her mistake, urging Hannah out of the car, cheering Colin's game, nurturing Mitch's discovery of just being yourself. It is a visceral ride throu
GOOD A doctored snapshot that nails the angst, hope and spirit of an emerging generation.
BAD Burstein's goal was to film an authentic senior year of high school. Instead she showed that it's almost an impossibility.
BAD See this film to relive those high school days that you have tried to forget. Or, just talk to your kids.
BAD It's diverting if you don't mind the pretense, or if you believe everything you see at the movies.
GOOD Meeting the demands of justice whilst filtering out the thirst for vengeance is no easy matter; here, the distinction is a matter of primacy.
GOOD Though its subject is specifically about the Nazis, this also says a lot about politics, law and the nature of pity.
BAD Hit and miss tribute to the great melancholist.
FAIR Cohen is clearly a songwriter's songwriter, and the resulting movie brims with an infectious passion for the man's melodies and sardonic wit. Unfortunately, the performances are interspersed with interview footage that is much less captivating.
FAIR It's not a deep documentary. We learn precious little about the real man underneath his sharp-dressed pose.
GOOD The fact is, any Leonard Cohen documentary automatically risks inelegance by contrast to its subject's artistic example. But here's the flip side of that coin: Cohen is so good that even an untimely, mediocre movie about him... resonate[s].
FAIR Cohen fans -- myself included -- will leave the film's interviews wanting more insight. Moviegoers unfamiliar with Cohen's long career will wonder why he warrants gushing testimonials from U2's Bono.
FAIR Despite the missteps during takeoff and landing, the film does prove to be an engaging and beguiling journey with a true original.
GOOD The proof of Cohen's genius is in the music, and Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man drives that genius home with virtually every stanza.
FAIR First-time filmmaker Lian Lunson has struck the mother lode here.
BAD Even if Cohen is your man, is this your movie? ... Despite Lunson's reverent efforts, I'm Your Man isn't The Last Waltz.
GOOD A moving tribute to this legendary artist's life and career.
FAIR I'm Your Man never quite gets its man in a coherent frame, but for all its zigs and zags outside the lines, the portrait of Cohen that emerges is a fascinating one.
FAIR An odd but enjoyable concoction of biography, music commentary and concert.
BAD Wouldn't $10 be more wisely spent on his greatest hits?
GOOD You know it has to be coming, but when it does, 'Suzanne' almost stops time with its prayerful beauty.
FAIR In the end, it's Cohen's songs that are what this loving musical portrait is all about.
BAD We hardly get to know Cohen from the biographical shorthand melded to a worshipful tribute show in which the Canadian singer-songwriter never even appears.
BAD A tribute concert with earnest but mostly average performances gussied up with fawning if passionate praise from admirers and occasional bits of self-deprecation from Cohen himself.
GOOD Whatever the approach, the songs are sturdy enough to support it while remaining resigned and elusive, their words practically glowing in the dark.
BAD It's an incompetent mess.
FAIR Entertaining, if lightly inquisitive, tribute concert film.
GOOD The performers capture the deep, heartfelt hum of Cohen's voice and deliver a haunting tribute to a poetic soul.
GOOD It tastefully serves the darkly searching sensitivity of a brave original.
FAIR As a movie subject, Cohen has proven equally electrifying and elusive.
FAIR You leave the theater in no doubt that he was born with the gift.
FAIR For those of us hard-wired since birth to sing the praises of this melancholy Montreal poet-musician, the film is a singular pleasure.
FAIR Cohen frequently isn't talking -- the subject too often goes missing from his own portrait.
GOOD The only thing that matters is the music, if that's bad, the film will suck and if it's great, well...that's what you pay your money for.
FAIR A well-meaning but ultimately unsatisfying film.
BAD Offering both too little material and too much, the movie leaves us in the bizarre position of understanding its subject no better by the end than we did at the beginning.
GOOD It's as much a reference documentary as it is an appreciation piece or inspirational experience...
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
FAIR It's foul and filthy but only occasionally funny.
FAIR Bad Grandpa's biggest, most eyebrow-rising surprise may very well be the fact that we actually grow to care about him and Billy by the final reel
BAD ...ultimately just another misguided effort from Knoxville and his band of pranksters.
FAIR Less violent and less mean-spirited than Jackass, Bad Grandpa is a funny little diversion and that's about it, but that's okay.
FAIR Lewd, crude, tasteless...It's when Irving dresses Billy up as a girl in a kids beauty pageant that things get crazy. It's one of those moments, folks, where the angels of good taste and decorum desert you and you find yourself laughing like an idiot.
FAIR You'll cough out some second-hand chuckles reliving the moment Irving Pic-ass-o'ed the wall.
GOOD Bad Grandpa is to Jackass what Borat is to Ali G. The gag is far less about Irving and his grandson; it's relishing in how they antagonise and perplex their unwilling support cast. It's juvenile, it's ridiculous but I laughed, a lot.
FAIR This really is a movie full of gags. And not entirely in a good way.
FAIR 'Bad Grandpa' made me laugh more than it didn't, but I still missed the antics by the rest of the 'Jackass' gang in this R-rated road trip.
FAIR I can't imagine anyone going into this film expecting Mrs. Doubtfire...
BAD There is something really unsettling and weird about this, and I'm not talking about when the kid does a hilariously wrong striptease to Warrant's Cherry Pie at a beauty pageant.
BAD As hit and miss as it can be cruel, but with an "odd couple" eight decades apart at its heart it's likely to hit a few sweet spots for eager consumers of Borat-influenced comedy.
FAIR After a time, the characters start to bond with one another and form a genuinely likeable team.
FAIR It's sporadically hilarious, with some inspired gags and deranged pranks, but for a Jackass movie, this is oddly gentle and sometimes even sentimental.
BAD To put an eight year old child in the middle of Jackass type gross antics is not entertaining.
FAIR I'm totally okay with Knoxville finding a way to be crazy without allowing large animals to run him over.
BAD The only reason I won't say that the film isn't as shocking as it thinks itself to be, is because it's not really very clear that it even thinks that it's shocking.
FAIR The results are the most inspired and refreshing series of gags in years from the group and a step in a direction ripe with further potential.
FAIR Be warned: Knoxville has a thing for body parts, and body functions, that you'll never, ever, see on America's Funniest Home Videos.
FAIR I laughed, cackled, and often felt completely embarrassed by doing so.
BAD Secondhand gags, third-rate execution, fourth-rate results.
BAD Another gleeful 'Jackass' gross-out...
FAIR If your expectations are in the right place, then this is a film that is endlessly amusing and often hilarious, but if you have a firm distaste for the raunchy or ridiculous, you may want to steer clear.
FAIR There's a lot of things in there that we really shouldn't laugh at, but we can't help it.
FAIR Thank goodness comedy still has the power to make us confront the stuff decorum tells us to avoid.
FAIR The story is thin but Bad Grandpa successfully freshens the Jackass format and will, without question, keep fans of the series laughing (and cringing) the entire time.
GOOD The pranks themselves, the incredibly deft execution and improvisation (by both Knoxville and his impressive child co-star), and most of all the reactions from the prankees make for some of the best laughs I've had in or out of a theater this year.
FAIR There's a reason candid camera stuff has been with us since we figured out how to hide cameras, and Knoxville's grinning rambunctiousness is enough to keep it far away from Just for Laughs Gags territory.
BAD A sometimes-funny-but-mostly-not mash-up of Borat, Weekend At Bernie's (a corpse along for the ride) and Bad Santa (an offensive old guy along with a kid).
BAD Some of the jokes are flat-out hilarious, but most are overworked or tepid.
BAD The trick to such humour involves persuading the audience to squirm and laugh at the same time. Grandpa triggers merely the squirming, and you can get that from a mild case of haemorrhoids.
FAIR Bad Grandpa has no goals whatsoever beyond making you snort with base, moronic glee, but when it scores, it scores.
FAIR When Knoxville's bad, he's very very bad. But when he's good, he's wicked.
BAD It's been 11 years since Jackass: The Movie, and three since Jackass 3D, although it feels a lot longer than that.
BAD Like the lime-green bingo dabber contents Irving drinks down to the horror of his seatmates, it's an acquired taste.
FAIR It's not really a movie. It's Johnny Knoxville and his Jackass crew faking out real people into believing he's 86-year-old Irving Zisman, an old fart bag traveling cross-country.
BAD The resulting tribute may be a puff piece, but it's also informative and often entertaining.
BAD The film's working premise -- that the first 21 years of an artist's career define his career -- is an artificial self-imposition. But Dunaway and Wood toss out that analytic structure from the start.
GOOD There are great clips and good insight, and it's all as loose and cool as an Austin night out.
BAD Every word spoken would feel right at home in an electronic press kit.
BAD 21 Years: Richard Linklater is a puff piece about the American indie film titan that lacks the insight and analysis necessary to make it a strong retrospective of a great artist.
BAD Of greatest damage to the doc's coherence is its wholehearted belief that its subjects are offering firsthand reports worth hearing.
GOOD So many astonishing and inspirational events take place that if The Heart Of The Game wasn't such a great documentary, it could have and should have been a box office hit drama.
FAIR A nice little documentary that proves that nice guys, and nice girls, don't always finish last.
FAIR It doesn't seem appropriate to call it luck, but somehow Mr. Serrill ends up with a story that would make any Hollywood sports movie proud.
GOOD Might best be thought of as a female version Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A true sports lover's delight.
BAD Boredom and irritation set in early with this shallow, parochial and blandly celebratory documentary about a US high-school girls' basketball team, of frankly limited interest to non-US audiences.
FAIR It's packed with left-field twists and turns and culminates in a genuinely nail-biting match where old rivalries come to a head. In the end, it's all you can do not to stand up and cheer.
BAD It shifts focus too often to hang together as an in-depth portrait of either the unconventional coach or his headstrong star player.
GOOD The result is nothin' but net.
FAIR Who needs faux melodramatic school sports stories when a real-life documentary like Heart of the Game shows it in living, breathing heart-wrenching color?
GOOD Emotional, uplifting, vexing and infuriating, it's the first basketball documentary worthy of being compared to 1994's Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A filmmaker of great patience, Serrill chronicled Resler's teams for several years, demonstrating that if one sticks to a subject long enough, powerful things will emerge.
GOOD An astounding drama that spans seven years, wrestling with issues of race, gender and class while capturing the struggles of competition with intelligence and intimacy.
FAIR The girls' theatrical ferocity, relative innocence and youthful earnestness is almost heartbreaking.
FAIR Few athletic films, factual or dramatized, have given so keen a sense of how a team builds and changes, and how acutely the grind and elation of a fast, complex sport can shape character and lives.
GOOD Occasionally thrilling, often challenging and consistently engaging ...
FAIR The film leaves screenwriting duties to the wildest and most creative of the lot: Fate and Chance.
GOOD Serrill is ... able to generate some genuine suspense, and the ensuing human drama -- most of it swirling around Russell, one of the few black students at the mostly white school -- is fascinating.
FAIR An exhausting and thoroughly entertaining tale of race, fair play, loyalty, pregnancy and the true spirit of amateur athletics.
FAIR Serrill touches on important issues ... but what his movie does best is capture the thrill of high-school sports and the offbeat personalities within the game.
FAIR Darnellia is an inspiring and engaging heroine, and her story speaks volumes about the marginalization of women's athletics.
GOOD Serrill, making his feature debut after numerous short promotional films, takes a story that is seemingly about one thing, and uses it to gently explore the bigger ideas of gender, race, class, cooperation, competition and what winning really means.
GOOD It's almost impossible to refrain from cheering as if you were right there in the stands.
GOOD Its squeak-and-sweat athleticism, its tough, bruised, big-hearted players and its electrifying championship countdowns should appeal to anyone who loves the game.
FAIR [The Roughriders] persevere, as did director Serrill, who took his time to find the real heart of this game.
GOOD Not a sports documentary but a being-human documentary.
GOOD One of the best documentaries I've seen this year.
GOOD An exhilarating story of loyalty and perseverance, The Heart of the Game succeeds as both inspiration and social commentary.
GOOD You'll be smiling and happy as you leave the The Heart of the Game, with a newfound respect for girls' basketball and those who play it.
FAIR The film is a mildly interesting work that, with judicious pruning, could have been so much more.
BAD It dribbles more often than it scores.
GOOD It is fun to watch, stimulating to experience and something you want to share with friends.
FAIR The pat inspirational formula is followed to a sweaty T, although it comes here with an inadvertent side effect -- more than a few nagging questions never get answered.
GOOD As far as "human interest" documentaries go, Double Dare is an absolute winner.
FAIR Double Dare remains an entertaining and informative look at a little-known struggle for equality and respect in a physically unforgiving but completely vital Hollywood discipline.
FAIR Just as stuntwomen have to do, Double Dare pulls its punches.
FAIR Castellitto, who has won his country's best-actor award twice before, has such a haunting look in his eyes that he doesn't need to chew the scenery to get across his point. Cruz doesn't speak much, but her face screams of the pain that Italia faces.
FAIR [A] fly-in-the-face-of-reality perseverance is the key to the appeal of both the women profiled in the documentary Double Dare.
FAIR It provides a frank portrait of women trying to make it in a traditionally male game.
FAIR Bell's energy and Epper's perseverance give Double Dare an unstoppable one-two punch.
FAIR Thin but pleasantly diverting.
FAIR Micheli has enormous respect for these resilient, underappreciated performers. And after spending 81 minutes with the engaging, generous Jeannie and Zoe, it's hard to imagine anyone feeling otherwise.
FAIR A genuine pleasure.
FAIR Shows the hardship that women -- especially older women -- must endure in a male-dominated business.
FAIR Entertaining documentary about stuntwomen who do risky business for a living.
GOOD Stunts are, quite naturally, the most explosive part of the film.
FAIR Exudes a pleasant, affectionate warmth for its characters.
FAIR fails to look deep into the industry, preferring to follow its two stars around and see what they get into
FAIR Micheli has a good eye for telling details and a strong empathy for the pressures women face in the industry.
GOOD Two stuntwomen, generations apart, reveal the humor and drama of their craft in this warm documentary.
GOOD They are movie stunt performers, and Double Dare tells the story of two who face all these obstacles and more, because they happen to be women in a traditionally male occupation.
FAIR With this documentary director Amanda Micheli follows the lives of two film stuntwomen. She covers their professional and personal lives and the profession.
FAIR ...a highly entertaining documentary...
GOOD An exciting, funny and ultimately touching documentary that gets us inside these women's lives to the point where we want to be there to catch them when they fall.
GOOD A wealth of inspiration this film is.
GOOD Absolutely riveting.
FAIR In the end, the movie gives a good name to these two Olympians, if not Olympians everywhere.
BAD The writing is humorous, if not especially daring. The editing, though, could be more crisp.
FAIR Simply goes on way too long, the good parts diluted by marginal material the same way anchovies'll ruin a perfectly good Meat Lover's Special.
GOOD ... one of the few films that can be predicted perfectly, but it?s so well crafted?and so damn exciting?that we just don?t care.
GOOD Nearly a quarter of a century down the line, a great film has been made greater.
GOOD When Scott was finished, he thought it was too long and that the added material threw the pacing off. Therefore, he cut his own Director's Cut. (Alien Quadrilogy)
GOOD fuller and scarier
GOOD Thrill again to how thoroughly conceived the whole thing is, how impeccably acted and genuine in its suspense.
GOOD Turns out not to be one of those movies that improves in the memory, but actually is better than you remember, mostly because it puts its multitude of imitators to shame.
GOOD What you will find is that the old mayhem is still masterful and that there is nothing like the big screen for this type of mortally wounded space exploration.
GOOD Alien still thrills because of Scott's relentless focus on terror.
GOOD It's scary, smart, well-acted and just as effective now as it was in 1979. Go see it.
GOOD The movie inspired three sequels and remains undeniably frightening. It also marks a significant step in the evolution of modern science-fiction films.
FAIR Even 25 years later Alien still can make us jump.
GOOD It's a most satisfying return to one of the few sci-fi films that deserves to be called a masterpiece.
FAIR (The director's cut) doesn't hold up as well as I'd anticipated, (but) the chest-bursting scene is still a seat-gripper.
GOOD The first is still the best.
GOOD A streamlined improvement on the original.
GOOD It's worth seeing Alien, which established Scott as an A-list director, in a theater because his brilliant and often expansive visuals have always worked better on a big screen than on video.
GOOD Alien is still a classic well worth a trip to the theater.
GOOD Twenty-four years later -- digitally spruced up, with some scenes shaved and others padded with previously cut material -- Scott's film still shreds nerves.
GOOD This 1979 horror-sci-fi masterpiece still holds up remarkably well on the big screen, a testament to the skill of director Ridley Scott, who was then working on his first film, and the acting by the talented ensemble cast.
GOOD It's still an enjoyable experience revisiting the Nostromo and getting reacquainted with its seven crew members.
FAIR Though some of Scott's editing decisions in this new version are questionable -- one even violates continuity -- he has left the film's most suspenseful and chilling moments intact.
GOOD Even if you've seen it a hundred times, Alien can still make you jump out of your seat.
GOOD A movie that can still give you the shakes, even though most of its surprises have long since passed into popular legend.
GOOD Looks more like a classic than ever.
FAIR The original has aged with surprising grace; despite the rise of digital video and home computers, this is still a convincing future.
FAIR Hopefully next time Balmes makes a documentary, he'll have more of a purpose in mind, because without it, he's simply not giving his audience any reason to care.
BAD If not falling head over heels for a film that is literally just 80 minutes of cute babies makes me a grump, so be it.
BAD On a scale of one to a hundred (one featuring no babies at all, and a hundred featuring all the babies in all of existence) this film could still only be classified as 'babies'.
GOOD Inaugura um novo genero: o do "filme-awwwwww".
FAIR It won't make a dent in the box office and it can hardly be considered essential viewing, but it's serene, unpretentious, and boasts more than enough cute moments to justify its existence. Parents, I imagine, will love it.
FAIR A simple idea, but very nicely done by French documentarian Thomas Balmes.
FAIR The intimate footage draws attention to the obvious contrasts between plenty and poverty.
FAIR Director Thomas Balmes has a hands-off and words-off style of direction. It's to be welcomed. We all know the sort of thing mums and dads say to babies, so subtitles would be extraneous.
GOOD The baby stars were given the go ahead to improvise every scene. The magic came in the editing suite (Raymond Bertrand, Craig McKay).
BAD ...an absolutely interminable piece of work that seems destined to send most viewers into protracted fits of daydreaming.
FAIR When forced to watch home movies %u2014 and this is simply a glorified home movie %u2014 most of us nod and smile and start checking our watches.
GOOD A beautiful and entirely embraceable bit of cinema, and a welcome break from the pablum normally served up at theaters this time of year.
FAIR Babies is one of the most human fly-on-the-wall docs I've ever come across.
BAD For the first part of the movie the cuteness of the babies is enough but after that the sameness of the film starts to sink in and the need for something else arises.
BAD I think babies are like fantasy football teams. I have my own, which I love, to the point of obsession. But I'm not nearly as interested in some complete stranger talking about his own for an hour and a half. Much less four of them.
BAD Once you get past the cute factor there is little left to enjoy.
GOOD It's a movie without a plot; a documentary without narration. It's a wonder about small wonders. 'Babies' is about four cultures of the world and how they raise their babies %u2013 the differences, the similarities, and, ultimately, the happiness involved
BAD Yes, I get it. Babies are cute. But this documentary runs about an hour long to prove that point.
GOOD ...a kind of narrative tone poem that ultimately works as a mildly chiding critique of helicopter mothers and parents who worship at the cult of the sacred baby.
FAIR Infants on the big screen are usually exploited as blasts of cuteness, comic relief, or wisecracking, diaper-clad versions of grownups. Thus, Babies is a welcome relief.
FAIR This observant, if simplistic, documentary makes pop human anthropology delightfully unpredictable, engaging and photogenic.
GOOD Enthralling - the audience cheers each exhilarating, step-by-step accomplishment.
FAIR Who needs heavy analysis when all you want is a cute fix?
FAIR Never overstays its welcome and manages to be curiously engaging, heartfelt, funny and amusing at times, but without much-needed insight, it leaves you feeling unenlightened and slightly underwhelmed.
GOOD There's no narrator telling us what we're looking at or what to think. The adults here speak different languages, but the film is such a tour de force of visual storytelling that subtitles are unnecessary.
GOOD It's familiar and engaging for anyone who's a parent, and should probably be required viewing for anyone who wants to be one.
GOOD Really, it's a nature documentary, except that the topic is human nature and the subjects are the only humans on the planet whose behaviour is unaffected by the camera.
FAIR Babies begins to gain telling traction as the small triumphs start to come faster toward the sixth-month mark. Things begin to look up once the infants begin to, well, look up.
GOOD Watch a baby for a while and chances are you'll be entertained. Multiply that times four and you have BabiesM/em>, a documentary as funny, charming and un-self-conscious as its subjects.
GOOD Might restore your faith in our perplexing, peculiar and stubbornly lovable species.
GOOD Worldy docu might challenge cultural ideas about parenting.
BAD With its fantastic images, which prompt us to grin in unison and nod in knowing recognition, this documentary is as soothing and edifying as watching a video loop of the Yuletide log.
GOOD Everyone tells you how to raise a kid -- this doc shows you how to feel like one.
BAD Doesn't feel likely to hold the average film viewer's attention, and makes Al Gore's "An Inconvenient Truth" seem like a summer action flick by comparison.
FAIR It appears afraid of alienating viewers by overloading on scientific jargon, and in the process becomes too attracted to ultimately superfluous anecdotes from her subjects.
GOOD Holy Rollers looks slick for a documentary, and despite utilizing the talking heads-style approach, it does so with an eye for interesting composition.
FAIR Whatever its virtues and flaws, "Fifi" performs the vital service of acquainting the world with an artist who deserves - despite his own dismissal of such notions - world recognition, if not immortality.
FAIR Farahani's direction is artfully suggestive but also, at moments, oblique; she seems to think that she's making a Godardian essay-film.
GOOD Brilliant, loving, and as intensely political as any of Mohassess' paintings or sculptures, Fifi Howls from Happiness celebrates connection as much as it reveals isolation, dedication alongside outrage.
FAIR An enlightening documentary chronicling the career of the Persian Picasso.
FAIR Though he does it with a grin, Mohassess rages against the dying of the light as well as many of the things the world presented him with during his life.
FAIR A documentary about an arrogant and weird Iranian artist living in exile in Rome.
GOOD The film rarely leaves the subject's Rome apartment, yet it never feels static.
FAIR Fifi's only major shortcoming is the visual indifference that hobbles many of Farahani's shots... but demanding she tighten up her editing feels like an inconsequential request in the face of a portrayal this thunderously personal.
GOOD Mitra Farahani rescues the doc from becoming a talking-head fest by embracing her creative self as a character and exposing the travails of her own authorship process.
FAIR Fifi Howls from Happiness avoids all of the typical problems that hurt documentaries about artists, but director Mitra Faharani doesn't quite manage to make it one of the best, either.
GOOD Fascinating.
FAIR Dad I not known that this was a documentary, I could have convinced myself that this was a Woody Allen comedy about a genius inventor of screwball machines.
GOOD A light-hearted and fun look at the life and achievements of the young superstar.
FAIR Something strictly for those stricken with Bieber Fever.
FAIR A fun, feelgood way to spend a couple of hours, and actually has an inspiring message of what might happen if you follow your dreams.
BAD Currently I am disinterested in his music, but once he ages and is forced to start expanding on his talents, I think we might see something interesting.
BAD ...the thing it documents best is how music producers and press agents market a product.
FAIR Though billed as a 3D film, it only applies to the concert footage, though it's difficult to imagine any of his fans complaining.
FAIR In spite of its airy brief as a panting PR puff piece, this engaging concert-doco takes a semi-revealing splash inside the fishbowl through which its subject sees the world.
FAIR If you are at all curious about Justin Bieber the phenomenon, Never Say Never is a fascinating, eye opening and eerily emotive film.
FAIR We are introduced to the alchemists who looked at a talented little kid, saw dollar signs, and turned him into pure gold. Somehow, director Jon Chu is able to make their success not seem exploitative.
BAD It's 50% concert film and 50% hagiographic promotional video and 0% documentary. But that doesn't mean it's not a reasonably interesting look at how the ridiculously busted music industry functions.
GOOD I have to admit I like him, enjoy his music and, more than that, I enjoyed watching his fans in 'Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.'
FAIR A blatant promotional and marketing tool, it's a curiously sanitized, if sycophantic documentary, examining the Bieber phenomenon from a bland, 'authorized' viewpoint.
FAIR Underneath the bubblegum exterior is a surprisingly engaging and entertaining look at a megastar created by the internet.
BAD In two years the swooning tweenies on screen and in the audience will feel embarrassed about their reactions; anybody else going should take ear plugs for the shrieky bits.
BAD Although this film has not exactly made me into a full-fledged Belieber, it has at least shown me the wisdom of never saying never.
BAD Grown-ups will still struggle not to picture a post-puberty sequel featuring DUIs and rehab trips.
FAIR Chu has called Never Say Never "the origin story of a hero". Which is cobblers, obviously. But the film did convince me that Bieber is a dramatic figure.
BAD If you're over 15 and semi-intelligent, you'll want your money back.
BAD There are few insights into his pressured existence and none into his creative process.
FAIR The encouraging aspect of this musical documentary is that it proves the 16-year-old Canadian does have the talent to go with his precocious self-confidence.
GOOD I walked into the cinema with the cynicism you'd expect from a grown man and then... something strange happened.
BAD I like Justin Bieber. There...I said it.
FAIR What makes the movie bearable - if you are not a fan because if you are you will obviously love every second of it, especially those moments when Justin's hand seems to come out from the screen and draw you in - is the fascination of his actual story.
FAIR He's the moppet from another planet: I defy anyone to watch this docu-lite promotional tour video about Justin Bieber's live show (back when he was 16) and not be sort of impressed, if only at an anthropological level.
FAIR Surprisingly engaging. Biased, but by no means a bad film.
FAIR Have we got the Bieber fever? We certainly don't have a rash from watching this film - more a warm glow of enlightenment.
FAIR Accompanying adults might be surprised by how cheesily enjoyable it is. They may suddenly feel rather old, though.
FAIR Director Chu keeps things moving briskly, even if the film is far too long. But the 3D is playfully deployed.
BAD Squeaky clean fun for the youngsters in the family. Everyone else hide.
GOOD Before seeing Justin Bieber: Never Say Never 3D, I honestly couldn't have cared whether Justin Bieber lived or got mown down by a lorry. But now, I'm unapologetically sold on the guy.
BAD Why Justin Beiber and not the thousands of others on the Internet doing basically the same thing?
FAIR Justin Bieber: Never Say Never has an engaging back-story that captures Bieber's meteoric rags-to-riches rise to stardom.
FAIR Gives an eye-opening account of the creepy mania that surrounds the star, while inadvertently hinting at the dependency of those around Bieber on their fresh-faced cash cow.
FAIR It's a decent pop spectacle: big songs, adorable backstage horseplay, and some genuinely surprising demonstrations of talent.
FAIR Nicely balances the live performances with the documentary footage, creating a movie that moves briskly while simultaneously explaining and showcasing its subject.
FAIR A surface look at the life and times of teen idol Justin Bieber. Fine for his adoring fans and adults will be entertained too.
GOOD A rousing documentary and the most hopeful political film of 2015 about the triumph of a small union.
FAIR It has a beautiful, low-key approach that earns its cheers and tears without resorting to the manipulative or dramatic tricks of a typical feature film.
GOOD How do you say Norma Rae in Spanish?
FAIR As it stands, The Hand That Feeds is an illuminating sidebar to the conversations around the U.S. economy and immigration reform.
FAIR ...the necessary record of a fight for the most basic sorts of human rights.
FAIR "Louder Than a Bomb" has a lot in common with such documentaries as "Spellbound" and "Mad Hot Ballroom": charismatic, if obsessed, kids and nail-biting suspense.
GOOD Think of it as "Glee'' without music. Without a net, too.
GOOD The kids whom Jacobs and Siskel have chosen for us to watch are so enthralling, with such remarkable life stories, that their autobiographical poems have actual power.
FAIR An emotionally-evocative poetry slam blasting the King's English to smithereens leaving Ebonics as the last language standing!
GOOD Having a bad day? Then get yourself to Greg Jacobs and Jon Siskel's life-affirming documentary, immediately.
FAIR [M]ore focus on showy slam than ...writing poetry. How the best performers-and the best young poets-dig down deep and polish their work, finally makes this a satisfying film.
FAIR The sheer breadth of talent is so astonishing, and the rhymes so clearly from the heart, that our spirits are inevitably lifted.
FAIR Who says poetry has to be dull?
FAIR The efforts to document the teams' creative processes aren't particularly successful - no camera can capture something that elusive - but the filmmakers do a fine job with the back stories of the featured poets.
FAIR The filmmakers showcase an art form diverse enough to include a panoply of styles and methods.
FAIR "Louder Than a Bomb" is a good reminder that students need a variety of opportunities to excel.
GOOD A documentary about the competition between inner city and suburban high school poetry teams to win Chicago's 'Louder Than A Bomb' teen poetry rave. The teens hone their rhyming skills and styles until they're nothing less than terrific.
GOOD What 2002's hit Spellbound did for spelling bees, this inspiring documentary does doubly well for high school spoken-word poetry slams.
FAIR Seeing the kids achieve catharsis and really come alive on stage captures poetry's power to connect people, both to each other and to themselves.
GOOD Siskel and Jacobs focus on the performances, which are inspiring and electrifying.
GOOD Instead of getting wrapped up in fads and jumping on bandwagon, Lomborg offers solutions to the problems facing the world.
FAIR That this documentary is solution-oriented rather than fear-oriented as so many recent ones...have been is itself a reason for touting it.
FAIR Controversial, but hopeful global warming documentary.
FAIR Fascinating, but no more cinematic than an episode of 'Nova.'
FAIR No matter what your environmental politics are, the American-made documentary film Cool It leaves the viewer troubled, yet hungry for more information and debate.
FAIR Jam-packed but never disorienting, Cool It will definitely get your head spinning.
FAIR Cool It resonates, and gives one pause not just to consider the merits of the global warming question, but to consider the merits of all that we've decided to do about it, impending doom notwithstanding.
FAIR Unfortunately, "Cool It," even with its better ideas, too often feels like just more talking.
FAIR [Bjorn] Lomborg is an affable and persuasive advocate ...
BAD It's merely fighting propaganda with more propaganda.
FAIR Lomborg might not interact with his detractors, but at least he finds time for monthly visits to his Alzheimer's-stricken mom.
FAIR Lomborg (with an assist from Timoner's straightforward, uncomplicated doc) is the voice of reason. Calm down, listen to what he has to offer, and then get to work. Apparently, it's not too late. Whew.
FAIR Blond, boyish and with an irrepressible faith in human adaptability, Mr. Lomborg is the anti-Gore.
BAD There are good, important ideas and ways of thinking being discussed in Cool It which makes its histrionic plea for its subject's sainthood so disquieting
FAIR In its own way, it's no less essential a look at where we go from here than was An Inconvenient Truth.
FAIR It can be a little hard to digest so many ideas, especially in such rapid succession. The movie is never boring, but there may be some information overload for laymen in the audience.
BAD The swift, sharply edited film effectively underscores Lomborg's arguments. He comes off as a modest, funny guy, but I'd also argue his modest arguments undercut the film.
GOOD It's been five years since Gore warned us that we only have 10 years to fix global warming -- hey, Al, my apartment is near the Hudson River. Wanna bet it's still above water in 2015?
FAIR Some of it sounds, quite frankly, nuts. And a few of Lomborg's enemies have said as much. But throwing tons of money at the problem with little result? That also sounds kind of crazy.
FAIR By bringing in a diverse group of big thinkers to take part in a very animated, sometimes agitated, discussion, the filmmaker has succeeded in bringing what could have been a very dry mountain of data, theories and experimental research to vibrant life.
FAIR It's hard, too, to shake the sense that Lomborg is promoting more than just a different perspective on climate debate. He's promoting his book -- and himself.
FAIR Good ideas on climate change nearly drowned out by personal politics
FAIR A wide-ranging, sometimes scattered new documentary that's positioned as a four-years-later answer to Al Gore's 2006 Oscar winner, "An Inconvenient Truth."
BAD It's soothing when a film suggests that there are neat, simple solutions to vastly complex problems. But it's probably wrong.
FAIR Cool It offers no new insights into the internecine debates in enviro-policy.
BAD A scattered narrative that occasionally feels like Grumpy Old Men: Science Edition.
FAIR On one level, this is one filmmaker thumbing her nose at another. Unfortunately, a lot of what was wrong with Guggenheim's movie is wrong with Timoner's.
FAIR For a viewer weary of doomsaying statistics and equally tired of the politicking marring a clear environmental imperative, the rebuttals offered in Cool It are frustrating and encouraging in equal measures.
FAIR Consider it food for thought, spiced with a pinch of cult-of-personality gospel.
BAD Fresh evidence of widening desertification and other calamities linked to climate change is ignored for a lengthy take-down of Gore's admittedly specious use of Katrina as the future face of hurricanes.
GOOD May not be the end-all be-all of global warming docs, although it does a fine job cutting through the rhetoric to ask questions and focus on facts rather than just trying to create fear in the viewer.
FAIR It cogently and persuasively lays out its obvious, and yet far-from-embraced, thesis.
FAIR Robert AA Lowe makes for an enigmatic talisman. But it would require a properly powerful incantation for Spell to translate into magic.
FAIR It is arresting in many ways and concerned to elucidate the experience of being on one's own. Is any other state possible?
FAIR As a rumination on existence, this never gets as deep or as insightful as it wants to.
FAIR For some this will feel like an arthouse endurance test, but it's shot with real beauty.
FAIR It's a film of contrasts - community and solitude, silence and primal noise, darkness and light - beautifully shot, wilfully slow and enjoyably baffling.
BAD The interpretation is less important than the trip.
GOOD Ben Rivers and Ben Russell's ethnographic exploration for a kind of profound utopian moment acquires its clearest, and most intimate, articulation in their long takes of Robert A.A. Lowe and other corpse-painted musicians.
FAIR Oddly not as good as the theatrical cut.
FAIR The film feels like a collision between a John Hughes teen comedy and a David Lynch freakfest.
GOOD Like Being John Malkovich and 2001: A Space Odyssey and too few others, this is one of those mind-melting cinematic achievements.
FAIR ...in the years since the film was made, the country and the world have become even more divided.... Maybe the movie is more meaningful today than ever.
GOOD The longer version ... packs more of a kick and has a grander, gloomier vision: It represents four weeks in the mind of a smart, anguished, lonely guy who doesn't think he's fit to live.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that creates friendships among its aficionados.
GOOD Richard Kelly's revamped version of his creepy, cool debut is neither a bold revelation nor a bland over-elaboration.
FAIR The die-hards will dig it, and those who skipped its initial run should greater enjoy their first trip through the cellar door of Donnie's universe.
GOOD A masterpiece of mood...Donnie Darko is made less obscure-for better or worse-in Kelly's expanded director's cut.
GOOD What remains unchanged is the realization of just what a superb actor Jake Gyllenhaal is.
GOOD A generous, compassionate, daring movie.
GOOD What the movie loses in pure emotional reaction it gains in fatalistic desperation.
GOOD ...may be the truest depiction on film of the troubled adolescent mind.
FAIR Alive, original and intriguing.
GOOD Demands to be explored, analyzed and debated, and consists of interlocking miniature mysteries and broad, rewarding strokes that emerge with increased familiarity.
GOOD In his quest to make Darko more accessible, Kelly might upset a few loyalists of the original, but there are still enough questions left to confound and enthrall audiences in Donnie Darko's reconfigured version.
GOOD The 2001 cut is my preference, but the 2004 changes have their select attributes. Both editions, indeed, are modern masterworks.
FAIR Kelly has restored scenes, added effects and clarified the story -- almost always to the detriment of the mesmerizing surrealist mystery that made the film such a masterpiece.
GOOD Not necessarily better, but just a different and equally impressive take on a great film.
GOOD A deliriously subtle exploration of storytelling possibilities, and a deliciously wry teen-pic to boot.
FAIR At 133 minutes, the film doesn't feel longer, just deeper and more richly textured.
FAIR Kelly's story of a brilliant, disturbed teen (Jake Gyllenhaal) drowning in the cultural morass of the 1980s now feels bloated.
GOOD Now that it has returned in a 20-minute longer -- and richer -- director's cut, it seems sure to be ranked as one of the key American films of the decade.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
FAIR An old/new non-sequel re-release to awaken audiences who initially zombied out on its originality.
GOOD A strikingly different film from the original: with a slower pace and a much less enigmatic tone.
GOOD It's ultimately Kelly's inventive storytelling and the myriad of complex themes he explores that capture one's imagination and, in this reviewer's case, re-ignite one's passion for the medium.
GOOD This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
FAIR For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
BAD "(A)beautifully animated but plot-thin kids film that borrows heavily in the story department from both the Land Before Time and Ice Age movies, as well as various Disney animated classics."
FAIR Walking with Dinosaurs 3D has gorgeous, meticulously detailed CGI, but also way too many stupid jokes about poop and puke.
BAD Basically Fox took a concept with wide appeal and reduced it to children's fare.
BAD I realize scientists can't prove dinosaurs didn't communicate telepathically, but I suspect the filmmakers' decision to go telepathic stems more from financial concerns than artistic or scientific ones.
BAD As I gazed, slack-jawed, at the fantastic visuals of wWalking With Dinosaurs,' I could not fathom how it came to be paired with the hideous, low-brow dialogue. And then I think I figured it out.
BAD The film should have been called Walking Very Slowly With Dinosaurs. And as well as being shown in 2D and 3D, the posters should have included that the film can also be seen in Zero D, which is the format you experience the film in when you fall asleep.
FAIR With no attempt at lip-synching, the detachment of the voices from the main characters is more supernatural than 3D.
BAD An educational show with the addition of a moronic plot and a lot of poop and flatulence gags.
BAD Unfortunately dopey, it's a nonsensical, mind-numbing disappointment.
FAIR Pop-up infomercials introducing each new character remind us that there's an educational remit lurking somewhere in the background, but the primary thrust is light, breezy and a little bit bitey.
BAD My dream has always been to "Walk with Dinosaurs", but if they're this shallow and annoying, I'll just stick with looking at their skeletons.
BAD Sure, it's aimed at kids, but as much as they all love dinosaurs...subjecting them to a film this annoying won't do anything but dampen that enthusiasm.
BAD Hey kids. Do you want to have fun and learn at the same time? Do you? Do you? Of course you don't.
FAIR Directors Neil Nightingale and Barry Cook have created a gorgeous visual feast, with computer animation that is superimposed on real-life settings, giving Walking with Dinosaurs a unique look of reality.
FAIR Kids crazy about dinosaurs -- find me one who isn't -- will love this one.
BAD like trying to enjoy a nature video in a room of talkers who think they're much more funny than they really are
FAIR Thrilling, semi-educational CGI movie with a few scary bits.
BAD Walking with Dinosaurs unfolds like a decent 3D documentary screened at a museum theater - which ultimately makes it a C-grade theatrical feature.
FAIR Ignore the chit-chat ... and the CG critters wow.
BAD The filmmakers make a serious mistake by aiming this educational epic at very young children, because they've undermined the considerable skill and artistry that have gone into making it.
BAD A film that is not so much bad-although it is quite bad-as it is utterly inexplicable.
FAIR Walking With Dinosaurs is too good a visual treat to miss, especially if you catch the 3-D version. But don't expect to enjoy the predictable, paper-thin story.
BAD You could write "Walking With Dinosaurs'' off as harmless filler for the under-5 set, except that the only female dinosaur, Juniper, exists solely to moon over Patchi, who as a hatchling lost part of an ear to a winged predator.
BAD [T]he battle between the movie's educational and story-time modes is arduous.
BAD The animation department deserved a better story and script than this.
BAD Man! And I thought GROWN UPS 2 was bad! WALKING WITH DINOSAURS is an absolute chore to sit through. Do not waste your time and money on this during the holiday season.
BAD It gets this critic's traditional back of the hand for this kind of kid's movie: parents should flip a coin... and the loser has to take them.
BAD If you're a fan of the 1999 BBC documentary series Walking with Dinosaurs and are hoping for more of the same, get ready for an Apatosaurus-sized level of disappointment from Walking with Dinosaurs 3D.
BAD The photo-realistic look is striking, but the dialogue is occasionally wince-inducing. Think a sub-par Flintstones episode.
BAD However well-intentioned the movie may be, it spills over with flat cutesy humor, making a slog out of an experience that should be filled with wonder.
BAD Aesthetic attention to detail, even when it's painstaking, goes only so far when the content is mediocre.
FAIR Pretty silly - but reliable machine-tooled family fare for the holidays.
BAD like taking a tour of the Grand Tetons with the cast of Family Guy making fart jokes the whole time
BAD It's a lucky thing "Walking With Dinosaurs" makes good use of fine songs by Lord Huron and Fleetwood Mac to distract us because that story is about as fresh as a pterodactyl fossil.
FAIR The good intentions are fossilized under the cutesy poop.
BAD Walking With Dinosaurs: The Movie boasts some impressive special effects but is ultimately let down by a terrible script, a dull story and a poorly conceived American voice dub that is extremely grating.
GOOD This offers Strummer fans unlimited access to the man behind the legend. Though it really is for fans - who should run and buy it.
GOOD Julien Temple's film is an energizing work of art, a visually striking and inspiring look at a band that never 'sold out' and the leader who saw to it that they didn't.
FAIR Miracle of miracles, a valuable portrait of Strummer manages to emerge from the chaos, helped by the film's one consistent thread: tapes of a BBC World Service radio show he hosted in his final years.
FAIR [Director Julien Temple] stops short of hagiography, while exhaustively positing Strummer as one of the most important cultural figures of the 20th century.
FAIR Temple, who chronicled the Sex Pistols...offers the full, sometimes bloated, context of Strummer's life through the testimony of his many friends and collaborators.
GOOD Temple gets at the heart of Strummer's character, at the unbridled joy that existed within his righteous anger, the satisfaction of knowing he was on the right side of history and hadn't had to sell any part of himself to get there.
GOOD Temple's film is a fittingly conscientious and absorbing tribute to his complex, contradictory personality.
GOOD A beautiful, evocative collage composed of concert footage, photographs, interviews and film clips, as well as interviews with people who knew him, the film is a rigorously thorough biography and an impassioned accolade.
FAIR Compelling viewing, even for people who don't care a bit for the punk scene.
FAIR One of the most compelling documentary portraits of a musician yet made.
FAIR 'Should you stay or should you go' really is the ultimate question.
FAIR By the end of Temple's rather long film, that is the person who emerges: a man no longer interested in changing the universe song by song but devoted to enriching his own corner of the world.
BAD Indulgent celebrity interviews..., repetitive details from Strummer's friends, and rapid-fire editing of found footage that sometimes matches the music but often just clouds the narrative.
FAIR Those who loved the Clash or Strummer will be enthralled throughout.
FAIR A remarkably well-detailed doc that proves 'Rock The Casbah' is not just that song from the cell phone commercials.
GOOD Temple's film offers a rich, detailed portrait of a commanding but idealistic Strummer against the backdrop of the do-it-yourself punk ethos of the late '70s.
FAIR The Future Is Written is a loving testimonial to one of rock's true originals.
FAIR The Future Is Unwritten does an ample job of capturing the many facets of Strummer, who was simultaneously self-effacing and and heroic, devoted and calculating, sensitive and brazen.
GOOD Julian Temple has done cinematic justice to the punk humanist born John Graham Mellor.
GOOD Suffused with clear-eyed affection for its subject and times, this is not your little brother's punk documentary.
FAIR It's a great story arc, and this alone makes the movie worth seeing, but Temple's filmmaking may frustrate more than it enlightens.
FAIR The singer's life is compressed into a two-hour montage of interviews, vintage video snippets and artsy filigree in Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten.
FAIR Leaves behind a surprising afterglow and allows you to appreciate Joe Strummer's warmth.
BAD Little sense of the band's import or power is ever communicated. Instead, Temple devotes the entire second hour of the film to Strummer's uninteresting post-Clash career.
FAIR [Director Temple's] documentary can be quite clear-eyed, especially when exploring Strummer's lesser-known years before and after The Clash. As Strummer attempts to define and redefine himself, he seems human but still heroic.
FAIR The movie fascinates not so much because of Strummer, whose brooding temperament and flash-and-burn career arc seems pretty routine by rock standards, but because of the way Temple organized and edited the film.
FAIR A great gift for those longing to revisit the groovy times of a punk rock past.
BAD An attempt at a tribute to a great man. Strummer doesn't need it.
GOOD a loving filmic portrait
FAIR [Julien Temple's] insider's point of view both helps and hurts the film.
GOOD Anyone who's ever been a fan of the Clash or Strummer's music should be fascinated by this comprehensive look at his eccentric life.
FAIR I've never cared for Joe Strummer and The Clash, but Julien Temple's Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten is, for the most part, some sort of incredible.
GOOD What do developing countries need? Trade, not aid, this provocative documentary argues.
GOOD Miyazaki dispenses endlessly quotable observations. For example: 'Filmmaking only brings suffering... How do we know movies are even worthwhile? If you really think about it, is this not just some grand hobby?'
FAIR Like Ghibli's features, Kingdom is a friendly, elegiac, approachable movie. But it lacks the studio's well-polished sense of energy and commitment.
FAIR Go behind the scenes at Studio Ghibli, see Miyazaki at work.
BAD Sunada-san's privileged access doesn't uncover enough serendipitous magic or compelling drama to justify the two-hour runtime.
FAIR If you're not enraptured with the work of Hayao Miyazaki, Isao Takahata and the rest of the artists at Ghibli, it may not be precisely what you're looking for, but Sanada captures something poetic about art and creativity ...
GOOD This seemingly ordinary biographical documentary about the retiring animation master unfolds, at a deceptively gentle pace, into a work of immense beauty.
FAIR The documentary is hesitant to show the great work that resulted from Hayao Miyazaki's "grand hobby," never including clips from the classics referred to throughout.
FAIR A long and revealing -- but not quite revealing enough -- look inside Studio Ghibli and the animation master who made it -- Hayao Miyazaki
GOOD Future generations may be as grateful for its footage of Hayao Miyazaki sketching as we now are of early Beatles Super 8 films.
BAD Miyazaki pours himself fully into his art, and it is both pleasure and privilege to watch it happen.
FAIR ...depicts a fiercely talented performer who has created...a temple to his own cult. While the resulting spectacle may be distasteful in its egotism and indulgence, there's no doubting the drive and devotion of a man for whom the world truly is a stage.
FAIR The movie is pretty standard behind-the-scenes fare most of the time, but kudos to O'Brien for allowing the filmmakers to portray him in a light that's not always flattering.
FAIR An alternately revealing and concealing vanity project that gives O'Brien a chance to vent his anger, ventilate his underlings (with his rapier wit) and play rock star alongside such celebrity enablers as Eddie Vedder and Jack White.
GOOD It's hard to feel sorry for a guy who banked millions for not hosting "The Tonight Show" anymore, but it's also fascinating to see a man this compulsively driven to get back in front of people and tell jokes, to hear the laughter, to soak in the applause.
GOOD ...a compact, compelling study of the classic manic comic personality in full overdrive.
FAIR It's (the) insight and honesty that elevates the film, transforming it into an inspiring -- if a shade or two less than truly intimate -- portrait of an immensely likable man
FAIR For the most part, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop plays like a fairly typical tour documentary...
FAIR Some of the concert footage and backstage banter with the writers is extremely funny, but the funny is in shorter supply than you'd expect.
BAD While a lot of geography is covered, as a concert film, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop is decidedly thin entertainment.
GOOD The shows themselves are tremendous fun, and Flender crams so much backstage detail into the doc that we're swept up in the whirlwind of manic action along with everyone else.
FAIR It's ... entertaining, not to mention revealing about the emotional toll exacted upon people who, in O'Brien's words, "feed their bone marrow to the wood chipper that is television."
FAIR An entertaining documentary that captures a singular performer at a singular moment in his long career.
FAIR Members of Team Coco &#65279;will eat it up. But even those on Team Jay (Leno) can't deny that the film is a fascinating look at one of TV's most creative personalities.
FAIR Surprisingly, and sadly, this documentary about the titular comedian's comedy tour doesn't contain much comedy. Though it is an intriguing portrait of a very talented workaholic.
FAIR Just as he promised, amazing things happen.
FAIR The movie illustrates its title, showing O'Brien as a driven performer who can't stop trying to entertain.
BAD Meta-irony can get a guy who's still grinding an ax only so far.
FAIR O'Brien admits he ended this moment in his life knowing himself a little better. We feel the same way.
FAIR Partly about the making of the stage show and partly about the anger and compulsion underlying the making of it, the movie is often very funny. And when it's not, it's revelatory.
FAIR O'Brien is a compelling guy. The film probably pulls some punches, but it feels like a candid portrait.
FAIR It's a chance to hang out with one of the funniest men alive for an hour and a half. That's really all the movie is, which is fine by me.
BAD It's nice to know that the son of a lawyer and a microbiologist can get into Harvard and make something of himself.
FAIR A serviceable behind-the-scenes tour documentary with about as much insight as a talk-show monologue.
BAD Full of unenlightening snippets and blithe but banal asides, what the movie is missing is edge.
BAD Conan O'Brien Can't Stop serves as a fine character reference, but, in overlooking the controversy and much of the actual show, it downplays its subject as well.
FAIR The film, like the tour, will satisfy the Conan cravings of hardcore fans the most, and prove an enjoyable enough diversion for the rest.
FAIR Seeing his life from the inside, the impulse to judge him fades. You would not want to trade places.
FAIR [O'Brien] may not be the most fun to hang around, but you may not find a more honest showbiz documentary anytime soon.
FAIR The documentary makes the case that O'Brien is too passionate, too complex, too driven to simply snap out of it.
FAIR If "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop" is consistently watchable, it isn't especially funny, nor does it give any deeper insight into its star than you might get from seeing his late-night shows.
FAIR Substantially more than a vanity project if less than a three-dimensional portrait of the human stick figure with the shock of orangey hair.
BAD Can't stop what... complaining?
FAIR There are solid laughs and meta-laughs to be had in "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop,'' but the movie is most worthwhile as a portrait of a celebrity in mid-hissy fit. A creative, self-aware hissy fit, but still.
FAIR What we are seeing is a man determined to vindicate himself after a public humiliation. People attend his shows, cheer him, like him. That proves something, doesn't it?
FAIR The more invested you are in Team Coco, the more you'll enjoy this look into a distinctly heightened period in the life of a celebrity.
GOOD Captures in entertaining and sometimes excruciating detail the trauma that live performers willingly put themselves through, partly to entertain us but also to fuel some drive in themselves.
GOOD Gondry brings a caught-on-the-fly style to the footage that nonetheless coheres into something that feels planned, or pre-ordained.
GOOD Easily overshadowed by the musical performers, particularly The Fugees, reunited to deliver a most-moving rendition of Killing Me Softly, it is easy to understand why Dave withdrew into his shell, after watching his lame stand-up act here.
GOOD A concert film for people who don't like concert films, Dave Chappelle's Block Party does such a good job of putting you in the middle of the action that only the end credits can remind you that you're sitting in a movie theatre.
GOOD Yes, there's a little preachiness here, but it doesn't puncture the party mood. Or stop Chappelle telling dirty jokes about prostitutes, for that matter. Thanks to him this isn't just a musical feast, but a rib-busting comedy too.
FAIR As a comedy, it doesn't quite gel. As a musical it doesn't have much more luck, but as a showcase for Chappelle's talents, Block Party works just fine.
FAIR The atmosphere is genuinely infectious - the fact that the event is packed, despite pouring rain, speaks volumes.
BAD It looks like run-of-the-mill party videos shot by a drunk.
FAIR Dave Chappelle's Block Party parvient a capturer l'esprit de fete, autant celui de la mise en %u0153uvre que de l'evenement lui-meme, avec une efficacite a toute epreuve.
GOOD Gondry doesn't seriously push the visual envelope; all he's doing is assembling a souvenir, an almost great document of a party most of us missed.
FAIR Chappelle frequently fades to the sideline as the musical groups take over, offering a blisteringly memorable snapshot of hip hop's state of the art in 2004.
GOOD No, it's not Shakespeare, it's not Citizen Kane, but when a movie is this funny, addictive, affectionate, energetic, uplifting and aware of the world and its people and their hearts, it is just as much a triumph.
GOOD LIke Wattstax and Festival Express before it, Chappelle and Gondry's movie makes you feel as though you're at a party when, in fact, you're just sitting in a darkened theater.
GOOD This is effectively an inner-city Woodstock -- only funny.
GOOD A movie with good humor, good music and a positive message that isn't a complete embarrassment to watch.
FAIR a slamming concert telecast that ... proves how raw hip-hop music can translate to film without missing a beat.
FAIR Chappelle will NOT be following Drawn Together
FAIR This movie looks thrown together, kind of like the block party that serves as its focus. And it has all of the appeal of a spontaneous gathering of friends who, in this case, happen to be some of the biggest names in in music.
FAIR the party of the year thanks to some amazing music and a very funny, very likeable host
FAIR The theme of racial self-empowerment runs throughout Dave Chappelle's Block Party. I don't think the comedian just wanted to organize a concert. I think he wanted to encourage positivity.
GOOD Block Party is entertaining from start to finish... you'll walk out of this film with a smile on your face and a few tunes stuck in your head.
GOOD ...the gritty funnyman (Chappelle) invites us all to his specialized big event where the conscientious laughter and lyrics are symbolically joined at the soulful hip.
BAD This could have been better, but I'm not sure how.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of that first beautiful day of spring ... when you can take off your coat and go to the park, bob your head with the radios playing to the open, sweet-scented air and watch the pretty girls walk by.
FAIR Chappelle invents a few routines involving the backing band that had me wiping away hysterical tears.
FAIR A return to rowdy form.
FAIR Block Party itself doesn't kill, exactly, but its charms are enough to disarm.
FAIR A gift to both Chappelle and hip-hop fans.
FAIR No one enjoys the free festivities more than Chappelle, who wanders through the film like a kid on Christmas morning. A very funny kid.
FAIR Those who denounce rap as nothing but profanity-laden chants about living like a pimp and treating women like garbage will be surprised by the strong political messages that pepper the concert.
FAIR Chappelle's talent and the characters in the movie give it a universal appeal, even to those unfamiliar with hip-hop.
FAIR It's intermittently funny, but it peaks too soon and runs far too long. And for all its length, Block Party doesn't tell us much about Chappelle that we haven't seen before.
GOOD Block Party makes for a transcendent experience.
FAIR The music is angry and the jokes are raw but, ultimately, Block Party conveys a positive message to audiences. Instead of competition, we see collaboration between the artists and unity in the diverse crowd.
BAD Strictly for fans of the musical acts and those who think everything Chappelle does is genius.
FAIR There's an intimate, just-throwing-a-party feel to the whole bash, thanks to Chappelle's pretension-puncturing humor and the sense that, whatever their issues or accomplishments, the artists are there mainly to share some love with their fans.
FAIR By cutting away from the music just as things start cooking, what could have been a great rockumentary becomes too much of a Chappelle celebration.
FAIR Two years after going AWOL from his hit Comedy Central show, Dave Chappelle makes a tentative foray back into the limelight with a good old-fashioned concert film that, surprisingly, features very little of Chappelle himself.
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
GOOD But perhaps the most compelling mystery of all: Why-except for a meagre attempt at selling her landscapes for postcards in Europe-did she never 'push' her art into the world?
GOOD An absorbing, fascinating and ethically complex film that questions whether an artist's personal life should be open for exploration.
GOOD The filmmakers have done a grand job of tracking down everyone who crossed paths with Maier, and their stories piece together a compelling portrait of a unique and vital talent.
FAIR Absolutely fascinating doco about the secret life of Vivian Maier, a plain-looking Chicago nanny who secretly took hundreds of thousands of street photographs during her life without telling or showing anyone.
FAIR This is a film that starts out being about an unknown artist and ends up being about something more complex and challenging: a person.
GOOD Driven by a genuinely consuming curiosity, taking delight in excavating hitherto unavailable information about a creative enigma whom, perhaps, would rather remain that way.
FAIR Maier's life tells us one thing: great photographers always show themselves in their work, even if they never show their work.
BAD Whether or not you can justify viewing Maier's work without her consent, it's pretty clearly not okay to rummage through her personal life just to satisfy a tawdry curiosity.
GOOD Filled with wonderful examples of her art, alongside interviews with her former employers and the now-grown children once in her charge, the movie is a testimony to the value of Maier's work and to the unending strangeness of human personality.
FAIR A fascinating story which continues to raise more questions than it answers.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is a tantalising and utterly fascinating film but one which can't ever quite explain the mystery of Maier.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is not without its frustrations. And that, we suspect, is exactly what she would have wanted.
GOOD A strangely haunting tale of a life quietly slipping away unnoticed.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is one of those fascinating documentaries that unearths an unknown artist and in a slow reveal creates a tantalising and ambiguous picture of the "missing" person.
GOOD This is a fascinating study.
FAIR An intriguing look at a lost voice.
BAD Downbeat and inconclusive, but likeable all the same.
GOOD The life intrigues; the art endures.
FAIR The film leaves some uncomfortable questions about the ethics of posthumous fame.
GOOD Something like a cross between Stories We Tell... and Frank... Finding Vivian Maier is an exquisite portrait of an almost-lost icon.
GOOD That Maier turned out to be a mystery woman who went to great lengths to conceal the details of her life only further motivated Maloof, and what he found makes for riveting viewing.
FAIR If only Maloof and Siskel had focused less on gossipy psychological guesswork, and more on Maier's art, this could've been a documentary worthy of its towering subject.
GOOD One of the first great documentaries of the year.
GOOD ...a highly enjoyable film, but there's a voyeuristic edge to it that bothers me.
FAIR Who doesn't love a story about an undiscovered genius?
FAIR A portrait of an American artist hiding in plain sight, a mystery with too few clues, and a sincere inquiry into how best to divine the wishes of the dead.
FAIR This must-see but ultimately problematic film offers a portrait of a truly rare figure: a modern master who escapes obscurity by chance, while also being guilty of mythmaking.
FAIR If nothing else, "Finding Vivian Maier" urges us not to hide our own lights under a bushel.
GOOD There are no easy answers here which is what makes 'Finding Vivian Maier' such a compelling film.
FAIR A film that leaves a large part of its subject's mystery gratifyingly intact.
GOOD Takes form as both an unfolding mystery and a portrait of an artist's mind (often a terrifying and fascinating place).
GOOD The holes in the story are papered over with such beautiful photographs that few viewers could complain.
FAIR Finding Vivian Maier is an intriguing study of Vivian Maier -- a woman who was part artist and part dumpster diver.
FAIR Maier had that unique ability to capture, in an image, an entire world, one that takes far more than a thousand words to tell.
FAIR This is an amazing tale, and Maloof has labored mightily to flesh it out. He's almost as odd as Maier was.
GOOD While not as mind-blowing or surprising as "Killing," "The Look of Silence" is perhaps the more necessary film.
GOOD Not quite as revolutionary as "The Act of Killing," but essential nonetheless
GOOD A young Indonesian optician's quest to learn who killed his older brother and why during a purge of some one-million Communists in the country.
FAIR It's the seeming normality that imbues the film with its power.
GOOD A B-side to The Act of Killing but no mere Blue in the Face afterthought.
FAIR Seabirds shine in leisurely-paced, educational documentary.
BAD With Pelican Dreams, Irving again delivers personal observations about curious creatures in a manner that's part nature doc and part meditative exploration. The result is as mixed as the process.
FAIR The film is basically 80 minutes of bird-watching, but Irving has a knack for storytelling that makes the time, like those birds, fly away effortlessly.
FAIR It's a nature film with a very personal entry point. Two, really. The fate of these birds, which, the film tells us, could live into their 40s, becomes as engrossing as many a human drama.
FAIR Irving is slow and deliberate in showing the birds, and her personal narration makes it clear she finds pelicans just about the most fascinating creatures on earth.
GOOD Stunning, informative and captivating. You'll have a much deeper understanding of and passion for pelicans.
FAIR The film is spare, empathic, and deeply introspective, and its imagery, such as a pelican fascinated by its own reflection, is so sublime in its kookiness as to be worthy of Werner Herzog.
FAIR Cherishing the beauty of an injured pelican and her journey back to the wild.
FAIR Their prospects seem more nightmarish than dreamy, but Irving's gentle narrative is also an ode to their grace and almost alien beauty.
FAIR It is not as focused as WILD PARROTS and it certainly is not one of the technological wonders that cutting edge nature films have become.
FAIR A wealth of feeling is the hallmark of Irving's documentaries: feeling, self-questioning, a clarity of intention that reminds one of Agnes Varda.
FAIR This threatens to get precious at times, but Morro is a great character, and for the most part, the film is animal friendly and environmentally serious.
GOOD Brings on a variety of eloquent voices from both the fanbase and the gods of metal themselves.
FAIR The metal scene emerges throughout the documentary as the recruitment center of an army of misfits, where the outcasts of the world can seek each other out based on their love of the angsty, eardrum-destroying tunes their parents warned them about.
FAIR Enjoyable whether you're a fan of the music or not.
FAIR A documentary that preaches to the converted if ever there was one, but Dunn's enthusiasm for the subject and the range of pretension and humour of his interviewees makes for fun viewing.
GOOD A film that manages to be intelligent without being boring, making it one of the better music documentaries in recent memory.
FAIR This documentary about one of the most loathed, lampooned and beloved music genres isn't the kind of film to rock your world, though it may well inspire laughter.
GOOD It'll make you want to dig out your Whitesnake T-shirt. It might even convince Tipper Gore that heavy metal thunder is all in good fun.
FAIR The movie is woefully short on concert footage, which could have shown us the power of metal instead of just telling us.
FAIR You might not go out and buy the latest Slipknot album after seeing it, but you will understand why some disenfranchised kid would.
BAD A lightweight fanboy valentine for ostensibly heavyweight music.
FAIR Full of splendid social and psychological insights.
FAIR Interviews with metal practitioners such as Tony Iommi, Alice Cooper, Rob Zombie and Dee Snider, journalists and academic types paint a compelling portrait of a vibrant society of outsiders.
FAIR The film is packed with hilarious, often poignant interviews with metal luminaries.
GOOD There's so much information and so many finely honed arguments in this ultimately joyous film that it's liable to send audiences scurrying home to their computers to download the bands they've just heard.
FAIR It's all jolly good fun captured with proficiency, professionalism and the keen sense of someone who truly wants outsiders to understand what makes a dyed-in-the-wool headbanger so passionate about his music of choice.
GOOD Dunn effortlessly smashes the cliche of metal-bands-as-Neanderthal-lunkheads.
FAIR The idea of looking at the music from the perspective of a fan, and plugging it full of interviews with rock idols, is clearly a winner.
FAIR Much-maligned heavy metal gets a much-needed boost in Canadian filmmaker/longtime headbanger Sam Dunn's entertaining and informative documentary.
FAIR It's a fascinating and anecdotally rich journey.
FAIR ...an engaging, entertaining little documentary...
GOOD "Bombay Beach" is an oasis of creativity in the documentary landscape.
BAD Off the deep end of poverty porn, there seems little good to be had from this gritty tour of a destitute corner of America.
GOOD Director Alma Har'el has fused the small-town documentary with a music video sensibility to create something breathtakingly original and genuinely beautiful.
GOOD Drifts in and out of reality and leaves your head somewhere in between.
GOOD While candidly exploring the hard lives of the characters and their families, the film earns an extra star from some inspired moments of magical realism, with one scene involving a child, a fire engine and a Bob Dylan tune that'll make your spine tingle.
GOOD It's a rich slice of Americana, and there's a great soundtrack from musicians including Bob Dylan.
GOOD This startling documentary explores a part of America few even want to admit exists: a place designed as a paradise that has instead become an almost apocalyptic wasteland populated by people who have fallen out of society.
GOOD The story tells itself, making plenty of room for an artistic flair and injection of sound that elevate the film from a simple documentary to an artistic exploration.
GOOD Har'el's film is at times bizarrely uplifting, at others crushingly sad...
GOOD The fact that Alma Har'el is still stuck in music video director mode makes for an interesting new breed of documentary.
GOOD Quirky, moving and unique, it's a haunting bedside view of the place the American Dream went to die.
BAD [T]he moody film is a compassionate portrait, [but] wanders around the mostly downtrodden too much, even with brief flashes of optimism.
FAIR More lyrical tone poem than straightforward documentary.
GOOD Looks and feels like a fever dream about an alternate universe. Suffused with a sense of wonder, it hovers, dancing inside its own ethereal bubble.
FAIR Gorgeous and disquieting, the documentary Bombay Beach wobbles between the two like a beginner gymnast on her first attempt on the balance beam.
BAD Har'el still seems tied too tightly to her work as a music video director
GOOD The surealist edge seems oddly fitting for a place so fundamentally weird as the Salton Sea, but also lends the film an elegiac and dreamy quality.
BAD The film neither buries nor praises its subjects. It's too busy using them as props.
BAD Rather than bringing out the symbolic inner lives of the characters, these sequences seem like the intrusion of an aggressive authorial personality on a film whose subject demands that the filmmaker simply sit back and observe.
GOOD Set within the surrealistic surroundings of remote and rundown Bombay Bay, with its stunning and timeless landscape of desert blight, these characters and their odd behavior are unfailingly fascinating fare for a verite filmmaker.
GOOD A wonderfully unconventional portrait ... part MTV, part PBS and altogether remarkably fresh.
GOOD Prequel is a gem, but more intense than series.
FAIR Engaging pedal through British cycling from its origins to the current popularity of figureheads such as Sir Chris Hoy, with contributions from bike designers, historians and sports stars.
GOOD A wonderfully humorous take on a seldom-broached subject.
GOOD An extraordinary documentary about the friendship between two activist elders in a Los Angeles retirement community for political progressives.
GOOD Irja is as sharp as a tack and Lucille has a wickedly dry wit; spending 75 minutes in their excellent company is a rare privilege.
FAIR Gabbert expertly delivers a far more powerful message with honesty, humor and palpable respect.
GOOD Laura Gabbert's deeply affecting documentary profiles a pair of extraordinary women who live in a 'nonprofit retirement home for free-thinking elders.'
FAIR Besides being funny about themselves and their contemporaries, the women provide a window on the social evolution of the United States over the past century.
GOOD Utterly unsentimental, deeply moving.
GOOD Sunset Story offers a touching look at the residents of a special retirement home in Los Angeles.
GOOD A wonderful documentary by Laura Gabbert that may make you laugh and cry -- and may change your mind about age and aging.
GOOD Despite -- or, perhaps, because of -- his cult status, Sheldon makes a compelling centerpiece for the lively, nostalgic documentary Trying to Get Good: The Jazz Odyssey of Jack Sheldon.
GOOD Riveting and transfixing. Most likely the closest you'll ever come to meeting a shepherd and grasping what it's like to be one.
FAIR What little we learn of Pascal, who has worked in Switzerland as a shepherd for more than 30 years, and Carole, who is a former dietitian, fits in a scene or two, but their practical journey yields a certain contemplative equanimity.
GOOD An exhilarating verite work by first-timer Manuel von Sturler, the documentary follows this seasonal migration, or transhumance, with a sense of quiet awe and intimacy, capturing the feel of cold rain, deep snow and the comforting heat of a campfire.
FAIR [Not] just the biography of a remarkable man, but a revealing meditation on the relationship between spirituality and art.
FAIR Monk With a Camera suggests that this conflict can be more expansive, that art and communication, ego and compassion might shape all kinds of lives.
GOOD The life and work of a Western abbot in a Tibetan monastery in India who serves as a bridge-builder.
FAIR An engrossing documentary about a privileged young American who leaves fashion photography to become a Buddhist monk in India, then returns to photography to provide some crucial help to his monastery.
BAD Too frequently, Monk With A Camera feels like a character study with no interest in studying its character.
FAIR Plenty of diverting anecdotes and intriguing talking heads, but not much deep penetration into the events and issues depicted or their wider impact.
FAIR A brash, diverting and slightly disorganised documentary that reveals how closely Yugoslavian cinema was tied to the Tito regime.
GOOD A nostalgic, poignant documentary, Cinema Komunisto , with its stunning archival footage, is fascinating and enlightening in its championing of a nation that's gone, but should certainly not be forgotten.
GOOD A great way to get the inside track on loads of weirdo sixties war movies without having to sit through them.
FAIR The irreverence pays off in some gobsmacking anecdotes, all backed by archive footage.
FAIR Mila Turajlic's Cinema Komunisto is a Serbian documentary that explores a fascinating piece of history little known outside Eastern Europe.
FAIR Polanski sure knows how to spin a yarn, whether it's with words or film.
BAD There's no doubt Polanski is a major artist, and his fans will probably get a lot out of his recollections, but don't expect any rigorous attention to the ethics of documentary-making. This is a personal exercise in public atonement.
FAIR What rises to the surface and sparkles are Polanski's gifts as a raconteur, his fierce intelligence and his guile.
FAIR A fascinating, if workmanlike, insight into the life of a legend.
GOOD Spike Lee's masterful and disturbing Katrina docu.
GOOD There's no way to truly distill this triumph into a handful of words. The ghosts of so many color the corners of a mournful poem and a powerful prayer that's pissed off, hopeful, practical, empathetic and one of the most important documentaries ever made.
BAD Despite capturing many heartbreaking aspects of the disaster, this is essentially an overambitious mess which ultimately fails to convey effectively the scale or scope of the ongoing tragedy.
GOOD In this golden era of documentary filmmaking, When the Levess Broke is among the very best films of the past year, fiction and non-fiction alike.
GOOD The same didactic instincts that sometimes mar Lee's fictional filmmaking serve him well as a documentarian and eulogist.
FAIR ...what should have been a searing, powerful documentary generally comes off as a rough cut that's desperately in need of some judicious editing.
GOOD It's an honest, fair and unflinching look at one of the greatest, and saddest, natural disasters to hit our shores.
GOOD What breaks your heart is the film's accumulated firsthand stories of New Orleans residents who lost everything in the flood after Hurricane Katrina, and the dismaying conclusion that a year after the disaster, the broken city has been largely abandoned.
GOOD When the Levees Broke is like the New Orleans jazz funeral -- a dirge on the way to the cemetery, an up-tempo parade in the deceased's honor on the bittersweet walk back home.
GOOD Do the flaws diminish Levees? To a degree. But the story Lee tells is so powerful, so important, that the lapses aren't a reason not to pay heed to what this passionate film has to say.
GOOD It's something to make a point to see.
GOOD The film asks many questions, implies answers for the easier ones, but ultimately concludes that some are simply beyond answering. Those are the questions posed in stories of incalculable human heartbreak.
GOOD The film is painful viewing, in large part because director Amy Berg relates the facts and depicts the victims and the culprits with detached gravity.
GOOD Berg's intuitively right ratio of personal and analytical material, her implied belief in transcendence of horrific demoralization, shows a truly progressive vision.
GOOD The polemical is never as powerful as the personal and O'Grady's part of the story illuminates the whole with nauseating clarity.
GOOD Um relato avassalador sobre a demagogia dos altos escaloes da Igreja Catolica, que prefere proteger seus interesses corporativos a impedir abusos contra criancas.
GOOD Although each story is compelling, among the most heart-wrenching may be that of the Japanese-Irish couple who welcomed the new parish priest, who often slept over at their house, and who now feel responsible for letting the wolf in their door.
GOOD Deliver Us Evil is more terrifying than any horror movie, because it's about something that really happened.
GOOD Some films make you think, some make you cry, and others make you cringe. "Deliver Us From Evil," which catalogs the destruction caused by a child-molesting Catholic priest, inspires all three reactions.
GOOD Berg makes a compelling case that this is THE scandal of an American generation.
GOOD Watching Amy Berg's powerful documentary Deliver Us from Evil is a wrenching experience; her subjects reveal to the camera almost unbearable levels of anguish, and its audience walks away feeling both numbness and rage.
GOOD Devastating.
GOOD A documentary with the power to affect even the most jaded of moviegoers.
GOOD Whatever name you want to call O'Grady, he is fascinating and frightening.
GOOD No report I have seen takes us so disturbingly inside the mind of the abuser as Amy Berg's Deliver Us From Evil.
GOOD Deliver Us From Evil has a few things wrong with it, including an egregious musical score, but without resorting to sucker punches, it takes your breath away while making your skin crawl.
GOOD Devastating ... Heaven only knows why Deliver Us from Evil is only playing at a handful of theaters around the country. For one of the most important films of the year, it's shocking to discover that there's no room at the inn.
GOOD A stunning indictment of institutional betrayal. It plays like a Catholic Watergate, going right to the top with hard evidence that stuns, dismays and sickens.
FAIR The church declined to comment to Berg. Her film speaks volumes about its silence -- and about a wrong that can never be righted.
GOOD The movie is a litany of victims and a chilling indictment.
GOOD The wrenching documentary Deliver Us From Evil explores the mind of a pedophile as it accuses the Catholic Church of failing to protect children.
GOOD The film, which reduced a roomful of jaded film critics to tears, could literally make you sick.
FAIR Even people who reject the idea of inherent evil may be shaken by Berg's scrupulous yet passionate recounting of the story of Oliver O'Grady.
GOOD After watching this film, you will believe that evil exists on earth. That the movie deals in truth and established facts makes it all the more disturbing.
GOOD If Berg's movie were a newspaper story, it would win the Pulitzer Prize for public service.
GOOD One of the scarier movies of the year.
FAIR Former CBS and CNN producer Amy Berg delves with piercing intelligence into one of most shocking scandals that has rocked the Catholic Church in recent years.
GOOD One of the most shocking and disturbing films this year, it's hard to rave about a movie that makes you so angry.
GOOD Produced on a grand scale, this powerhouse of a movie recounts a true story with skill and artistry, highlighting an extremely volatile situation and the brave people who put themselves in the middle of it.
GOOD The drama is intense but fractured as Trapero shows how millions of poverty-stricken people live in his home country, and how a few brave people attempt to do something about it.
GOOD [A] potent drama about the lawless slums of Buenos Aires - it feels like The Mission with all exoticism firmly excised.
FAIR The film tries to do too much and its power is on a sliding scale downward, but at times it is ultra-vivid.
GOOD A wellconstructed, genuinely thrilling drama about spiritual endurance and social commitment.
FAIR A harrowing but overall enjoyable watch.
FAIR 'White Elephant' throws us into the fray of an urban slum without in any way demonising or romanticising the theatre within which Trapero's meandering story unfolds.
FAIR There's a lot to think about - sacrifice, faith, poverty and much more - but it all feels too crammed into its running time, and is delivered in an uninspiring fashion.
FAIR Writer/director Trapero arguably crams too much into the film's running time, but potent turns and Michael Nyman's yearning score are among the compensations.
GOOD Trapero's film examines the real cost of a life of faith - the servanthood and the sacrifice - and is itself a long dark night of the soul, offering much to contemplate.
FAIR For all the competence and strength of Trapero's direction, the film is not as powerful as it might have been.
FAIR Fascinating documentary about controversial director Len Riefenstahl.
GOOD Mueller's dialectical approach allows him to expose many half-truths (and a few outright lies) by adducing contrary evidence; by the film's end, Riefenstahl's apologia emerges clearly as an elaborate mythification of self and history.
FAIR Sometimes clunky but consistently fascinating.
GOOD Riefenstahl masterfully dissects her own Triumph of the Will and forcefully denies that artists bear any special political responsibility.
GOOD This complex existence is the subject of writer/director Ray Mueller's engrossing documentary.
FAIR An exhaustive portrait of Nazi-era filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl.
GOOD However misdirected, Riefenstahl's talent is here in full bloom. And audience members may leave with their own contradictory feelings about her life and what it means.
GOOD ... really experience her energy and her drive for cinematic perfection.
FAIR Highly recommended.
GOOD This movie is fascinating in so many different ways: As the story of an extraordinary life, as the reconstruction of the career of one of the greatest of film artists, as the record of an ideological debate, as a portrait of an amazing old woman.
BAD Proves it's better to burn out, than to fade away.
FAIR Pleasant, but hardly pulse-quickening stuff.
FAIR Shows the famed songwriter's performance and work off with reverance, and a faithfullness to the live experience.
GOOD The result is simply spellbinding.
FAIR ...Neil Young has experimented with film many times, but this is by far the most accessible cinematic treatment of his music; a troubadour at the top of his game.
GOOD A potent brew of humanity, empathy, and dignity.
GOOD Regardless of what you call it, Heart of Gold is a revelation and one of 2006's best movies.
GOOD Demme continues to make concert films not because he's a fan, but because the concerts are inherantly cinematic and make perfect sense.
FAIR ...The arrival of Neil Young: Heart of Gold should be an inspiration to music buffs and cinephiles alike.
GOOD The beauty of the movie is in how alive it all sounds: rich and rueful and satisfying.
BAD It doesn't penetrate his craggy mystique, or make us hear his music in a new way. Instead, it's the same old choir song.
FAIR It shows the whole of Young's music as a well-worn mixture of brawn and grace. But it reveals the new Young album, Prairie Wind, as a sometimes musty echo of his 1972 acoustic-rock classic, Harvest.
GOOD You come away from the picture feeling as if you'd learned something new about the wonder of music, and maybe the human spirit, too. There can't be a much higher recommendation for seeing it.
GOOD A work of dreamlike eloquence, that, like Young's music, is both spare and rich.
GOOD Maybe it's not better to burn out than fade away after all.
GOOD This chronicle of the human condition set to music will only rise in value and statue over time.
FAIR Demme makes you part of the experience in a way that few concert films truly achieve.
FAIR This Prairie Wind concert is one long sweet twang of wistful not-quite-regret.
GOOD The songs situate the performer within the continuum of not just family but music history...
FAIR Every bit as laid-back and genial as the musician is himself.
GOOD Two masters -- musician Neil Young and filmmaker Jonathan Demme -- combine their considerable talents to make Neil Young: Heart of Gold a gem of a concert film.
GOOD When it comes to pop-music icons, Neil Young is the full package.
BAD The all-acoustic, Young-unplugged concert is gilded in reverence but is appreciably lacking in, well, electricity ... Diehards will have to wait until the last 20 minutes for Young to mine his repertoire of golden 1970s hits.
GOOD There are no audience reactions and little behind-the-scenes footage -- just Young and his friends, making beautiful music.
GOOD ...if you're considering waiting to see it on DVD, do yourself a favor and go see it in the theater. It'll be worth every penny.
GOOD ...A touching and powerful film that deserves to be on the shortlist, along with "Gimme Shelter," "The Last Waltz" and Demme's own "Stop Making Sense" as one of the all-time great concert movies.
FAIR Neil Young: Heart of Gold turns the traditional concert film into an exquisite, intimate experience.
BAD Some defiant rockers are forever young. This one is in name only.
GOOD It does what the best movies of any genre do: turn the produced and scripted into something sincere and honest.
FAIR Like its troubadour, Heart of Gold is smart and generous with its seeming simplicity.
FAIR Who is the star here, Neil Young or Hank William's guitar?
GOOD What I'm saying is that you don't have to already be a fan.
GOOD All the apprehension and nostalgia in the music translates beautifully to the screen under Jonathan Demme's direction.
GOOD A colorful and entertaining look behind the scenes of From Dusk Till Dawn
GOOD Longer than the movie whose construction it documents, this is nonetheless an entertaining (if sprawling) look behind the scenes.
GOOD Great documentary full of behind-the-scenes moments with stars and crew.
GOOD Even better than the film they're making! a must-see!
FAIR Full-Tilt Boogie is a tribute to the people who work behind the camera, but don't normally compete for golden statues on Oscar night.
FAIR While Memories is a landmark film that deserves wide exposure, its overriding concerns about intellectualism and class-consciousness -- or, perhaps, class self-consciousness -- feel dated.
GOOD If you're expecting a stodge of Marxist propaganda, you'll be pleasantly surprised: director Tomas Gutierrez Alea orchestrates a vibrant black-and-white collage of fictional sequences, still photos and documentary footage.
GOOD This transfixing movie, with its mix of freewheeling dialogue scenes, still photo images and documentary footage, conjures up the uncertain mood of Havana just after the revolution.
GOOD Very complex but well worth the attention you'll need to pay it to even vaguely catch every nuance.
GOOD A stirring blend of narrative fiction, still photography and rare documentary footage.
FAIR A moving testament to the life and work of a major American artist.
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
GOOD Well-balanced, witty and illuminating. A must-see for anyone who's even remotely interested in photography
FAIR The film's segments move seamlessly from one topic to the next with the unselfconscious ease of a good dinner party.
FAIR Niles and White capture the fear in the faces of the band members - but also their energetic fortitude and willingness to move on from their past suffering.
FAIR Right now, Sierra Leone's civil war and its recent history involving the illegal diamond trade are the engines of Blood Diamond. The Refugee All Stars makes a realist, humanist antidote to that movie's many Hollywood trappings.
FAIR In comparison with most of the Indian cinema that breaks through to the Western mainstream, Bandit Queen stands out for its political attitude and willingness to take on Hollywood sensibilities in its storytelling.
GOOD Russell Brand is, for once, well cast in the role of vague, vain singer Aldous, who's also the object of obsession for a waiter and aspiring musician in the Hawaiian resort.
FAIR The numerous, unflinchingly filmed scenes of public and gang rape make this a visceral, if gruelling, experience, especially when juxtaposed with sprawling, beautifully photographed vistas of the Indian deserts and mountain ranges.
GOOD Seema Biswas' lock on our fascination and sympathies is unreleasable, making for a most powerful film from India.
FAIR Although the "Bandit Queen" is a film loaded with violence and hatred, it is also an affirmation of the durability of the human spirit.
FAIR Seema Biswas, who plays the protagonist, conveys a remarkable range of suffering - bleeding, at its extremes, into a kind of pure, white-hot hate that makes the anger of Thelma and Louise look like playground stuff.
FAIR Devi is played by Seema Biswas as a fireball of unrelenting, white-hot fury -- a slap in the face to her country and its barbaric, outdated treatment of women.
FAIR Seema Biswas is convincing in the role: small, fierce, dark-eyed and indomitable.
GOOD A towering achievement.
FAIR It is representative of a thousand other real-life stories -- albeit not as spectacular as the Devi saga -- which have emerged in the news from India in the past decade.
GOOD It is one well worth the time of fans of serious drama.
GOOD A fascinating work.
GOOD An excellent examination of caste discrimination, human suffering, and the role of women in India's changing culture.
GOOD You begin to wonder where reality ends and Arpaio's own world begins. (There doesn't seem to be a lot of overlap.)
GOOD an absorbing journey over gritty social terrain, driven by a fierce sense of purpose
GOOD In the end, you can't help but wonder exactly what it was you've just seen. A hard-hitting expose? Voyeuristic slumming? A true tale of triumph, against all odds? A self-aggrandizing, vanity biopic? Some new type of reality film?Perhaps all of the above.
GOOD Profundamente comovente e tragico, apesar de suas obvias falhas estruturais e %u2013 o mais grave %u2013 de pisar em um terreno instavel em seu aspecto etico.
GOOD Every thinking adult should see this compelling Oscar-nominated documentary.
FAIR [The filmmakers'] approach to the material makes it palatable, but a grittier style would have added depth and power.
FAIR It's a testament to the abilities of these Calcutta children that the most touching images revealed in Born Into Brothels are those taken by themselves.
FAIR An unsentimental look at how beauty, artistry, and hope can emerge from the most unexpected of places.
FAIR Wears the confidence of a well-planned feature.
GOOD Despite the bleak subject matter, Born into Brothels [contains] moments of pure elation.
GOOD A devastating portrait of impoverished Calcutta children who are born into the sex trades, yet the film is also an inspiring document about human possibilities and the need to strive despite impossible odds.
FAIR Against all odds, it's ultimately an uplifting experience.
FAIR Captures hope and compassion in a shady part of humanity most probably unaccustomed to such things.
FAIR A film that's ultimately more charmingly bittersweet than truly disturbing.
FAIR "There is nothing called hope in my future." Click. Oh yeah, bring a tissue.
GOOD The best moments of Born Into Brothels come when Kauffman and Briski let the children speak for themselves.
FAIR One feels manipulated rather than enlightened.
GOOD Without sentimentality or preaching, Briski and filmmaker Ross Kauffman open our eyes to the universality of the childhood experience and the presence of artistic sensibilities in the most surprising places.
GOOD A beautifully made essay on a filmmaker's efforts to teach the children of Calcutta's prostitutes the fine art of photography.
FAIR The film says all it needs to say through the photos of the kids and their excited, wide-eyed reactions when they realize the outside world is paying attention to them.
GOOD The stories in Brothels are quite moving, and the film sheds light on a part of the world that is rarely seen anywhere.
GOOD Oh, Calcutta -- harsh and real like we've never seen it. ... This is one dazzling documentary that continues to develop.
GOOD It uses the medium to capture and reveal something and to inform the audience about it.
GOOD As powerful and uplifting as the film is, the end results are tempered by sadness, and prove that no matter how good your intentions, some problems are insurmountable.
GOOD Even when Born Into Brothels shows a world one might rather pretend didn't exist, it is enchanting to view.
FAIR Briski's seeming sincerity and her positive results make up for one's occasional misgivings about her showy empathy for the unfortunate...
FAIR Meeting these young photographers is delightful, but what this film needed to transcend into greatness is more of Briski.
GOOD It's one of the most inspiring finales I've seen in a long while.
FAIR Briski gives herself too much screen time, making sure we see how tirelessly she fights to give the kids educational opportunities, health care and group photo exhibits at swank Manhattan galleries.
FAIR The film and the photos taken by the children are full of images that touch a range of emotion from inspiring, to laughter to tears... as beautiful as it is heartbreaking.
GOOD Beautifully filmed, and devoid of the kind of patronizing beneficence that First Worlders often bring to the Third World.
FAIR It represents a certain kind of missionary zeal that I find troubling--more accurately, distasteful.
GOOD Born of genuine research and a desire to shine light into the darkness, as all great documentaries must.
GOOD A documentary full of hope. That, in our humble opinion, is worth the price of admission.
GOOD Moving docu shows depth of human-horse bond.
FAIR A cynic could wield a lash against "Wild Horse, Wild Ride," but the golden vistas, galloping horses and gracious humans tame us.
FAIR You can't help feel you're watching a special kind of love story.
FAIR There's nothing fancy about the technical package...but the beauty of the land and the horses themselves, and the varied personalities of the trainers, more than carry the film.
BAD Frustrations abound with this limited film, but Wild Horse, Wild Ride does one thing exceptionally well, and that is convey the emotional bond between trainer and horse.
GOOD With its gorgeous big-sky vistas, stirring shots of the majestic mustangs and intimate bits between trainers and trainees, "Wild Horse" proves a warm and memorable ride.
GOOD Wild Horse, Wild Ride takes the viewer on an unforgettable journey across the American Southwest where, together, man and beast reign supreme.
FAIR This documentary shows the beginning of some beautiful friendships.
FAIR This gorgeous-looking documentary is crying out to be remade as a family film feature.
BAD If this sounds like the premise of one of those tiresome Discovery Channel docu-tainments, it's because it essentially is, only heavily abbreviated to fit the feature-film format.
FAIR A short, pungent, ambiguous portrait of the poorer sections of Baltimore and the young men who get their kicks riding dirt bikes through the streets en masse, popping wheelies and dodging the police.
FAIR It's the rare film that gets deep into low income inner city life and zeroes in on what motivates those whom society tends to forget.
BAD Well-edited and often thrilling, but leaves you with more questions than answers and feels incomplete.
GOOD 12 O'Clock Boys shows the culture for what it is: thrilling, compelling and more than a little dangerous.
FAIR This slice-of-life effort presents a complicated picture when it comes to the world of urban dirt biking, acknowledging the dangers involved while celebrating its utility as an outlet for the pent-up emotions of a people left behind by society.
GOOD Lotfy Nathan's hand-held camerawork, combined with a snappy hip-hop soundtrack, gives the documentary a sense of immediacy.
GOOD It's positive, it's inspiring, it's beautiful.
FAIR Take a closer look, as Lofty Nathan does in his freewheeling debut feature... and bike gangs like the 12 O'Clock Boys start to differentiate as more than just a dangerous nuisance.
BAD [It] spectacularizes black criminality for white middle-class viewers, the primary audience for the festivals and art houses where this film will have its career.
BAD The film's implication, that the rides need to be curtailed, seems obvious; and I can't help thinking that Nathan realizes this, but stops short.
GOOD Nathan's film defies easy categorization; he's interested in neither telling a fairy tale nor painting issues in broad strokes.
GOOD As reticent as Nathan is to cast explicit judgment, the film shows the tragic impasse between a street culture that's reckless and provocative, and a police force that exacerbates the problem with heavy-handed tactics.
FAIR Nathan wisely avoids explicit commentary. He doesn't need it: Coco's angry frustration, Pug's bruised confusion, and the police helicopters constantly hovering above the defiant bikers say enough.
FAIR Engrossing if slightly slapdash.
FAIR Not only does it work nicely as a slice-of-life narrative, but it also serves as a subtle study of the endemic hopelessness in America's inner cities.
FAIR It constantly divides itself between fulfilling the conventions of the informational talking-heads documentary and aiming for a more poetically impressionistic quality.
FAIR The film itself is a little too rough around the edges to fully engage. Fascinating subject, though.
GOOD Nathan's gorgeous slow-motion shots of the 12 O'Clock Boys riding for the camera shows the glory to which Pug aspires; in the rest of the movie we see the life that's really awaiting him.
GOOD A captivating and nail-bitingly tense documentary that provides a stellar account of Baltimore's urban dirt-bike gang ...
GOOD Nathan's approach is observational and reminds me of the way Steve James constructed Hoop Dreams, following the emerging story while creating context by including footage of Pug and his mother, Coco, at home...
FAIR What they say is something all of us should take to heart, regardless of that number we refer to as our age.
FAIR A bittersweet documentary that follows three gay men in different parts of the country who feel time and change breathing down their necks.
FAIR These men have lived through a lot, and their continued vivacity is what makes the film around them a rich experience.
BAD At times it just seems like people you know hamming it up for the camera.
FAIR ...a calm and straightforward documentary [that] looks at the lives of three gay men in their sunset years.
FAIR At times, "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" seems like a checklist of all the things women had to fight for. But it's a long list, and one that still faces women today.
FAIR Although much of that archival footage is incredibly familiar after decades of exposure - the burning bras, the clever protest signs, the impassioned speeches, Gloria Steinem - it's the footage of the opposition that really shocks.
GOOD Director Mary Dore isn't much of a dramatic storyteller in her documentary She's Beautiful When She's Angry, but she presents a straightforward report on the rise of American feminism so passionately that it achieves a sense of giddy triumph.
GOOD A superbly researched and edited documentary about the women's movement in the 1960s.
BAD Intermittently interesting and occasionally compelling history of the feminist movement's early days.
FAIR Dore made the movie to counter the lack of films about the women's movement -- a fine idea, nicely realized.
FAIR Clearly fascinated with the era, its literature, its sit-ins and its ethos, Dore respects the film's still-passionate veterans, while noting some missed goals and flawed efforts to express their aims.
FAIR "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" doesn't break much formal ground. But it serves as a moving reminder of how crucial citizen action is in fomenting social change.
GOOD It's a useful documentary, and it needed to be made now.
FAIR A few awkward re-enactments mar the effect, but they're over quickly, while the narrators' voices and plentiful historical footage create a rich mosaic.
FAIR A somewhat less than successful film.
BAD As you watch the movie wholeheartedly and uncritically celebrate the group's "nonconformist" ethos (shouldn't someone gently break it to them?), you can feel the energy being sucked out of you.
FAIR An amiable portrait of the artist as a scruffy slacker, and a useful jumping off point for anyone interested in investigating some of the cultural issues that marked the 1990s and the start of the new millennium.
FAIR Like the art scene it documents, Beautiful Losers is chaotic, anarchic, rambling and populated by charismatic freaks with statement T-shirts, complicated haircuts and impossibly rare trainers.
BAD You can't help but feel like a bit of an eye-rolling parent, wondering if a few of them might benefit from a proper job and a light slap.
FAIR The affection these people have for each other is what makes Beautiful Losers (the name is taken from one of their shows) so attractive.
BAD Prioritising the self over the job means Beautiful Losers is rarely more than a compendium of loveliness and apology.
BAD On your deathbed you will want back the time it takes to see this one.
GOOD One of the year's best documentaries.
FAIR The film's score, by Money Mark, is an entertainment in itself.
GOOD An absorbing look at how a circle of dispossessed young artists from the 1990s eventually found its way to mainstream success.
FAIR This is a pleasant enough visual romp with surprisingly few down notes.
FAIR Some of the art is probably interesting, but Rose's own video-influenced filmmaking style leaves little time for inspection or reflection.
FAIR [A] pleasant film, which sings the praises of nonconformity.
BAD Though [Director] Mr. Rose can't be blamed for waxing nostalgic, he can't much expect us to care about so fawning and self-serving a document.
BAD It succeeds intermittently and is reasonably enlightening, but whether audiences are really going to warm up to the individuals presented here is questionable.
GOOD a celebration of rude and raw art and the kinetic charge of experiencing something fresh and undefiled
FAIR The cultural time capsule doubles as a testament to the joys of outsiders bonding, with interviewees emphasizing how they finally felt like they belonged somewhere after years of asphyxiating alone on the fringe.
BAD Aaron Rose and Joshua Leonard don't properly contextualize this mini-scene within the larger art world, nor provide basic background on their speakers.
BAD ...suffers from an egregiously "inside" sensibility that ensures neophytes will periodically be left scratching their heads at the whole thing.
BAD Once in a Lifetime is like a soccer team that plays good defense but lacks offense.
GOOD Well-researched and exuberantly compiled, this is a thoroughly entertaining tribute to America's first tackle at surgically implanting the beautiful game.
FAIR mostly I'm stricken with nostalgia for '70s fashion and Marv Albert's hairdo
FAIR An energetically told tale, with eccentric characters to spare and a nostalgically bittersweet tone.
GOOD With just a little tweaking ... could be reworked in a Christopher Guest-style mockumentary of swollen egos and corporate whimsy.
FAIR Packed with observations and recrimations, many of the latter aimed at or by Chinaglia, which makes for some gossipy entertainment.
BAD ... treats its audience like a bunch of attention deficit disorder cases.
GOOD It's a rags-to-riches story that shows how American money and imagination revolutionized not just a team, but the entire sport of soccer, back then and still to this day.
FAIR New York went bust, so did the team, yet scattered seeds for smarter soccer growth later.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime would have benefited greatly from historical and outside perspective, but the story on screen is such a kick that even monotone narrator Matt Dillon gets caught up in the excitement.
FAIR It has some funny scenes and wild characters who reflect back on the glory years, where the clashes of ego were as legendary as Pele's amazing bicycle-kick goals.
FAIR A cavalcade of theatrical personalities, juicy war stories, unforgiven grievances and old-school cinema dazzle.
BAD The movie is ultimately too long and too this-no-name-player- was-traded-for-that- no-name-player detailed for casual viewers.
BAD Essentially an extended cable special.
FAIR How that dream was realized and what factors brought it and its league to a horrific crash scarcely a decade later is the intriguing drama that directors Paul Crowder and John Dower are able to reconstruct.
FAIR An energetic and often enjoyable documentary, particularly for soccer fans.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime does a wonderful job of showing that this collection of foreigners playing a foreign sport forged one of the great American sports stories.
FAIR The movie is only so-so, borrowing a little from the VH-1 school of popumentary but lacking the snazzy production values.
BAD Another soccer film? Buy, hey, it's about a NEW YORK soccer team, glorifying the late Steve Ross, the number one corporate viper! For those who believe the world ends at the Hudson River only.
FAIR Lively, free-wheeling amusement.
FAIR A slick, gossipy documentary that pulses to the strains of James Brown, Parliament and the Love Unlimited Orchestra as it glosses over facts to make its questionable case for the Cosmos.
FAIR This is not an exercise in fabricated nostalgia, but a raucous chronicle of defeat snatched from the jaws of victory.
GOOD Crowder and Dower wonderfully coax the participants to tell us everything and present it in a very entertaining, engaging and informative way that will have fans and non-fans laughing all the way
FAIR You don't need to be a soccer fan to, like Cosmos fans, fall for this captivating tale, told in Rashomon-like style.
FAIR Aptly portrays the country's brief love affair with soccer and acknowledges that it will continue to thrive, whether we're paying attention or not.
FAIR Needless to say, until the unhappy ending, we've got an entertaining and edifying romp.
FAIR Crowder and Dower's film is a refreshing reminder that... without the Cosmos' brief and shining moment in the sun, suburban soccer leagues would be as rare as collegiate boccie tournaments.
FAIR A colorful time capsule of 1970s New York... the doc's jauntiness is enhanced by its many charismatic characters and a funky, wall-to-wall soundtrack...
FAIR The documentary offers enough color and depth to hold your interest and leave you keen to see the World Cup finals.
FAIR No Hollywood scriptwriter would dare make up a tale as outrageously unlikely -- but, as it happens, true -- as the one so entertainingly told in the documentary Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime performs a belated autopsy on the Cosmos and the North American Soccer League and basically concludes that they died of impatience.
FAIR An enlightening look back at how "the world's sport" briefly took off in the US.
FAIR Told in a breezy, fast-cut style, and backed by a boisterous soundtrack that ranges from Puccini to James Brown, Lifetime focuses on the players -- on the field and off -- that made the Cosmos such a super, if short-lived, team.
GOOD Giddy, gossipy and endearingly unslick, Once in a Lifetime chronicles the rise and fall of the most famous soccer team in the United States with slapdash glee.
GOOD The perfect mix of style and substance, visuals, music and words ... one of the best sports documentaries ever made.
FAIR Stanton isn't interested in giving away the details of his life and career, and no one's going to lure them out of him.
GOOD A different kind of documentary for a different kind of guy.
FAIR The artist and the art are inseparable. Stanton is a man content in the "nothing" he's carved out for himself.
FAIR Laconic, lost in memory but focused, Stanton slowly opens up to filmmaker-interviewer Sophie Huber.
FAIR It adds up to an unexpectedly moving portrait of a maverick at twilight.
GOOD Refreshingly stylish and enigmatic. It brings out Harry Dean Stanton's warmth, humility and sense of humor.
GOOD Alternating between color footage and the genius interplay of startlingly lovely sequences of Stanton singing and playing harmonica in granular black-and-white, Harry Dean Stanton: Partly Fiction perfectly captures the essence of the man.
GOOD As he does in his roles, Stanton opens himself up to the camera in a way that has the indelible stamp of truth, an almost fragile sense of honesty.
FAIR At the film's heart is a fitful conversation that unfolds like a string of koans, epigrams, jokes and silences. And songs.
FAIR It's a little frustrating at first to realize that Huber isn't going to get much explanation of anything from Stanton. But she ends up making a virtue of the actor's Zen calm...He's so present, it's as though he's burned into the screen.
FAIR Huber responds to Stanton's languid opacity in ways both inspired... and insipid.
FAIR You won't learn much, but you'll be strangely happy that you didn't.
BAD Though occasionally aesthetically alluring and evocative, feels like an introductory chapter to a more substantive, sprawling study of the actor.
GOOD It's a near-perfect portrait of an actor who never became a household name and yet has earned the admiration of generations of filmmakers.
GOOD George calls funk the bridge between soul music and hip hop, and he builds a strong case. Funk refused to be put in any box. Wherever it came from, and wherever it's still doing, it gets your motor moving.
FAIR This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire.
BAD The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama.
FAIR An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street.
GOOD It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience.
GOOD [A] restrained and ethically nuanced documentary.
GOOD One of the most humane things I have seen all year.
GOOD An intimate, nuanced and engrossing look at the implementation of an indigenous, grassroots approach to judging man's inhumanity to man.
GOOD Flatley himself, a construction worker turned award-winning dancer, seems to be using gravity as a catalyst rather than an impediment to his ebullience
BAD Lord of the Dance 3D is the Showgirls of concert documentaries.
BAD [The film] doesn't offer a single flying sequin to justify its considerably higher ticket price. It's simply a blandly shot recording of Michael Flatley's musical revue, as performed overseas.
BAD An essential document of bad taste that needs to go right into the time capsule. History must not forget.
BAD The excitement factor only intermittently carries from the arena to the screen.
FAIR When you're not slack-jawed in amazement at the fancy footwork, you'll probably be giggling (or groaning) at Flatley's overcooked sense of the dramatic.
FAIR If you're a fan, then you'll probably be thrilled by this more literal rendering of Celtic thunder, with the Zeus-like Flatley delivering lightning bolts of pizazz from his own showbiz heaven.
BAD There are lots of close-ups of Flatley's lightning-fast feet, as well as some cheesy slow-motion leaps, but no sense of the complexity or continuity of the dance combinations.
BAD A faithful transcription of a live performance, but it lacks the you-are-there dimension of the most involving concert films.
BAD Music video director Marcus Viner's 3D cameras don't take us into the performance or even up on the stage with the dancers. Stylistically, it's a very pedestrian treatment of its subject.
FAIR Even in 3D, the screen is no substitute for experiencing the energetic excitement of Michael Flatley.
GOOD alarming and heartbreaking documentary ... examines the small but apparently rapidly growing subculture of people who keep exotic animals as pets.
GOOD An exceptionally compassionate, fair-minded film that clearly states, beyond any rational benefit of the doubt, that raising potentially dangerous animals as pets is destructive to animals and humans alike.
FAIR A documentary that examines the exotic animal phenomenon and discovers -- without getting sanctimonious -- much madness.
FAIR Throws bits of information at random, like an exotic pet chucking you-know-what.
GOOD This fascinating documentary shines a light into an underreported corner of America, the backyards and living rooms that currently house deadly exotic animals that should never have found themselves in captivity at all, much less as pets.
BAD Explores the growing trend of treating dangerous animals as just another household pet.
BAD Spends rather too much time in the troubling company of Terry Brumfield, a barely mobile invalid who houses two full-grown African lions and their four cubs in a trailer in his backyard.
FAIR There's a kind of macho element to the movie that contradicts Harrison's interest in humane treatment with filming the suffering of animals and hoisting a couple of them for the camera.
FAIR The documentary isn't about presenting a balanced opinion, but creating an ideological four-alarm fire about this epidemic of irresponsibility and arrogance.
FAIR Lions and tigers and bears -- oh my! Even the requisite venomous snakes chew up the scenery in this film.
FAIR As engrossing as it is emotionally charged.
GOOD This impeccably made film is chock-full of enlightening and sometimes bizarre moments...
FAIR The Elephant in the Living Room is structurally scattershot but its evidence is sound and fair, its characters sympathetic and its message, if muddled, is still important and effectively delivered.
FAIR "The Elephant in the Living Room" is damning, but also very sad. These stories, as Harrison points out, never have a happy ending.
GOOD Hits the sweet spot of being entertaining, informative, and deeply moving.
BAD Great game, bad storytelling. Soccer buffs only.
FAIR A treat for soccer fans who have yet to see their favorite game given its due on the big screen. This won't be a classic soccer movie, but it's a start.
FAIR Enough enthusiasm, authenticity, and spirited soccer play to offset the missing ingredients.
BAD Snooze.
BAD Angelo Pizzo's screenplay is rife with the expected sports and gamesmanship cliches, and he and Anspaugh take forever just to get to the game action, which is the only really worthwhile material.
FAIR These guys give a sport that is virtually nameless in the movies a good name in this one.
BAD ...this soccer tale is about as exciting to watch as a scoreless match between opponents so defense-minded the ball never gets beyond midfield.
BAD The Game of Their Lives has little to recommend unless you're jonesing for a generic period piece boasting lots of slow-motion sports montages set to swelling music.
BAD Pure, unadulterated sentiment served up with a straight face, The Game of Their Lives is a middling depiction of one of the all-time great underdog stories in sports history.
FAIR Too many references to the inevitable popularity of soccer in America make [the film] less about the players' lives and more about selling soccer as a spectator sport.
FAIR Game Of Their Lives wants to be the unabashed, feel good movie of the year, not that there's anything wrong with that
BAD A victory by the upstart U.S. team over a 'highly regarded' English squad in the 1950 World Cup is the basis for this extremely selective flashback.
BAD The Game of Their Lives covers its story like an assignment, not like a mission.
BAD The maker of Hoosiers and Rudy barely makes do with the soccer-themed drama The Game of Their Lives.
BAD Like a corner kick that doesn't quite bend, Game is a faithful, straightforward docudrama that fails to become something more rewarding.
BAD David and Goliath roll in their graves.
GOOD The sequences of the actual games are extraordinarily realistic...
BAD This narrowly focused, devotional film details (to a fault) how a rag-tag assemblage of Sunday soccer players defied all odds in achieving an American dream.
GOOD This is an inherently moving story, and director Mark Jonathan Harris has the wisdom to trust that.
BAD At the risk of sounding like a cad, I'll go ahead and admit that Into the Arms of Strangers is dreadfully boring and uninspired
GOOD A great human document, deeply moving, unforgettable.
GOOD Faces which carry history. That's what you will take away with you after watching.
GOOD Still resonating as powerfully today as when these black events first unfolded.
GOOD At its best, the film gives a human face to stories of unimaginable suffering and unexpected triumph.
FAIR A compelling document.
FAIR This extraordinary documentary can be seen as a meditation on Francis Bacon's thought: "If one be gracious to strangers, it shows you are a citizen of the world."
FAIR Producer Deborah Oppenheimer's journey of discovery about her late mother's past appears legitimately destined for award consideration.
FAIR Students of both the dark and bright side of human nature cannot afford to miss it.
GOOD The tales here are worth being told, and worth hearing.
GOOD An extraordinarily fine and understated documentary.
FAIR Into the Arms of Strangers was produced with the help of the Holocaust Museum in Washington; it is a valuable, if necessarily fragmented, part of that institution's attempt to convey the enormity of what the Nazis did one life at a time.
FAIR The deliberate narration feels at stylistic odds with the socially visceral imagery, but this artistic juxtaposition lends its portrayed events an appropriately mythic tinge.
BAD [Doc's] failure to systematically lay clear, linear historical groundwork for the events of late 2004 and 2005 is obviously deliberate, but without it the film is unenlightening to anyone not already conversant with the history of modern Ukraine.
GOOD Orange Winter is more than a mere history lesson. [This] movie characterizes a body politic as a living thing,and charts its internal changes as if it were the protagonist in a drama.
FAIR Schaedler's film raises as many questions as he answers.
FAIR This incisive film -- which opens with rare footage of angry monks throwing stones at Chinese troops -- nicely resists and complicates simpler views of the storied land.
GOOD Brooklyn Castle does a superb job of celebrating the triumph while reinforcing the relentless vigilance it requires from everyone involved.
FAIR With Brooklyn Castle it's really nice to see so many young, positive minds at play in the world, and to cheer on so many smiling children dreaming of enlightened futures.
FAIR Brooklyn Castle is inspiring stuff that grabs you by the throat and will leave you cheering - quietly of course. No shouting in a chess match.
GOOD ...provides a corrective to the popular image of American schools as obsessed with sports and popularity, and it makes the strongest possible case for funding after-school activities.
FAIR "Brooklyn Castle" easily checkmates your inner cynic.
FAIR Katie Dellamaggiore's lively and affecting documentary introduces us to a cast of characters that's very winning (in both senses of the word).
FAIR The I.S. 318 team? A delightfully motley, vulnerable, multicultural bunch, whose addiction to chess has allowed them higher aspirations for top high schools and, eventually, college and careers. You will root for them like crazy.
GOOD We meet five of the team's members and several of their teachers; by its end, you'll be rooting for them all.
FAIR "BROOKLYN CASTLE is a compelling, engaging and inspiring Documentary, featuring Junior High kids that you can relate to. Even if you don't know the game of Chess all too well, it won't stop you from enjoying this pleasant film."
FAIR Enlightening, inspiring and expertly crafted.
FAIR The admirable Brooklyn Castle transcends its formula to become an optimistic look at extracurricular education and young people.
FAIR Great story, well-made, what's not to like?
GOOD I don't know diddly about chess, and I still loved it.
GOOD Every player knows the finality when the other player sadly turns over his king, signaling surrender. We know it even better when we do it ourselves.
FAIR It's clear that chess isn't just a game; for these students, it can also open doors.
GOOD It's a wonderful documentary look at an astonishingly successful public-school chess program that manages to be more moving and heartening than you expect. Which is saying a lot.
GOOD As the film offers glimpses of the kids' inner lives and external experiences, it helps you see how expansive both can be.
FAIR "Brooklyn Castle'' is an engaging tale, and the principal is wrong: These kids are much more lovable than the Yankees.
FAIR It pays to consider even the small details of society's greatest investment in the future: our future generations.
FAIR It's deeply satisfying watching these public school, hard-knock kids win, and Ms. Dellamaggiore knows it.
FAIR If the film occasionally bumps up against the limitations of its Spellbound-like template, its refusal to ignore the social issues outside of the classroom proves it's more than simply a novelty human-interest story with impressive knight moves.
GOOD This engaging, entertaining film might just spur you to become involved in some way in making sure that important and productive public school programs survive the recession and further budget cuts.
FAIR Overlong. It wanders. It needs trimming. But the director never goes far wrong when she just hangs with the kids, focusing on their focus, capturing their disappointment at losses and the thrill of each victory on the chessboard.
FAIR I might have preferred less of the focus on winning and losing and more on the cause, which I find strange coming from me, since I rarely am crazy about issue docs.
BAD As Luke once said, what a piece of junk.
BAD Triumph the Insult Comic Dog did a far better job - and actually a more sensitive job - with the fans waiting outside for the start of Episode II.
FAIR For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
