FAIR Frozen River is bleak and uncompromising - and that's just how the Academy likes it.
GOOD Melissa Leo's Oscar-nominated performance as a mother not above illegal business, but resolutely clinging to honesty and not giving into hypocrisy, is terrific. Hope comes from hard sacrifice in a finale proving sometimes possessions are our blessings.
GOOD Actress Melissa Leo rightly earned an Oscar nomination for her part in this downbeat drama.
GOOD Frozen River is a taut, suspenseful thriller; a troubling of borders both cultural and national; and testament to the virtues of communion, empathy and compassion.
GOOD Original, sad, suspenseful and involving: the kind of work that helps independent American cinema retain its good name.
GOOD Occasionally marred by contrivance and a crude internal logic that doesn't bear close scrutiny, 'Frozen River' works best as a knuckle-gnawing, blue-collar genre thriller.
GOOD Leo and Upham give performances of great conviction and the film is bold and uncliched: especially the matter-of-fact treatment of guns.
FAIR It's Leo, with her pained and battered magnetism - half-pleading, half screw-you - who shakes the film out of its occasional glibness, notching up the performance of her career in thrilling, hungry style.
GOOD Everything about the film looks and feels authentic, from the desolate landscape dotted with trailers and fast-food joints to the people who populate a borderland that offers none of them much hope.
GOOD A fascinating, understated look at the human condition.
GOOD Cold yet never calculating, it's a fine film featuring a heart-rendingly knockout performance of steel and strength from Leo.
GOOD Leo and Upham make an unlikely double act in a finely written, well-played film with a striking plot and setting. Hunt's clearly a name to watch; Leo, meanwhile, can look forward to finally getting the recognition, and roles, she deserves.
FAIR As a quiet celebration of ordinary women's resourcefulness, the film is well-crafted, sensitively acted and modestly affecting.
FAIR While there is much to admire, there is little to enjoy as downtrodden folk try to make money the hard way. At heart it is a sentimental drama that rarely connects.
GOOD Frozen River will penetrate your core like a biting Arctic wind.
GOOD A modest but thrilling drama.
GOOD Frozen River represents one of the best examples of the new trend for austerity and social realism in American indie cinema.
GOOD The surprising twists and turns in the final act are both powerful and haunting.
GOOD This is that rarest of beasts - an indie thriller that tries to win over viewers not with crowbarred-in whimsy but with a gripping plot and two brilliant lead characters.
FAIR Frozen River is a quirky drama driven by a couple of outstanding performances.
GOOD Frozen River is a superbly written, genuinely moving drama with an unmissable central performance from Melissa Leo. Highly recommended and one of the best films of the year.
GOOD Skating between thriller and character/social drama, Hunt has created a women's movie with backbone, fleshed out by terrifically steely performances from Leo and Upham, who manage to convey the intricacy of the women's decisions despite the sparse dialogu
FAIR It is more conventionally melodramatic than its realist postures might at first suggest, but in the end Frozen River is kept from sinking into icy oblivion by the brittle strength of its central performances.
GOOD The film's strength lies in the utter realism and the lack of sentimentality with which the characters and situations are presented, but it runs the risk of being so uncompromising that potential audiences will avoid it, which would be a pity.
GOOD Hunt's grip on the impulsive fumblings of real-life behaviour is so firm that you stay with her all the way, almost forgetting to breathe. It's a simple story but a primal one, and it gives Leo the role she's long deserved.
GOOD ...Leo's character is fleshed-out to such an extent that one can't help but sympathize with her plight and root for her success.
BAD The points Hunt wants to make may not be profound (desperate people do desperate things; morality takes a backseat, but not forever), but Leo makes them seem fresh.
FAIR Despite a few contrived plot turns and some heavy handed symbolism, this first feature from writer-director Courtney Hunt can be recommended as a thriller, as a tearjerker, and as a regional study.
GOOD Ita(TM)s a film that trawls through race and disenfranchisement but ultimately ends up as a powerful portrait of women whose spirit is galvanised by their motherhood.
GOOD Realistically depicts the relationship between the allure of criminal activity and times of desperation.
FAIR While it's no crowd-pleaser, Frozen River is powerfully honest stripped-down filmmaking.
GOOD A gritty, super-realistic, female empowerment flick most memorable for Melissa Leo's spellbinding, Oscar-nominated performance.
GOOD Una muy buena historia sobre la supervivencia, solidamente narrada y excelentemente interpretada, sobre todo por la extraordinaria Melissa Leo.
FAIR Holding Frozen River up to traditional standards of morality doesn't work.
FAIR One of those worthy movies that is a lot easier to admire than like.
FAIR You couldn't call it a happy movie, but it's an absorbing one.
FAIR Offers a wacky portrait of the sexual foibles of men.
FAIR The acting is excellent and the bickering is the best. ... Director Iris Green and the terrific cast leave us with a lot of promise for future films.
FAIR This has its moments - what Scorsese film does not? -- but over a two-and-a-half-hour stretch it huffs and puffs and still doesn't blow the house down.
GOOD There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
GOOD The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
GOOD Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
GOOD The shocking violence is well-placed. The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump cut cheats here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat. What a corker.
GOOD The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
GOOD This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
FAIR As ingenious as it is artificial.
GOOD Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
GOOD Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
GOOD As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
BAD I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
GOOD The Departed is not for the faint of heart. But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
GOOD It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
GOOD This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
GOOD Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
GOOD Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
BAD The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
FAIR Much splat, little art
FAIR Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
GOOD One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
GOOD The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema. Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
BAD Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't do anything he hasn't done brilliantly several times before.
GOOD Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
GOOD What makes this a Scorsese film, and not merely a retread, is the director's use of actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme. I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's about; it's about how it's about it.
GOOD Lukas Moodyson's debut feature has a grainy, immediate feel that nicely enhances the story's emotional honesty -- a quality that our own popular teen movies have only just begun to embrace.
GOOD Nobody can deny the honesty or the outright sincerity this film has.
FAIR Dahlstrom and especially Liljeberg are first-rate.
GOOD Unfortunately, as the plot develops, it shies away from exploring that discontent, in favor of demonstrating precisely the kind of naivete and sweetness that one would expect to find in any teen romance.
GOOD It's just an incredibly insightful character drama about true, awkward, beautiful first love, and it's all the better for it. Oh, and that last shot is as cute as it gets.
FAIR High school, small town, teenagers in hormone hell -- or is that heaven?
GOOD A completely charming reality-based romantic fantasy, both sweet-natured and sympathetic.
FAIR The movie is funny, gentle, and true.
BAD The film has some charm and a winning simplicity but not an iota of depth.
BAD I'm tired of teens talking about make-up and making out. A lesbian twist to an otherwise standard story just isn't enough to make it compelling.
FAIR Successfully captures the frenzied angst and boredom of youth, as well as the powerful, unbridled emotions of first love.
GOOD A poignant exploration of the cruelty and anguish of teenage existence.
GOOD Right away this film grabs attention with documentary-style close- ups and upends teen movie cliches.
GOOD Incredibly fun, incredibly entertaining, and worth watching in all respects.
GOOD A breath of fresh air in a genre too often controlled by Hollywood teen-pap.
GOOD One of the most honest and heartfelt teen dramas ever to grace the screen.
GOOD Dreyer goes to the Christian heart of the matter in this film. Damned powerful.
GOOD Carl Theodor Dreyer's 1943 parable about witch-finding and witch-burning in 17th-century Denmark is coldly brilliant.
GOOD A compelling family melodrama and a sombre exploration of how men co-opt religious dogma to oppress and punish female desires.
GOOD Day of Wrath is probably the simplest of the Dreyer films that I've seen, but it is still a great work.
GOOD Dreyer was a master of conveying emotion in a way that can only be called "literary"
GOOD A study of good and evil, repression and oppression, sexuality and guilt, Day of Wrath is a truly spiritual film.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style. The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches. But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about fleshed-out characters or intricate stories. It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture. He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable. For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't know much about this director. But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic. Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR The unusually subtle yet eloquent debut of Israeli director Haim Tabakman...
FAIR The movie respects the Jewish tradition of inquiry and debate; it unreels as a sort of dramatic dialogue that acknowledges the benefits and terrors of both religious fundamentalism and personal freedom.
FAIR This restrained piece from first-time Israeli film-maker Haim Tabakman explores the tension between faith and sexuality in Jerusalem.
FAIR The simplicity of the tale is its strength and the acting of Zohar Strauss as Aaron and Ran Danker as Ezri is entirely natural.
GOOD It's almost impossible to imagine anyone making a gay romance between two orthodox Jews. And yet this film is subtle and sensitive, and full of earthy honesty as it explores a seriously difficult situation.
FAIR A sensitively directed and movingly acted story of forbidden love.
GOOD A very human story quietly unfolds with a compelling understatement in this dour but deeply-felt drama from director Haim Tabakman.
FAIR This is responsible, restrained and intelligent, but if anything, the risky subject material is handled with too much caution.
BAD Director Haim Tabakman avoids sensationalism so assiduously that his film has slightly less eroticism than the average party political broadcast.
GOOD It's not just the subject matter of impossible love that recalls Brokeback Mountain, but the same aching sadness and pathos.
GOOD One of the best and most moving love stories you'll ever see. Absolutely top draw.
FAIR Tabakman makes evocative use of enclosed spaces and silences, and tempers the melodrama with a sociological authenticity that confirms the centrality of belief in Jewish culture.
GOOD Slow and often silent, it's an extraordinarily disciplined film that respects, if not honours, the milieu of its story...
BAD Worthy in theme, honourable in intent, oddly bloodless in execution.
FAIR Director Haim Tabakman conjures up the sad mood very skilfully, with natural lighting, measured pace and an unexpected electronic soundtrack. In fact, it's probably my favourite film about the romantic love between two Jewish guys since Superbad.
FAIR The film's urgent point about the need for understanding is made with dignity and an appreciable tinge of sorrow.
FAIR Impressively directed, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that plays like an orthodox Jewish version of Brokeback Mountain, though the pacing and minimalistic dialogue might prove too arthouse for some tastes.
GOOD As oblique and laconic as its characters, Tabakman's moral tale rises to a melancholy spirituality.
GOOD "Brokeback Mezuzah": Tender, affecting, brave, and beautifully wrought,
GOOD Brave, provocative and gently engrossing with well-nuanced performances.
GOOD It moves slowly and patiently through the ordeal of a single soul, illuminating in the process a cosmos of intense and hidden feeling.
FAIR Quiet, sober and tense, the movie makes some interesting points, but it lacks the emotional firepower of Brokeback Mountain.
FAIR The drama's moments of inspiration vindicate its desultory proceedings.
FAIR Haim Tabakman's feature directing debut fascinates for the powerful, multi-layered themes that percolate beneath its visually spare and delicately told story.
GOOD Unusually sensitive look into the hearts of nonconformists in an extremely conforming community as the different risks they take and the choices they make are quite moving.
FAIR Bellocchio famously took on the Catholic Church and the Italian family in his frenetic first film ... Now 40 years later, Bellocchio's attack on the same institutions is calmer and more temperate.
FAIR Enigmatic and mesmerizing.
FAIR An artful look at religious hypocrisy, interfamily dynamics and the way people wrestle with personal history long after the original events are over.
FAIR It's a bit of a mess but strong stuff nevertheless.
FAIR Exceptionally handsome, somber film.
BAD It's almost as if screenwriter/director Marco Bellocchio wants to exorcise personal demons rather than entertain.
FAIR The quizzically abrupt ending leaves [too many] questions, and the viewer, hanging.
FAIR It is a riveting, rich portrait of an atheist who thinks he's resistant to faith but may be in the throes of a feverish conversion.
GOOD Bellocchio's complex drama is held together by the tight and focused performance of Castellitto.
FAIR It's a sly, subtle portrait of systematic hypocrisy (try to count the number of times faith is referred to as an 'insurance policy') and the mysterious way fate binds children to their parents.
FAIR An edgy drama unwinds with an emotional letdown.
GOOD This superbly filmed Italian drama stands with Bellocchio's best work.
GOOD Marco Bellocchio's expansive, memorable film floats and plummets like a box kite in a storm on drafts of melodrama, mysticism and humor.
FAIR My Mother's Smile overflows with mildly interesting ideas and characters, but the end result is decidedly tepid.
FAIR Flawed but fascinating portrait of Vatican politics.
FAIR Bellocchio has a way of spelling everything out for the audience; nonetheless, the film's intellectualism is both provocative and remarkably playful.
BAD Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.
BAD Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings.
BAD Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door.
BAD A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens.
BAD An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks.
BAD Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head.
BAD The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating.
BAD Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists.
BAD Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s.
BAD Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks.
BAD "This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant.
BAD Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.
BAD seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters
BAD Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon.
BAD The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify.
BAD Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.
BAD As if one Duff wasn't enough for us.
BAD I liked it better with Brittany Murphy.
BAD The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy.
BAD It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts.
BAD The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin.
BAD The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic.
BAD finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful.
BAD You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck.
BAD This is indeed one dumb film.
BAD Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through.
BAD A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements.
BAD Light but listless.
FAIR There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun.
BAD Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above.
BAD Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable.
BAD The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.'
FAIR a safe, enjoyable movie that can be watched by yourself, on a date or at your mother's house after Sunday dinner
BAD It teeters between pleasantly generic film biography and rank manipulation.
FAIR You could go see this just to enjoy the production design.
GOOD Diane Lane delivers one of the finest performances of her career.
BAD Secretariat is cliched, unrealistic and predictable, but it will make you feel good
FAIR This horse-sports-opera boasts all the ingredients for a successful run.
FAIR Celebrates greatness on four legs with a decent--if not record-breaking--amount of light entertainment. What're the odds?
FAIR Easily as good of a film as "Seabiscuit," and family-friendly.
FAIR A heavily contrived and overlong account of the greatest US horse in racing history, Disney's Secretariat still has a lot going for it as an old-fashioned family drama.
BAD Secretariat is a good-natured but thunderingly cliched triumph-against-the-odds tale, almost every line a cornball aphorism about following your heart.
BAD Like Secretariat himself, the film is a glossy, big-hearted slow- starter, but lacks his ability to power home ahead of the competition.
BAD I'm sick of the simpering American morons who lap up this rubbish.
FAIR With its linear structure, nostalgic glow and distinct lack of surprises, Secretariat seems to have wandered into cinemas after leaving its TV movie hitching post.
BAD Just when we thought John Malkovich didn't have another semi-intentionally deranged performance left in him, he has come storming back with another uproarious turn...
GOOD I think this is one of the year's most enjoyable family films.
BAD Despite a decent performance from Lane as the homespun trainer, Secretariat is more blind alley than Blind Side.
BAD This tale of wealth, horse-breeding and good old Christian faith is just about as hammy as a study of commodified horse sex can be.
BAD Secretariat's story still feels untold.
BAD Don't put money on it.
BAD Bum-numbingly long bore that has a worrying number of talented actors seemingly involved for a cheque. Watch a film about dinosaurs instead; much more fun.
FAIR This horsey, 1970s-set Disney film doesn't boast the most imaginative script and is too long and businesslike for youngsters -- yet it still produces a lump in the throat.
BAD Disappointing, frequently dull racehorse drama that's let down by poorly written characters, a thinly stretched plot, a painful lack of dramatic tension and a cliche-heavy script.
FAIR Yes, it's a good, solid movie about a horse that no one expected to win.
FAIR Penny Chenery's story is good stuff. It's just that watching it, one can't escape the nagging feeling that it's not the most compelling part of the (Secretariat) story.
GOOD ... you will believe a horse can act.
BAD Secretariat is basically an amiable crowd pleaser. It's a good film about a great horse.
FAIR If you like sweet, safe tales of triumph, Secretariat is a sure bet. But if you like films with a bit more tension and complexity, this romp doesn't completely satisfy.
GOOD ...oldstyle Hollywood, family entertainment done at a very high level. It doesn't lay out all the facts and complications, but it's a very honest movie.
FAIR Despite the Disney-fied, sentimental side of the story, 'Secretariat' hits the finish line as an effective tale about an amazing equine athlete
FAIR Well-crafted, shamelessly -- and obviously -- manipulative fantasyland stuff, passing itself off as a 'true story,' when, in fact, it's what we call 'fact-based.
BAD Watching Secretariat is an experience as antithetical to watching an actual horse race as it gets.
BAD Schmaltzy, uneven and contrived [despite] thrilling horse-racing scenes and John Malkovich's hilarious performance as an eccentric trainer who walked right out of a Christopher Guest movie.
FAIR The horse's story entertains but it would have been nice to have more of the owner's personal life explored
BAD Crushingly unexceptional.
BAD It's not about a horse, it's jockey, or it's trainer. It's about a horse owner. Instead of honoring the greatest race horse ever, they try to find an underdog story with Diane Lane's help.
FAIR Secretariat rides to the Winner's Circle.
FAIR Like most Disney features, it is an inspirational event that will touch everyone.
GOOD A throwback to an era where Disney churned these things out by the dozen, you?ll cheer, you?ll laugh, and wish you?d brought a hanky. There is, however, no photo finish.
FAIR Until the Sports Illustrated subscription runs out at the Walt Disney Studios offices, I expect audiences will continue to be privy to cookie-cutter yarns centered around notable achievements in the sports world.
GOOD As good as The Ring is, it can't top the original for sheer, shivering terror.
GOOD A sure, stealthy shocker which certainly primes you for the sequel.
FAIR David Cronenberg could perhaps compete with Nakata but unfortunately only lesser mortals have attempted to replicate the feeling that Reiko has plunged into something with which even her psychic powers can't compete.
GOOD Ring has indescribably disturbing moments that frightened me out of my wits. But like many of the Japanese horrors that followed, it sometimes has an elliptic and confusing storytelling style that can make plot-progression muddy.
FAIR The original retains its power to chill, although in the age of the DVD and the download, the idea of a haunted video cassette seems positively archaic.
GOOD The finale, too, still feels as twisted, bizarre and down-right nightmarish as it did all those years ago.
GOOD Subtly expressive faces and spooky interiors are the order of the day in this original, powerful treat.
GOOD A landmark in horror cinema, Japan's Ring is arguably the most chilling pieces of popular supernatural cinema of the 90s.
BAD Bog standard horror offering with a distinct lack of action or plot.
GOOD A blockbuster in Japan, this restrained horror film crosses urban legend conventions with Asian ghost story traditions, and the results are truly spooky.
GOOD It hit something primal in me, turning me into a quivering ball of nerves; my 'fight or flight' switch was turned to flight and then broken off.
GOOD It's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you've seen the remake first. Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity, [yet] are worthwhile.
FAIR Neither inferior nor superior to the Hollywood version.
GOOD Good ol' urban legend stuff.
GOOD Contando com uma premissa curiosa, o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense, culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memoria.
GOOD contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
GOOD If it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with Ring, an indisputably spooky film; with a screenplay to die for.
FAIR If nothing else, this movie introduces a promising, unusual kind of psychological horror.
GOOD Even if it's been tailor made for Japanese schoolgirls, it still had me screaming like one.
FAIR As an historical reenactment it suffers from a great deal of simplification in order to make complex events quickly and easily understandable, and as a drama it suffers from a great deal of build that never really pays on it's promise.
BAD While the performances keep the film afloat, Kapur's over indulgent direction and his inadequate interpretation of history comes dangerously close to running it aground.
BAD odaje sve nedostatke i ograni%u010Denja olovnih vremena u kojima je nastao
GOOD Every shot, every costume is decadent with color, and every single twitch of Blanchett's face is imbued with meaning as she negotiates her way through her warring roles of being a woman and being a queen.
BAD But saddled with this dopey script, [Blanchett] is stuck pulling a series of poses and wearing one ornate gown after another.
FAIR Blanchett is again director Shekhar Kapur's greatest asset. His weakness is his tendency to fall back on silly, melodramatic contrivance better suited to popcorn fare than to a believable meditation on Elizabethan England.
GOOD Betrayal, war, love triangles and most importantly, Cate Blanchett proves to be able to capture strength, anger and sadness better...
FAIR This is an epic, to be sure, but it is also a melodrama, a soap opera of titanic scale and bluster.
BAD Figurinos, direcao de arte e fotografia sao exuberantes, mas fica ate dificil apreciar a performance de Cate Blanchett em meio a um roteiro tao estupido e a direcao "olhem-pra-mim-sou-Cecil-B.-DeMille!" de Shekhar Kapur.
BAD Menos interesante y mas rutinaria que la primera Elizabeth (de 1998), esta segunda parte vale la pena mas que nada por otra brillante composicion de Cate Blanchett.
BAD a muddle that subsumes [its] premise in a mighty attempt to be several things all at once, with an uneven delivery
FAIR ... fearsome and passionate with its visual flair, but incredibly confused as to how it wants to address Elizabeth's life beyond what has already been realized.
GOOD "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" is a worthy sequel to "Elizabeth". Cate Blanchett delivers the same performance that earned her so much praise the first time around. The epic feel harkens back to Hollywood's Golden Age.
BAD The elaborate costumes and set decoration provide the only interest.
BAD Unreliable as history and misguided as a contemporary allegory, Golden Age finally fails because it is a half-hearted spectacle, not even filmed in a widescreen format.
FAIR Shekhar Kapur's Elizabeth sequel is a beautifully shot, impeccably designed and largely entertaining drama, providing you're not a stickler for historical accuracy.
GOOD If this is a film that irritates nearly as much as it pleases, we do get a sense of the times, and of the lady in question. The eyes, if not the brain, are certainly given a workout that they will remember.
FAIR See it anyway for Blanchett's soulful modulation between queenly command and womanly anguish.
BAD Where Kapur's first Elizabeth was cool, cerebral, fascinatingly concerned with complex plotting, the new movie is pitched at the level of a Jean Plaidy romantic novel.
GOOD Rich in colour, sumptuous costumes, political intrigues and the personal relationships which dominate Elizabeth once more.
FAIR Kapur's film is visually arresting, each frame a work of art in miniature. But there is something rather breathless about the storytelling.
FAIR Despite all that's going for it, you can't help thinking this movie could have been so much better.
BAD A handsome but shallow sequel.
BAD The film is just about worth seeing for the wigs and costumes. But Elizabeth: The Golden Age sank without trace in American cinemas, and I fear it will do the same here.
FAIR A lesser movie compared to its 1998 predecessor, this sequel nonetheless delivers the sort of stirring drama and sweeping spectacle its subject demands. Blanchett, meanwhile, shines brightly enough in the title role to make Elizabeth III a certainty.
BAD Making soap of statecraft, the film has plenty of juicy moments, but offers an inconsistent rather than complex view of Elizabeth.
FAIR Sidelines Sir Francis Drake in favour of the dashing Raleigh, nicely summing up the film: all flash, very little bang.
FAIR Over-indulgent and melodramatic, as is the nature of artistic mythmaking, The Golden Age will beguile and repel in equal measure. The performances are supreme, although some viewers may struggle to reconcile the director's epic intentions.
GOOD Even though the script plays fast and loose with historical facts, that indomitable bulldog spirit rings true and holds you captive for the duration.
FAIR It's flawed and it does feel longer because the big finale is less like a battle and more like an on-screen version of battleship, but Cate and Clive are still worth a look.
BAD Want to know what a gifted actress Cate Blanchett is? Watch her keep a straight face throughout Elizabeth: The Golden Age.
FAIR The film is beautifully shot, filling the screen with brightly saturated hues that give it an almost fairy tale-like visual sense, rather like a series of Pre-Raphaelite paintings brought to life.
FAIR okay, but more silver than gold this time out.
BAD The script is the flowery prose of an overly earnest high school student.
BAD The movie contains the usual palace intrigue and overblown dialogue. The only line missing is the one referring to Elizabeth as a "king in petticoats."
FAIR Golden Age starts well, and with sharp wit and crisp dialogue. But as the story moves toward the tentative romance with Raleigh, the film drifts into melodrama...
FAIR Bigger and more exciting than its intimate predecessor.
BAD Breasts heave and the sea storms as historical music swells in Shekhar Kapur's overwrought follow-up to Elizabeth.
BAD There are movies that are so bad they're good, and then there are movies that are so bad they're completely awesome.
FAIR Cate the Great once again imbues the Queen with her captivating mix of steely strength, regal dignity, take-no-crap toughness, and intimate vulnerability.
FAIR The air of Gallic nonchalance ensures you have a lot of fun watching Pinon and Ardant match wits. It's Dana, however, who anchors the story.
FAIR An engaging, enjoyable slice of suspense from the French.
BAD Is it supposed to be funny, tragic or what? Even the characters don't seem too sure.
BAD Red herrings abound and audience frustration sets in. It's a pity because the film looks good and the Gilbert Becaud songs on the soundtrack are easy on the ear.
FAIR It's filled with intriguing characters, it has a fascinating initial premise -- and then it runs off the rails.
GOOD The ever-appealing Fanny Ardant and the enigmatic, pug-faced character actor Dominique Pinon have many subtle delights up their sleeves, and newcomer Audrey Dana is a revelation.
GOOD ... about the creation of fiction, the way we spin lies together into a simulacrum of life - if there's any philosophical point of view beyond that it's that every narrative is necessarily an abridgment of truth.
GOOD What's especially clever about the plotting is that anything that proves to be merely a red herring is then incorporated into another storyline.
FAIR If this kind of storytelling is your cup of absinthe, Claude Lelouch makes it easy to sip appreciatively.
GOOD In many ways, Lelouch's film is -- in its somewhat old-fashioned way (which isn't a pejorative) -- the most bracing dose of cinema I've seen all year.
FAIR Provides one of the year's more memorable movie moments: a simple shot of a barn, overlaid with both the soothing crooning of a Gilbert Becaud pop song and the terrified squeals of a hog being slaughtered.
FAIR Even if the game isn't entirely successful, it's fun to play along.
FAIR It's intellectually cagey, potentially romantic, and, above all, an entertaining puzzle box of duplicitous people doing mysterious things, men and women.
FAIR As fizzy and non-nutritive as a glass of sparkling wine, Roman de Gare is a crowd-pleasing blend of romance, farce and mystery that plays out a little like a Ruth Rendell mystery novel with Rendell herself as the chief suspect.
GOOD Forty years after his breakout success as a filmmaker, Claude Lelouch makes something of a comeback with his playful and sexy whodunit, Roman de Gare.
FAIR With elements of road movie, thriller and comedy as well as other genres, Tracks possesses a freewheeling appeal.
FAIR Entertaining despite nearly fatal plot holes.
FAIR I think I understand the alternative realities of the plot, and I concede the loose ends are tied up, sort of, but I didn't care.
GOOD Don't go to the theater expecting too much and you can't help but leave with a smile on your face.
FAIR Lelouch's deft touch with various cinematic styles, however surface, enables him to interweave pastoral elegy, quirky social comedy and thriller with fluid ease.
GOOD An ingenuous knot of plot, expertly tangled, in which nothing is quite what it seems.
FAIR Pinon and Dana are so striking together.
FAIR Succeeds as a mystery, comedy and romance in unexpected ways.
GOOD It's the smartest and best suspense movie you're likely to see for a while.
FAIR Thanks to the able cast and crisp cinematography, it's mostly unpretentious and reasonably entertaining.
FAIR In quite a balancing act, [Lelouch] has written a script that's a thriller, somber romantic comedy, and, for the first half, a tense road movie.
FAIR Lelouch's film is the cinematic equivalent, enjoyable fluff that your mind will discard after the closing credits -- but worth seeing nevertheless.
FAIR Begin Again is a delight, not only because of its infectious musical vitality but because it follows the unexpected forks in the road.
FAIR It's not nearly as good as "Once" but still very charming and entertaining.
FAIR John Carney's retread never gets close to replicating the stunning emotional core of Once. But for those seeing Begin Again from a fresh perspective, it's ( ... ) a more light-hearted ( ... ) alternative to the Coen Bros' Inside Llewyn Davis.
FAIR The best thing about 'Begin Again' is what it's not. It's not a love story, or at least not a conventional love story; it's more of a friendship story between a man and a woman, which is something we almost never see in movies.
FAIR I've seen happier endings in Oklahoma! and Singin' in the Rain, but this one feels genuine - and in an unexpected way, deeply satisfying.
FAIR Knightley (supplying her own vocals, more than just competently so, by the way) and Ruffalo have a casual chemistry that works, and Levine is (perhaps unsurprisingly) totally right as a self-absorbed jerk.
GOOD I really enjoyed this. It's such a nice surprise, because so many so-called feel-good romantic comedies these days are pretty ordinary but there's something special about this because there's a level of reality to it in the performances in the situations.
GOOD There's a freshness to this film.
GOOD Bonds born out of art, and specifically music, are nothing new in the movies, but Carney conveys the uniquely exhilarating romance of the creative process behind art like no other filmmaker.
GOOD John Carney is not afraid of a cliche. After all, Begin Again is a musical, a genre that has always thrived on them. And he does know how to shape them to his own design, which is low-key and slightly tongue-in-cheek.
FAIR Thankfully Begin Again doesn't take the predictable routes; it seems to actively reject the easy romantic tropes.
GOOD People who love music, people who love great films, and people who love both, are sure to love 'Begin Again,' an exquisite film by John Carney, who wrought the equally superb 'Once.'
FAIR You'll find a mismatched pair to pull for and a lot of sincerity in this musical romance by the creator of Once.
GOOD In its best moments - which are not infrequent - is appealing mostly on the backs of watching interesting, capable people going on with their business in an engaged, focused manner.
GOOD This is the kind of film that lifts your spirits. If you've had a bad day or are generally feeling down, it will cheer you up. If you're already feeling happy, it will make you even happier.
FAIR ...breezy and consistently watchable...
GOOD a light and dancing comedy about fresh starts
FAIR A mostly pleasant but deeply flawed little film that gets by on its stars and a sense of generosity.
GOOD I found it moving, funny and really rather charming, provoking more than enough laughter and tears to dispel my underlying anxieties about the "live" performances.
FAIR The wholesome, hopeful, let's-put-on-a-show enthusiasm may sound hokey but it's actually infectiously joyful. At the same time, Carney roughs up the edges just enough to make this fairy tale seem somewhat accessible and realistic.
GOOD The result is a film that, while fitting into various great traditions, still bears the unmistakable thumbprint of a singular film-maker.
GOOD Carney's latest isn't quite the equal of Once, but who could have twice bottled that lightning?
FAIR Irish writer-director John Carney is a master at depicting musicians on the cusp of something special.
FAIR This soulful outing is sure to please music lovers. And isn't that everyone?
GOOD Keira Knightley sings and so does the movie!
GOOD A decent feel-good flick that features also decent music. The real reason to see it is the acting especially that of Mark Ruffalo who gives a career best performance.
GOOD A cheery charmer that brings a smile to the face.
GOOD Fans of Once - or, indeed, anyone with a heart - will be swept away by the gentle, sweet-but-sad story.
FAIR Begin Again is a not-entirely-successful movie about not selling out; it's a theme that must concern Carney deeply.
GOOD It's a movie that is painfully sincere and free of guile, with as close to a happy ending as these characters could ever get. If you like musicals, well, here's a good one.
FAIR The gentle lightning of Once doesn't strike twice for Carney, but his latest music movie has charm beneath its slick surface - and Knightley and Ruffalo harmonise just fine.
FAIR Keira Knightley plays Greta, a Norah Jones-like singer-songwriter... It's a typically brave performance from an actress who is always prepared to try anything.
FAIR At times, the scenes are so canned they feel like soap opera. But the movie does have its fair share of decent moments thanks to Ruffalo and co-star Catherine Keener.
BAD It's all a bit easy - though quite nicely performed - and Knightley is never entirely convincing ...
FAIR Can a meaningful glance mean as much as a kiss? In this film, it can, and that's enough.
FAIR No matter how thin the drama, or thick the performances, the film's firefly-in-a-jar, midsummer night's whimsy and heart-on-its-sleeve optimism hath charms ...
FAIR Keira Knightley brings a sweet soul to John Carney's delightful sort-of sequel to his low-fi hit, Once.
FAIR The film is a fairy tale: sentimental but enjoyable if you put a few protective fingers in front of your face to avoid being slurped to death.
BAD John Carney returns with another feature-length music video, turning the surprising charm of his debut, Once, a novel take on the modern musical romance, into a shameless gimmick. Just call it Twice.
FAIR Knightley's bullish Britishness and Ruffalo's bruised charm provide a pleasingly gentle, unsentimental chemistry and, heck, there's even James Corden on a kazoo.
FAIR They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but it can make for some awfully dull films. The line between inspiration and imitation is fine crossed repeatedly. Pride and Glory isn't the worst offender, just the latest.
BAD No button remains unpushed, no shred of scenery remains unshredded and no F-bomb remains unuttered.
FAIR Pride and Glory doesn't add anything to the generic crooked-cop procedural that we haven't seen with more verve in better movies.
FAIR This predictable police corruption story with an A-list cast explores themes of family and honesty as two cop brothers uncover the dirt on their brother-in-law's violent activity, while senior cop Dad tries to keep things under control.
FAIR Uma pena que o filme jamais consiga escapar realmente do lugar comum, implodindo de vez em seu terrivel terceiro ato.
BAD Hard to watch, hard to listen to and hard to follow.
BAD The actors in Pride and Glory do their best with this cliched material, but the film is so grim, ugly and miserable that it's difficult to sympathise with even the most positive characters.
FAIR Director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor is the son of a former New York policeman, and displays a strong grasp of the familial and fraternal ties that bind his characters together.
FAIR While its kinetic appeal does have a numbing - if temporary effect - on your critical faculties, television has been much more successful in claiming this territory as its own.
BAD Relentlessly dour, filled with unsympathetic characters, and made out of cardboard melodrama. It's the last of those sins that is unforgivable. [Blu-ray]
BAD ...only skims the surface of its characters and offers nothing new in the way of corrupt law enforcement.
FAIR Elevated by superb performances, led by Edward Norton and a very chilling Colin Farrell.
BAD What's especially lamentable is that this movie strands yet another exemplary turn by Edward Norton, who once again is superior to the material surrounding him.
BAD Pride and Glory is a bleak, boring and hopelessly familiar corrupt cop story that simply does not work despite the determined, top-of-their-game efforts of O'Connor and Norton, not to mention Colin Farrell, Jon Voight and others.
FAIR A well-acted and tightly structured piece that would be more impactful if there weren't a feeling that we've seen it before.
BAD Bloody, violent and increasingly derivative, 'Pride and Glory' betrays its initial promise as a small-scale, 'Godfather'-esque social tapestry with crude plotting, variable acting and an all-too-guessable storyline and conclusion.
BAD Solid yet unremarkable, Pride And Glory will never win points for originality. With committed turns from Norton and Farrell, it does enough - just - to keep you interested. But this is one film that neither covers itself in pride or glory.
BAD A detonation of flatulent, macho-sentimental gibberish is what this ugly and violent film positively farts out of the screen at you.
BAD But, hackneyed, unconvincing and ultimately preposterous, Pride and Glory should be made to hand in its badge.
GOOD It doesn't quite pack the wallop that O'Connor intended, a daft fight near the end may evoke laughs and it probably won't be storming the Academy, but don't be shocked if you enjoy this as much as Marty's Oscar victor.
BAD Here's an excruciatingly dated and derivative New York cop movie.
FAIR After similar but much better fare such as Martin Scorsese's The Departed and The Wire TV series, we've come to expect an awful lot from our bent copper dramas and, while satisfactory, Pride And Glory just isn't in the same league.
BAD When Noah Emmerich, who plays Tierney's NYPD brother, said "this s*** ends now", the Sneak thought "glory be" - only for the story to drag on for another 20 minutes.
FAIR This bad-apple cop drama is the kind of movie that Sidney Lumet used to make in the Seventies and Eighties, and it hasn't evolved a great deal since.
BAD However skilful Gavin O'Connor is as a film-maker - and there are some striking sequences here - we've seen this corrupt cop thriller a hundred times before.
FAIR Watchable cop thriller with strong performances and suitably gritty direction, but the climax gets bogged down in some embarrassingly awful cliches.
BAD If cop movie cliches are a crime against cinema, Pride and Glory should be under arrest.
BAD Christmas is definitely cancelled in this over-acted, over-here movie. Presumably the tinsel was CGI'd in to complement the season of its release.
BAD passionate performances in a story that is a series of letter-perfect cliches
GOOD A dramatic, tense story of mixed loyalties in an NYPD family with standout performances by Norton, Farrell, Voight, Emmerich, and Ehle.
GOOD Relentlessly grim, appropriately abrasive and beautifully filmed, "Pride and Glory" recalls Sidney Lumet's heyday. It proves there's still meat left on the bones of bad-cop thrillers, but it wisely doesn't offer a Handi-Wipe after its final course.
BAD It's a tale you've seen a good 100 times before, and if only 85 of those 100 are actually better than Pride and Glory, the other 15 aren't any worse.
FAIR I'm not sure how many times the F bomb gets dropped, but it's more than you'll hear it in the average R-rated drama.
BAD Pride and Glory: Cops arrested by cliches.
FAIR Run of the mill cop drama elevated only by the acting of the supporting cast - Jennifer Ehle is heartbreaking
BAD Norton and Farrell are both too good to have been shortchanged by this been-there-done-that script.
FAIR That noise you hear is the soundtrack of We Own the Night, which is playing next door in the multiplex of your memory. Yes, there are undeniable similarities between the two pictures.
BAD Marijuana legalization is a hot button issue, ripe for boundary-pushing humor. Don't Legalize It oddly pulls back at the very moment when it should be charging forward with all its might.
BAD Given how established their roles are, Don't Legalize It could really use some sort of narrative pull, but it is mostly just content to stand in the middle and watch everyone circle in their fitfully funny ruts.
BAD It gets as stale as pot left too long in the freezer.
FAIR You've got to take your toque off to a dumb movie that is clever enough to try to rook Ottawa politicians into doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
BAD It's tolerable because director Mike Clattenburg, who created the series, overlays the stumblebum ineptitude with a layer of affection.
GOOD ...a crazed road trip to Chuckleville.
GOOD Excellent updating of the classic drama
GOOD Not nearly as good as the original, but still an incredible film.
GOOD Nowhere near the original, but still worthy of high praise.
FAIR This remake is worth viewing for the strength of the script and the fine performances.
BAD Where's the media attention and the constant attempts to take advantage of the poor girl? Even the lackluster Nell got that right.
BAD Cool! clearly aspires to be in the tradition of lost-boys masterpieces Los Olvidados and Pixote, but is too exploitative to succeed as a cautionary tale and too cautious to succeed as an exploitation picture.
GOOD Here, finally, Clark takes the skankiness out of teen sex, making it into a romantic idyll.
FAIR Because the filmmakers cook up an equal number of touching sequences to match their disturbing ones, their portrait of disturbed America comes through clearly and effectively.
BAD well-shot, but it is the only good thing that could be said about KEN PARK
FAIR Ken Park leads viewers, fans, and detractors to wonder, "What the hell is this guy doing?"
BAD Pornografia infantil disfarcada de "arte".
FAIR Less a film than a moment in time--at least that's what Ken Park's dreamy bookends would have you believe.
BAD Parental figures are one-dimensional. Behavior becomes extreme and absurd, making the film laughable.
BAD The film is fascinating, but sort of like watching a road accident.
BAD The worst film I've seen since... Well, "Bully".
GOOD Makes Happiness look like Dumbo.
GOOD A savage attack on American comfort.
GOOD functions equally well as revenge drama, moral fable, and no-holds-barred condemnation of dog-eat-dog capitalism
FAIR Dassin's film emerges as a rather searing, wide-reaching indictment of the necessary evils of doing business in the United States
GOOD Dassin swathes Thieves' Highway's long-haul boys in claustrophobic compositions and menacing darkness.
GOOD Nothing is put together for you, but all the pieces of the puzzle are there for you to create what you want. It's refreshing to see a movie that is completely out of the box, and doesn't follow any present forumla. THE WALL is a great rock opera.
GOOD Visually stunning and disturbing, an essential midnight movie.
GOOD A stunning portrayal of a slide from isolation into madness. And the music rocks, too--bonus.
BAD One of Alan Parker's few truly bad movies.
GOOD Visually stunning yet strangely forced tale.
FAIR dated and self-aggrandizing but a watershed
BAD Good music. Sick imagery.
GOOD A midnight movie classic!
FAIR Late Phases is a fun werewolf flick with a sweet, climactic last stand.
BAD Damici gives his memorable protagonist enough life to hold it together more often than it would have otherwise. He's great here. The movie around him, not so much.
BAD Late Phases transforms from laughably non-frightening horror film to self-serious family drama and back again, all the while remaining ferociously, ravenously boring.
FAIR Adrian Garcia Bogliano ends up merely toying with the death-steeped concerns of his characters, and taking the furious and bitter perspective that powers the narrative's ponderous dramatic core for granted.
BAD It's probably best to think of the film as an extended music video, a watershed moment for movie sound tracks, and not much more.
FAIR ...there is so much good music involved...it easily distracts one's mind from the clunky histrionics.
BAD The musical performances are memorable, everything else is forgettable
BAD Bland Prince vehicle that takes itself far too seriously.
FAIR intriguingly well-told story
BAD Those who are looking for a two-hour music video with a coherent story will not be disappointed.
GOOD The performers have a bit of a wink behind their performances, and so the artificiality meshes together neatly.
BAD Purple Rain shares a trump card--its set list--with casual Prince fans, who are advised to reach for the soundtrack album instead.
FAIR Purple Rain's gazillion-selling soundtrack album has more or less eclipsed the film in pop culture history books.
FAIR Short people of Hollywood...DANCE!
GOOD it isn't much of a movie, but it's one hell of a show
GOOD A classic '80s rock movie, whose soundtrack was perhaps the best album of the decade.
FAIR Prince is one of the most talented musicians of our time. His movie doesn't quite reflect that, but it's in Minneapolis, so it's cool.
FAIR So-so picture that is most notable for the terrific musical sequences featuring Prince and his band.
FAIR You'll have a rockin' good time!
BAD Where are all those people who called this "the Citizen Kane of rock movies" hiding?
FAIR Just as the relationships at the core of this drama, The Yellow Handkerchief is one big compromise. Make do with the lackluster parts and receive something uniquely pleasant.
FAIR A well-acted little film, The Yellow Handkerchief captures the loneliness of these characters and the sparks of hope they harbor, despite everything.
FAIR This uplifting film is an indie gem with a wonderful payoff that will bring you to tears. The acting is superlative and makes this emotionally moving experience good to the last drop.
BAD When The Yellow Handkerchief finally hooks into the meat of Hamill's source story, the narrative tension puts enough wind in the film's sails to arrive at its corny but sentimentally satisfying conclusion.
BAD The only positive thing about the aimless film The Yellow Handkerchief is the idea that William Hurt may be ready for his Jeff Bridges moment.
FAIR The unhurried direction of Udayan Prasad and the unafraid choices of the sure-footed cast keep this character-driven drama afloat.
FAIR The Yellow Handkerchief is a love story. Two, really. At its center is the sweetly fractured ticking of a broken heart on the mend.
FAIR The story arc of Handkerchief is entirely predictable, and the direction is pedestrian. But its pleasures are to be found in the graceful acting of Hurt and Bello...
FAIR This modest but moving indie ensemble piece puts three estimable actors in a convertible, sets them on a long drive to post-Katrina Louisiana and lets the character dynamics do the rest.
FAIR The Yellow Handkerchief is a surprisingly moving drama -- a throwback to the small, character-driven indies of yesteryear.
FAIR Even Stewart, an untutored colt of an actress who can toggle between natural grace and utter haplessness, finds her groove here.
FAIR You don't need an original story for a movie. You need original characters and living dialogue.
BAD Sluggish. Torpid. Boring.
BAD Prasad's take on the well-traveled folk tale (it didn't originate with Hamill -- he was just smart enough to put it down on paper) won't win any Oscars...
FAIR The sleepy scenery and charming performances -- Stewart escapes her vampires and reminds everyone what the fuss used to be about -- keep The Yellow Handkerchief from blowing it.
FAIR With tired eyes, a hesitant stoop and thinning hair, William Hurt makes only occasional appearances in films these days, but he's forgotten nothing about the kind of niche acting that informed his early work and won him a coveted Best Actor Oscar.
GOOD Kristen Stewart, just 17 at the time the movie was shot (several months before filming began on the first "Twilight" picture), navigates the swells of teenage confusion with precocious confidence.
BAD Director Udayan Prasad knows how to maximize tight spaces and closed-up characters, but Stewart underwhelms with her churlish pout and Southern twang, while Redmayne is simply annoying.
FAIR The romantic drama earns solid marks for atmosphere, moving shots of post-Katrina New Orleans and acting-few do sad-and-wise better than William Hurt-but each theme is hit a bit too hard and predictably.
GOOD Subtly powerful road trip film OK for most teens.
GOOD A road movie about three travelers in post-Katrina Louisiana and their quest to avoid a bleak and dark future.
GOOD Erin Dignam's episodic script, brimming with humor and honest emotion -- and the pitch-perfect direction of Udayan Prasad -- thankfully avoids manipulating the audience at every turn.
FAIR William Hurt, who specializes in playing high-strung, upscale neurotics, brings his formidable skills to The Yellow Handkerchief.
FAIR a refreshingly dimensional four-character ensemble piece
BAD Well-shot and well-acted, but also so consistently lightweight that it risks disappearing from the screen as you watch it.
BAD A wispy story of revelation that's blessed with gorgeously photographed Southern discomfort, and beset by on-the-nose dialogue and awkward time-shifting.
BAD The film fails to provide Kristen Stewart the courtesy of a role with scene-stealing potential.
GOOD [Arthur] Cohn has assembled a quartet of gifted actors who are captivating under Prasad's perceptive direction.
FAIR Yellow Handkerchief is just another quiet character piece that may make its way to theaters in limited release, but won't cause any waves.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
GOOD Thrilling, touching adventure for animal lovers.
GOOD A lovely and unjustly forgotten family film.
FAIR Somehow makes the story of orphaned geese entertaining.
GOOD Story of a girl and her geese is complex entertainment for kids and grown-ups.
GOOD From bumbling infants to majestic adults, a flock hasn't been this charismatic onscreen since Hitchcock went bird-watching.
GOOD It's a genuine delight and a definite thumbs aloft for kids of about six upwards.
FAIR Beautiful looking and well acted, but lacking in the kind of tension that marks a well-told tale.
FAIR Jon Favreau's charismatic and convincing performance as the boxing legend is enough to recommend this biopic.
BAD Rocky Marciano was a knockout of a fighter to say the least. It's too bad Winkler's movie about him carries no particular punch
FAIR Every bit as cornball as it sounds.
GOOD If you have been with Jesse and Celine through the twists and turns, slips and stumbles of their romantic journey then their long, flowing, deceptively gripping conversations ripple with the realities of life.
GOOD Maybe we'll see more of them in another nine years. But if not, if things end here in this perfect trilogy, then that's enough to consider it as perhaps the greatest cinematic love story of all time.
GOOD The movie's funny at times and difficult at others, and ends absolutely perfectly. The best of the three.
GOOD Delpy and Hawke talk and talk and talk but it is all fascinating.
GOOD Like the Up series, a return to visit old friends
GOOD Making a movie with nothing more than smart dialogue and fine performances is a dying art, but Linklater, Hawke and Delpy remind us that it's a skill worth saving.
GOOD Before Midnight feels like the natural extension of the series, and will be everything fans of it could have hoped for.
FAIR The trouble with those first two film was their souffle-light scenarios...Here, however, things are much juicier as infidelity, commitment, divorce, resentment and all the other soul-sapping things that clock in when you hit your 40s come into play.
GOOD ...in the surprising third act, the film comes together as a plausible horror show of how good intentions and real affection can give way to vicious, realistic psychic combat. (
FAIR ...Before Midnight bears too few similarities to its thoroughly superior predecessors.
GOOD The release of each sequel is becoming an event, so it's particularly great to see Before Midnight not only meeting expectations but raising the bar.
FAIR Before Midnight is no romance. It's a horror movie.
GOOD Takes its traditional romantic tale into more insightful territories.
GOOD Hawk and Delpy know just how to get under your skin. Their onscreen alter egos fit like a glove, and witnessing their ageing, nagging, toying love is a true privilege.
GOOD What lifts Linklater's trilogy above your average dialogue-heavy indie is not just the intelligence of the conversation but its frankness and humor.
GOOD The 'Before' trilogy is a vacation for me. I am taken away, and it is never for long enough. I genuinely feel lucky to have these movies.
GOOD I'm not sure this is the end of Richard Linklater's 'Before' trilogy. It's perfection just as it is, but then again, Linklater has nine more years to work on the sequel.
GOOD Loving words mix with personal attacks, the magic moments with the unintended slights, as we witness the occasional desperation of imperfect people doing the best they can when life moves beyond meet-cute and courtship. That's authentic.
GOOD Linklater and his players bring an end to the fantasy and welcome the thrilling ups and bitter downs of reality to this love story.
GOOD The duo, clearly so comfortable in their characters' skin, indulge in intelligent banter, sharp humour and emotional truths.
GOOD So much better written than contemporary novels, this film is a literary as well as cinematic achievement to cherish. For grown-ups.
GOOD None of the films is faultless in itself, but, tinted with complementary tones, the complete cycle comes as close to perfection as any trilogy in cinema history.
GOOD It's been 18 years since Hawke, Delpy and Linklater introduced us to Jesse and Celine, and their story just gets richer, funnier and more punchy each time we see them. In 1995's Before Sunrise, they were idealistic 23-year-olds.
FAIR Hawke and Delpy are as believably real as any screen couple can ever be.
GOOD This is one of the few sequels for which the cliche 'eagerly awaited' is truly applicable.
GOOD Predictably, it's just as great as the first two.
FAIR By the end, Before Midnight inches towards a dawn of charm. But it's a troubled trip.
GOOD As an organic experiment in collaboration between actors and director, it is a triumph, co-created and co-owned by Delpy, Linklater and Hawke.
GOOD Hawke and Delpy, who are both credited on the script too, have never found co-stars to bounce off more nimbly or bring out richer nuances in their acting.
GOOD The performances and dialogue are wonderfully naturalistic; a reminder that the best special effects are often the cheapest.
GOOD Before Midnight is about the nature of long-term relationships, and the way love deepens and grows but also finds itself subject to the complications of maturity. Smart, insightful, and poignant.
GOOD For those who witnessed Jesse and Celine's tentative getting together as inter railing students almost twenty years ago, it's reassuring to see them still in love.
GOOD Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that perfectly complements the previous two films.
GOOD It remains as engaging, illuminating, honest and funny as its predecessor; here's hoping we revisit Jesse and Celine in another decade or so.
FAIR Harris and Phifer's chemistry lends the inevitable tragedies some genuine punch.
GOOD "Paid In Full" is not the kind of movie that George W. Bush will ever see.
FAIR Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
FAIR For a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre.
BAD The story is familiar from its many predecessors; like them, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay.
FAIR If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
FAIR This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences, though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times.
BAD Harris is supposed to be the star of the story, but comes across as pretty dull and wooden.
BAD A standard, run-of-the-mill drug drama.
BAD Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance.
BAD Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe.
FAIR Rings true, from the smooth dialogue to the unaffected performances of the central actors.
FAIR The movie is ambitious, has good energy and is well-acted, but tells a familiar story in a familiar way.
BAD In this bird's-eye-view of the drug trade circa 1986, there's something missing: the buyers.
BAD A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood, this movie strives to be more, but doesn't quite get there. Good performances keep it from being a total rehash.
FAIR Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
FAIR Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.
FAIR Suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
BAD It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
FAIR An intelligent crime drama, not because of the criminal activity it dramatizes but because of its powerful examination of the forces that drive criminals.
FAIR Though filmed partly in Canada, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years.
FAIR It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
FAIR ...does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices, good and ill, that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought.
FAIR Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks.
FAIR Uneven script, but strong performances by a powerhouse cast.
FAIR A strained but nevertheless involving little personal drama about a delinquent's alleged murderous deed. Schroeder's suspense piece is arbitrary but satisfying thanks to the reliable leads.
BAD Despite Meryl Streep, Liam Neeson and the usually estimable Edward Furlong, this nonevent huffs and puffs to attain even the level of an ordinary motion picture.
BAD fares poorly when constrained to the screen
GOOD A slight yet profound exploration of generational choices and our fear of living our parents' lives.
GOOD Sweet and fiercely humane, Song's layered family portrait is decidedly Buddhist: silent when it needs to be and steadfast about approaching inevitable tragedy with care and patience.
FAIR Death hangs over Song Fang's first feature, Memories Look at Me, but it's neither with grimness nor overt tragedy.
FAIR Watching Memories's like listening to the secrets of this family's history.
GOOD Muscular if overwrought drama with great performances.
FAIR Loose, rambling and sometimes rudderless as it is, "The Indian Runner" has a fundamental honesty that gives it real substance.
FAIR Penn surrounds his brothers with supporting characters who are so well-realized, I'll remember them as long as I remember the leads.
GOOD There has never been a picture like David O. Selznick's production of Gone With the Wind.
GOOD Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh create their own sizzle as Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara in a lavish four-hour epic that juxtaposes scenes of jaw-dropping majesty with moments of elegant intimacy and playful verbal jousting.
GOOD No one watches Gone with the Wind for historical accuracy. What keeps us coming back is four-hours of epic romance in gorgeous Technicolor.
FAIR Too clumsy a thing to be taken seriously, with its romanticisation of slavery and its problematic approach to rape, Gone With The Wind is nevertheless a work of considerable power.
GOOD Running to nearly four hours and boasting at least three directors, this epic American Civil War romantic drama is more of a symbol of the Hollywood studio system than a mere movie.
FAIR The performances of eternally glittering movie stars Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable ... exist in a league of their own, demanding rapt attention in scene after scene.
GOOD Ginormous in both scale and emotional wallop, MGM's epic is still a cinematic event to be savoured.
GOOD Brimming with colour and passion, it pulls its emotional kick from tremendous performances, not least from Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable as the love-hate lovers.
FAIR The golden standard for classic Hollywood bombast, this one.
FAIR If ever the phrase, "They don't make 'em like they used to" could fit a film, this is it.
GOOD The epic film that to this day stands as the benchmark against which all other epics are judged.
GOOD Gone with the Wind is still dated, but it's a dynamite kind of antiquity.
GOOD It's impossible not to be carried away by the rich arterial force of this storytelling.
GOOD Grand old Hollywood at its most magnificent and melodramatic. Say what you like about the soapy characterisation and plotting, the spectacle flattens all in its wake.
GOOD A lost Hollywood art: the epic melodrama.
GOOD Terrificly acted, staged and designed, Gone WIth the Wind remains one of the greatest period epics ever filmed.
GOOD Despite the star power of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable, Wind has lost some of its bluster, yet it survives as a glorious Technicolored window into America's dusty, bygone past.
GOOD It's so full of iconic moments of plotting and dialog that a feature film could be edited just out of the most quotable moments.
GOOD ...producer David O. Selznick's crowning achievement and a film that stands up as one of the screen's finest classics.
GOOD One of the classic films that defined American cinema, Gone With the Wind is a rare example of a collaboration involving hundreds of talents and egos that turned out great.
GOOD Never, never bores me. Glabe is fabulous!
FAIR Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara remain the greatest pairing of irresistible force and immovable object in Hollywood romance.
GOOD Treat yourself to one of the greatest cinematic experiences ever created.
GOOD The brilliant epitome of corporate filmmaking.
GOOD Often, older movies are a bit naive and unthreatening, but this movie is surprisingly fierce and somber.
GOOD Mind-boggling for the first time in a theater. Too bad that many, like me, see it first on TV.
GOOD It could be -- and should be -- viewed from a dozen different perspectives, but it is, above all, a story about adapting to the most challenging circumstances possible.
GOOD Clear an evening and indulge yourself in one of the few films that can justifiably be called an epic.
GOOD The best remembered and most publicized film in Hollywood's flamboyant history, the biggest of David O. Selznick's grand obsessions, and quite probably the most beloved movie of all time.
GOOD The passionate saga of Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler, played out against the flaming red backdrop of the Civil War, generates enough romance, historic drama and deep emotion to fuel a dozen great films.
GOOD Everything about it is big.
GOOD Victor Fleming's 60-year-old movie looks like it was shot this year.
FAIR What it loses in novelty and subtlety it makes up for in its earnest depiction of love and individual human decency in the face of societal cruelty.
FAIR Dealing with the Balkan wars, this ambitious and compassionate art film interweaves three stories (one set in London) that contrast the calm beauty of the Macedonian landscape with the harowing violence that erups within its borders.
FAIR Unfortunately not the masterpiece I hoped for, but still a thought-provoking trio of intertwined stories set in the war-torn Balkans.
GOOD Impecable.
FAIR Ostensibly a courtroom drama, Black or White is actually one of the most sensitive and intelligent introspections of American race relations in quite some time.
BAD Although the script lacks nuance or any real tension, Binder uses Costner effectively.
BAD It isn't enough that the movie's heart and soul are in the right place. It needed edge and art to throw a punch.
BAD Not the film America deserves, and it is also not the film America needs. But we got it anyway.
FAIR The script, written by director Binder, tries to say too much, and in doing so, loses some of its charm.
BAD We are left with a movie that raises more questions that it satisfactorily addresses.
FAIR Sorting through prejudices and nuances of racial perception occasionally takes Black or White into intriguing territory...[more often] a rather mushily obvious, TV-movie-style courtroom drama built on straw-man arguments.
BAD A family drama that shies away from any serious examination of racism in America
BAD A movie that means well but lacks the conviction and cultural awareness necessary for anything substantial.
FAIR Great cast reveals rough and sentimental journey; Jillian Estel as Eloise is amazing
BAD Binder's script is a big-screen soap opera, which he attempts to offset with often out-of-place humor.
FAIR Another subtle reminder of how much racial bigotry matters...
FAIR For the first two acts, Mike Binder casts an honest look at these characters' pride and prejudices. Too bad its last act hinges more on incident and surprise than illumination or self-reflection. It mars an otherwise admirably tough-minded drama.
BAD Its heart may be in the right place but the film's script lacks the nuance and subtlety that could really elevate this drama.
FAIR Kevin Costner's and Octavia Spencer's confrontational scenes are "Black or White's" strong suits.
FAIR Oh, the bathos! The loony wrongheadedness of the screenplay!
FAIR It's far from ground-breaking in its social statements, but Black or White is still a solid comedy/drama buoyed by good performances all around.
BAD A discussion is better than none, but the conversation can be improved.
BAD Black Or White asks the right questions, but never gets around to answering them, instead finding itself caught up in stereotypes and cutesy storytelling that often feels like a Hallmark message.
FAIR Black or White is far from perfect, but it's an ideal way to kick off a healthy discussion on race in America.
BAD Even when well-intentioned - which I believe this movie is - broad, sweeping, can't-we-all-just-get-along moralizing only opens the door for cringe-worthy moments, which this movie has plenty of.
FAIR Binder tackles some very tough material here in a very thoughtful way, even if it falls a little off-balance.
BAD Black or White seems manufactured to show why an alcoholic white man is always better than triflin' ass black people.
BAD Kevin Costner scowls and darts around the dubious thin line between "racism" and un-sugarcoated "truthfulness" that only anti-P.C. wingnuts actually believe exists.
FAIR Despite the best of intentions, a career-best performance from Kevin Costner, and outstanding work by Octavia Spencer and child actor Jillian Estell, "Black or White" succumbs to some of the same stereotypes it tries to dispel.
FAIR Black Or White is a good movie constantly fluctuating back and forth from clunky to complex.
FAIR It may be helpful - or vexing - to think of "Black or White" as the great grandchild of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?"
FAIR It's often painful, and not in a good way; it's painful because of the roads it doesn't explore, the shortcuts it takes, and the special pleading it can't stop itself from indulging in.
BAD No one seems to want to talk about [race], so Binder finds ways to force them to. Every time, those methods feel forced and unearned.
FAIR Sometimes flawed material can be saved by great performances and good intentions.
FAIR The film is by no means perfect and its goals are undermined by a sloppy climax and conclusion but it avoids preaching while providing fodder for thought.
BAD Kevin Costner gives everything he's got to the role, but writer-director Mike Binder, who worked beautifully with Costner on 2005's The Upside of Anger, finds himself on the downside of juggling stereotypes.
BAD The title suggests there are no easy answers. So why does everything feel so tidy?
GOOD Epic, intimate and gripping.
FAIR The mountaineers climb for reasons that have little to do with nationalism - reasons the film clumsily attempts to articulate in words. It's far more successful conveying those inspirations with stunning images of them scaling daunting heights.
FAIR It's Kolja Brandt's gloriously edge-of-the-seat/seat-of-the-pants cinematography (much of the film was shot on location) that really packs a natural wallop.
FAIR The images of the Eiger are both majestic and harrowing, and the action is as exciting as in any mountain-climbing movie to date.
GOOD I have no idea if anything beyond the essentials is accurate. A good deal of it feels more like a 1930s movie than a 1930s event
GOOD A straightforward, wickedly suspenseful Man vs. Nature saga of the type that rarely gets made any more.
FAIR Philipp Stolzl worked in the same dangerous conditions as the original climbers, and we can feel the chill and peril in our bones. It's a shame, then, that the screenwriter, unlike the camera crew and the characters, was afflicted with such timidity.
FAIR There's no subtext and not much character development, but those aren't really missed.
FAIR The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought. More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.
BAD Some of the plotting (credited to four screenwriters) is too conventional and convenient, and the clunky running time is a problem - two-plus hours of this material is too much.
FAIR With knuckles alternately white from suspense and black from frostbite, the alpinists get progressively harder to tell apart. But the most compelling character, for all its brutal enormity, always was the mountain.
FAIR The word "gripping" doesn't do it justice.
GOOD This white-knuckle adventure is a literal and metaphoric cliff-hanger that gets a spectacular foothold on an unforgiving mountain.
FAIR Some of the shots must have been made on sets. None of that matters. I was on the side of that mountain all the way.
FAIR Most of the action is set on the Eiger's north face, and because this true story is not well known in this country, I was gripped by the very real surprises that occurred there.
FAIR Although about 30 minutes too long, it is still interesting with phenomenal cinematography. It's an exhausting sit, but bring your parka.
FAIR The film puts us on the cruelly beautiful mountain alongside the climbers as they inch up treacherous limestone crags and unstable ice fields. The fear of falling is palpable.
FAIR Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no inner life of their own; they've been committeed to death.
FAIR You don't have to be a Nazi to be totally mesmerized by the intense drama on the Eiger: the nimble ascent, the calamities that befall our noble climbers, and the pitiable disasters.
FAIR Kolja Brandt's cinematography is stunning, but can't rescue the end from some wince-inducing "Ain't no mountain high enough" heroics.
GOOD Stolzl makes the smallest details loom large.
GOOD Ssuspenseful, meticulously crafted, harrowing and thrilling. It's an incredible true story about courage and the power of the human spirit.
FAIR It is impossible not to put yourself in the boots of the mountaineers clinging to a sheer, icy rock face during a blizzard that threatens to send them into oblivion.
BAD Kolja Brandt's hand-held cinematography and Philipp Stolzl's direction keep the suspense level high. Unfortunately, somebody decided to insert a superfluous love story involving a completely fabricated female photojournalist.
BAD for all the tension-fraught, high-altitude rappelling and cliffhanging, the screenplay has little to counterweigh its commitment to historical truth
FAIR Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.
FAIR Slogs through an hour of frequently rote exposition until it hits its riveting groove when the rappelling and piton-hammering take over.
GOOD A well-crafted, visceral piece of historical filmmaking.
BAD It's the snow-bound scenery that really steals the show.
GOOD Brilliantly shot, utterly convincing footage of young men inching up a vertical rock face proves nerve-racking and a worthy tribute to the true-life bravery of 1930s climbers. It's gripping and fascinating in equal measure.
FAIR Stolzl captures the period idealism and propaganda perfectly. The terrific footage of the climb is an almost unendurably tense watch.
FAIR Stolzl films their harrowing ordeal out on the "Murderwall" with tremendous skill, but the rest of his movie is lumpen to say the least.
BAD Let's hope Richard Gere never has to make another one this cheesy after his comeback in "Arbitrage."
FAIR I may have seen some things coming in the story, but it was nonetheless interesting to watch things play out.
FAIR You have to admire Brandt and Haas for taking such a gamble, but unfortunately it doesn't quite pay off.
FAIR It is a flawed film, but one that accomplishes what it sets out to do: entertain, if in fits and starts, for an hour and a half.
BAD the ineffectiveness of the final half hour ultimately ensures that The Double ends on a disappointingly anticlimactic note.
FAIR The type of professionally assembled star programmer a big studio would once release wide to a decent return in an off-peak season.
BAD With nothing resembling a character worth rooting for, the fact that the plot of The Double just gets sillier and sillier makes it one of the most annoying films of the year.
BAD Brandt's thriller doesn't have much of a connection to the present, let alone reality.
BAD Questionable motives and unbelievable decisions are relatively small potatoes compared with the Sputnik-size plotholes.
BAD Like a stripper who gets naked too quickly, the lukewarm spy thriller "The Double" lays out its big plot twist early in the movie - and soon finds, shivering, that it has nowhere else to go.
FAIR The title "The Double" doesn't refer to baseball, but it could. The thriller may not hit it out of the park, but it's a solid double.
BAD When the story starts to fall apart you're left wondering if the film was worth all the money and effort that went into making it.
BAD It's simply not very good.
BAD Here is a movie constructed from basic parts at the Used Screenplay Store, with a character plugged in whenever one is required.
BAD Generic, formulaic fumble, misjudging its revelations and overestimating their impact.
BAD Not only does The Double's outdated theme feel out of leftfield, it's unexplained and without reason.
BAD It soon devolves into a mess of slit throats and competing motives. Everyone, it seems, has a plot - except the screenwriters.
BAD What can you say about a dull spy thriller that gives away its big "secret'' both in its trailer and the film's title?
BAD If these characters ever had a motivation for their extreme behavior, it disappeared in rewrites.
BAD A tedious, impenetrable cat-and-mouse game involving Russian double and triple agents.
BAD There's a sanded-off, textbook creativity to "The Double" that forsakes rich cloak-and-dagger textures for generic twists, hackneyed flashbacks and telegraphed moments of peril.
BAD Despite similarities, this film is several rungs down the ladder from Salt and lacks the charisma of a lead like Angelina Jolie to pull you past nagging silliness.
BAD Movie packaging at its worst.
BAD ...hopelessly silly.
BAD Like a Training Day for spy thrillers, The Double provocatively pairs Gere and Grace as a gray-green odd couple, only to unravel as the double-crossed absurdities pile up and the duo start trading bad Russian accents in a private Mexican standoff.
BAD Rarely has Mr. Gere walked through any movie with so little energy and so much indifference.
BAD Too silly to be confusing and too flaccid to reach potboiler status, the convoluted spy-thriller The Double is a tossed-off theatrical release that lands with a resounding thud.
BAD I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish.
BAD The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller, with violent confrontations, gunfights, plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene.
BAD There's something heavy-handed, even for Sparks, in the telling of the couple's story, particularly when it comes to Dawson's family: they are leering, brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices.
FAIR A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation...
BAD The Best Of Me, like all Sparks' work, would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real, scarred relationship.
BAD Dawson is called a "white trash piece of (poo)" by his own daddy, which is rich, because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain, a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of (poo).
BAD Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation: always the same, always a bit different (but mostly the same).
FAIR You can sneer, but I don't care - the heart wants what it will, and my heart wants Sparks. So there.
BAD Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again, hoping his legion of fans don't notice the ruse, we've heard this Sparks song before.
BAD The film is a huge letdown due to the script. The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with.
BAD The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film.
BAD The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels, this is the epitome of disingenuous, manufactured and manipulative. The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial "A"-list lovebirds.
BAD "I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of 'The Notebook.'"
BAD Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden, violent.
FAIR A syrupy, sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise.
BAD It's a very silly film.
BAD Bad boy meets good girl, families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending.
BAD The sunlight is golden, the accent's rural (this one's set in Louisiana), people die, sagacious letters are read aloud.
BAD By the standards of other Sparks productions, this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along, and everyone's making the best of a fairly blah job.
BAD At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously.
BAD I don't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them. They pretty much suck. What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level.
BAD There's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself. The Best of Me treads all over that line.
BAD Predictability is The Best of Me's greatest sin. The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs, where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative.
BAD Cynical and lazy, The Best of Me feels as if it's assembled from parts of other, better weepies.
BAD Interminably long, dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings.
FAIR The Best of Me isn't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story, which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks' work.
BAD As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness.
BAD "The Best of Me" is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics. At this point, even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better.
BAD Like traditional pornography, The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction...
FAIR We've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past. I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher, less cliche-filled package.
BAD Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song.
BAD The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine.
BAD Even permitting that the movie's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks's more complicated scenarios, that makes his failure to draw up compelling, flawed, human characters all the more conspicuous.
BAD Isn't fate a funny thing? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up.
BAD The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks, but audiences can certainly choose better.
BAD It has a perverse integrity, playing every winsome stare and I'm-gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity.
FAIR the film offers Americans an empathetic glimpse of the country we revolted against all those years ago.
GOOD About more than Bosnia: it's about the immigrant experience; it's about tolerance; it's about making a difference; it's about learning to make the best of what one has.
FAIR People who actually recall 1942 will more greatly appreciate the waves of nostalgia that bathe this affectionate coming-of-age drama, set on a tiny island off New England.
FAIR In the early hijinks phase, the film seems like a dry run for Porky's, but it later gets into the business of fluttering curtains, walks on sandy beaches and longing glances.
GOOD "Summer Of '42" is an unforgettable meditation on sexual awakening and loss during WWII.
FAIR "Summer of '42" is a memory movie, written, directed and acted with such uncommon good humor that I don't think you'll be put off by its sweet soft-focus, at least until you start analyzing it afterwards.
GOOD One of the cinematic coming-of-age stories that started a trend.
FAIR Nostalgic coming-into-manhood fantasy.
FAIR Nostalgia is used as a distancing device -- to keep us safely insulated from the boy's immediate grief, love, and passion.
BAD Dates very badly indeed
FAIR It's apparent in every scene that this is a highly personal film for screenwriter Raucher, and the nostalgia is so palpable that it nearly slides off the screen.
BAD Lacking the faith in God and Hollywood kitsch that motivated Cecil B. DeMille, Ridley Scott's modern-day Bible epic is much less gripping than any movie with plagues of frogs and boils ought to be.
FAIR There's no arguing the immensity of it or the beauty of its visual images. But what's around the many show-stopping moments is too generic to send us out of the theater properly awestruck, reverent and wowed.
BAD I found myself longing for the clarity of Darren Aronofsky's recent Noah, which acknowledged the insane implications of its story by putting rock monsters (fallen angels!) on the screen.
FAIR Exodus: Gods and Kings is by no means a perfect film. But it's a very good film with exceptional devotion to craft, which is more than can be said for many other Bible-themed movies, which often favor accuracy over artistry.
BAD It's a story that has been told and retold for thousands of years, but this po-faced, dutifully spectacular retelling barely lingers in the memory beyond the end credits.
BAD Walk on the bland side in a comic book of biblical proportions.
BAD This sour Moses - whose visions come after a biff on the head - emerges as a certifiable lunatic who gets lucky with a few meteorological, geographical and zoological anomalies.
FAIR Despite the always-commanding Bale as Moses, the emotional side of this story is lacking.
FAIR Ridley Scott's biblical epic "Exodus: Gods and Kings" is by turns fascinating and infuriating, exciting and tedious, head-scratching and inspiring.
BAD Yes, there is spectacle, although the initially promising parting of the Red Sea is almost drowned by waves of climactic silliness.
FAIR The excitement is dampened by a draggy middle where Moses gets married and a tedious epilogue, but Scott's keen ability to explain scripture miracles in credible terms is this biblical blockbuster's major asset.
FAIR Ultimately, it's a determinedly un-ironic biblical epic which may have no time for laughs but shows a keen capacity to tell a decent story well.
BAD The assortment of four credited writers charged with getting Exodus whipped into shape did an alarmingly terrible job of it.
BAD It's sad to say that the most interesting aspects of this film don't actually occur on the screen.
FAIR From a visual perspective, Scott has created a picture that, at times, can take your breath away, but he loses sight of the more intimate, idiosyncratic elements that should elevate and humanise this narrative.
FAIR In a world still being torn apart by religious conflict, the film does have a resonance beyond the grand visual sweep that Scott can always be relied upon to deliver.
BAD Just another disappointingly so-so Scott production - more Kingdom of Heaven than Gladiator.
FAIR Exodus feels like a missed opportunity.
GOOD Trust Ridley Scott to give us a bold, revisionist take on the foundation story of three major world religions.
FAIR Whether it's Ramses losing half his army in a horrific landslide or vast, sweeping panoramas of the Pharaoh's Egypt in all its blood-built glory, Exodus is an entertainment of the first order.
BAD the film's racial issues only make it seem that much leaden, unimaginative, and old-fashioned
FAIR Scott once seemed divine. Look on [Exodus], ye mighty, and despair.
FAIR Aside from impressive 21st century digital effects, this new take on the Moses story pales in comparison to Cecil B. DeMille's iconic 1956 version, The Ten Commandments, which is far more resonant and intensely dramatic.
FAIR It's in the spectacle elements that Scott's film thrives, and of his recent big-budget mediocrities, Exodus is probably the best.
BAD How do you screw up the parting of the Red Sea? How does Ridley Scott?
BAD Production Stands Tall, Story Washed Out
BAD Exodus frequently feels like it is running down a checklist of scenes and events rather than telling a natural story.
BAD The film's emotional component hinges on Moses leaving his wife and young son for a long and dangerous journey. But what you'll remember best is all the smiting.
BAD His direction snaps to life in the big moments, which have an energy and drive missing from the rest of the movie.
BAD Even Christian Bale's noteworthy performance can't save the fact that Exodus: Gods and Kings never finds a proper pace thanks to its offbeat storytelling.
GOOD 'Exodus: Gods and Kings' is spectacular.
FAIR Ridley Scott only barely manages to pull this off by playing the spectacle card with 'Exodus: Gods and Kings.'
BAD Galifianakis [is] able to turn on a dime; balancing his disarming humour with moments of anguished outbreaks. His is one of the best supporting performances of recent memory; equally funny and heartbreaking. If only I could say the same of the movie.
FAIR For all its problems, though, the film is easy-going, frequently channels into a sweet-natured tone and is able to raise a few chuckles.
BAD It may not be One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but it's also not Patch Adams.
BAD It's also a kind of two-dimensional romance, a kind of flippant look at life on a mental ward, and (...) kind of made me want to give Zach Galifianakis a hug.
FAIR It's Kind of a Funny Story lacks substance, but after you've spent a short time in this ward, you have to agree with Craig: These crazies aren't so bad.
FAIR Wavering between affecting dramedy and goofy asylum- com, this is an enjoyable but superficial placebo that soft-soaps the realities of psychological disorder.
BAD [A] flimsy, box-ticking quirk fest.
BAD As a self-help sitcom, it feels both glib and icky. Glicky?
BAD In the end, like the instantly-forgettable title, it's kind of neither one thing nor the other and certainly no match for the likes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest or even Girl, Interrupted.
BAD No it's not. It's kind of a rubbish story.
BAD As disposable as a paper cup and, for such promising directors, a serious regression.
GOOD It's a fine teen film - and how often do you see those words in the same sentence?
FAIR A pleasant movie, but no more.
BAD It kind of isn't.
GOOD In the end, the title of the film contains an irony that may be lost on the filmmakers: this is kind of a funny story, no more, no less.
BAD Has a genuine understanding of the protagonist, but ends up betraying him.
FAIR It's a neat comedy without being a neat and tidy comedy.
FAIR The journey is aided immeasurably by the casting of Keir Gilchrist as young Craig. He has dark, sensitive eyes and a probity about him that wins you to his side.
GOOD Here is the most uplifting, quirky film I've seen in a long time. It brought me joy.
FAIR Writing and directing partners Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck have come up with a smart little film, a gentle drama with both an embraceable tone and a refreshing optimism.
FAIR Even though the film is somewhat mopey, it's also packed with great moments.
FAIR kind of funny, kind of touching, kind of moving, kind of odd, kind of quirky, and kind of lots of other thing, but, it's never fully anything
BAD The people most out of touch with reality are not those onscreen, but the people behind the camera who think this film is a reflection of coping with depression.
FAIR Enjoyable comedy/drama with an engaging script, appealing characters, a superb soundtrack and terrific central performances from Keir Gilchrist and Zach Galifianakis.
BAD The title of 'best movie ever set in a mental hospital' remains firmly secure with 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.'
GOOD ...sort of upper-middle class Precious, an emo flick for self-indulgent white kids who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf.
FAIR Low-key adolescent angst, marred by the type of brief fantasy shots and sequences (the characters as rock stars, lip-synching 'Under Pressure') that have become a let's-go-for-an-easy-laugh crutch for filmmakers.
FAIR Zach G.is the next Bill Murray.
FAIR It's a less anguished, much funnier 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest'...
FAIR ...able to honestly juggle mental illness and a sense of hope.
GOOD A rich and unusual film that really defies categorization.
FAIR The writing-directing team of Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden have created a solid mix of serious, darker scenes and flights of fancy.
FAIR The acting is strong, with Galifianakis doing an especially good job as the likeable Bobby.
FAIR Is that the best approach to take about a subject as heady as mental illness, especially at a time when there are more kids on Zoloft than Flintstones? chewables?
BAD Where?s Nurse Ratched when you really need her?
FAIR Call it "Cuckoo Light" with a PG 13-appropriate amount of angst and just enough laughs and creativity to keep your attention.
FAIR It?s no "One Flew Over the Cuckoo?s Nest," but this little dramedy about life in a Brooklyn psych ward has its small charms.
FAIR Contrived though the situation may sound, Akers orchestrates it with style
FAIR A rollicking paean to the musical that owes as much to Hollywood as it does to Bollywood.
GOOD Wristcutters: A Love Story is like a suicidal Wizard of Oz.
BAD It is a staggeringly awful road movie, not much enlivened by the presence of Tom Waits as a wizened participant.
FAIR The purgatorial premise is pleasingly eccentric but, in the end, Wristcutters falls victim to its washed-out mood, and limps bloodlessly to a close.
BAD A dreary, self-consciously quirky indie flick that seems to go on forever, despite an economical running time.
BAD Veering from witty to occasionally trite, Wristcutters: A Love Story has plenty of originality on its side, but never manages to be more than the sum of its self-consciously quirky parts.
FAIR A little self-consciously kooky but with an ace soundtrack that combines gypsy punksters Gogol Bordello with real-life plug-pullers this sure beats putting your head in the oven.
FAIR Dark subject matter, but Goran Dukic's film is whimsical and determinedly optimistic about life.
FAIR For the better part of the journey this a bizarrely uplifting yarn - razor sharp, you might say.
BAD Opportunities to comment on the ethical grey areas of suicide are mostly squandered and, as the pointless digressions begin to pile up, your mind begins to drift from the action on screen.
GOOD Enjoyably quirky black comedy that's clearly destined to become a cult movie amongst the Gothic contingent.
FAIR Despite being occasionally hilarious, director Goran Dukic should have toned down the wackiness.
BAD Another indie director more interested in style than substance.
BAD If you're going to make a comedy about suicide, you'd better make sure the jokes land. There are people out there who could use a laugh.
FAIR It has 'midnight movie' written all over it.
FAIR Wristcutters is a small film of ambitions nicely scaled to the performances and story. Who knew that affectless characters could be so oddly affecting?
FAIR Wristcutters opens with what proves to be its best scene, one that could stand alone as a brilliant short subject.
GOOD The vision of life after death varies between the religious and the non-religious, the optimists and the pessimists and the believers and non-believers. There are few after-life stories, though, as unique and humorous as this.
FAIR All this sounds rather grim, and indeed it is -- but this backward Heaven Can Wait is also, thanks to [director] Dukic's inventive imagination, surprisingly involving and ultimately sweet.
FAIR Wristcutters is a cut above most low-budget American indies, with something original to say about the human condition and an artful way of saying it.
BAD Goran Dukic's film starts off seeming hip and funky and dark, but almost immediately runs out of steam. It feels like a short carelessly padded to feature length.
BAD The future of Wristcutters as a cult favorite is less assured. Rather than benefiting from repeated viewings, the movie's charm is pretty much spent after the first half hour.
FAIR We witness the birth of a new genre, the Post-Slasher Movie.
FAIR Croatian filmmaker Goran Dukic's debut feature turns out to be a sweetly grim lark: a road film through Limbo.
FAIR ...more whimsical and charming than you would ever expect from a picture about suicide.
FAIR Though it goes a bit wonky toward the end and seems to travel a very long way to drive home a rather simple point, Wristcutters: A Love Story remains a wonderfully evocative experience.
BAD Almost 40 years ago Easy Rider established that road trips can make great independent films. Or at least cheap ones. But when booking a room inside the pearly gates, cheap may not be exactly what you're looking for.
BAD Screenwriter/director Goran Dukic can't quite decide on a tone. The film is at times lighthearted, almost effervescent, and then it's so dark that it becomes depressingly bleak.
FAIR Wristcutters is quite a bit darker than most mainstream romantic comedies. As you might not expect, it's also quite a bit more inventive and far wittier than most mainstream romantic comedies.
GOOD Goran Dukic, working from a short story by Etgar Kiret, has fashioned a life-after-death that is both somber and silly.
BAD The witless Wristcutters holds all the fascination of a train wreck. Youa(TM)ll stay in your seat just to see if ita(TM)ll get any worse, and you wona(TM)t be disappointed.
BAD Immature ideas amateurishly executed ...
FAIR The mumblecore dialogue can be annoying, but along with the excellent score, it actually serves this tense haziness well.
FAIR A slow but sure essay on the strengths and weaknesses of love and possession.
FAIR Takal has a gift for dialogue and for character, the latter especially strong when it comes to Genevieve.
BAD As the narrative lugubriously sticks to the documented events, we are served nothing more than a filmed transcript.
BAD It's well-constructed and acted, but mainly just left me feeling like I needed a shower after an exercise in voyeurism surrounding an event that's still hard to watch.
BAD Even if you can forgive [director] Piddington's mangling of the basics, you will find it hard to overlook his frantic use of slo-mo, a wobbly camera, freeze frames, double exposures and a close-up of a single eye.
FAIR Though the psychic space Piddington and Ball create is certainly a terrifyingly claustrophobic place to be, it's also stultifying and banal in the way other people's crazed obsessions become after a very short while.
BAD The only revelations in The Killing of John Lennon are those we could have picked up ourselves, assuming we cared enough to do so.
FAIR Only slightly better than Chapter 27, it's questionable whether even the most morbidly curious John Lennon fan might have any interest in sitting through nearly two hours of this creepy lunatic.
FAIR Piddington does a beautiful balancing act, creating a movie that works both on the level of suspense and as a detailed factual chronicle.
FAIR Andrew Piddington's devastating re-enactment of events leading up to, including and immediately after the murder is taken from interviews, depositions and court transcripts.
BAD Piddington never dares to diagnose Chapman's rage, settling for Wikipedia-style objectivity dressed in the more fatuous-than-provocative manner of Robinson Devor's Zoo.
BAD Charting Chapman's relationship with The Catcher in the Rye to being quizzed after the murder, this is an engrossing study - but paper thin.
BAD It features actor Jonas Ball looking more or less like the famed police mugshot, lumbering about with Chapman's own interminable (but avowedly authentic) prison-diary ramblings recited in voiceover.
BAD The makers of this tasteless and generally bleak recreation of Chapman's life in the three months before the killing just didn't get it. The man who shot the ex-Beatle deserves to rot unforgotten in his six by ten, not have films made about him.
FAIR There's a feeling of eerie otherworldliness and the murder itself is relished in detail, however the film does lack overall impact
BAD Chapman was on a simple, skewed quest for infamy. And he got it. One gathers he'd be chuffed to see this film. And that's the biggest issue of all.
GOOD Unlike shabby exploitation docu-dramas such as Bundy, this is an honest meditation on the warped assassin and his motives and assumes the tension of a thriller as the appointed time approaches.
GOOD A transfixing recreation of the events that shocked the world.
BAD Tense until the murder, but Piddington assumes we all care as much about Chapman as he does.
GOOD Piddington has pulled off a delicate balancing act, presenting Chapman as an explosive by-product of our celebrity-obsessed times, while resisting the temptation to validate Chapman's own elaborate self-mythologising.
FAIR not mean to be taken seriously
BAD [The characters] aren't people; they're mere objects to stick in front of the flowing lava.
BAD Movie bombs L.A. with lava, audience with stupidity
BAD The special effects are impressive and the acting by Jones and Heche is good, although their roles didn't require much skill or inspiration.
FAIR The film, about a volcano erupting in downtown Los Angeles, is helped immeasurably by veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has enough charm and charisma to rescue just about any movie. He needs it all to save this one.
FAIR On its own escapist terms, Volcano dishes up a textbook serving of low-I.Q., high-energy entertainment.
FAIR The action, the effects and tough-as-nails Tommy Lee provide a worthwhile thrill ride -- even if the last drop wasn't as big as you thought it would be.
FAIR gives us the bare minimums needed for a story and then lets the lava flow
FAIR The coast may be toast, but it's the lava, covering everything like a malevolent tide of melted butter, that makes this a disaster picture that's tastier than usual.
BAD There's no real suspense here 'cause you don't care about anyone.
BAD I don't want to pay $7.50 to watch a movie imitate CNN.
BAD Oh, there's nothing like a natural disaster to bring people together!
BAD Hundreds of screen technicians obviously slaved on the effects -- and for what? A dopey subplot about a bogus arrest. Soap opera involving Jones' injured daughter.
BAD Volcano is an embarrassment, albeit one of the so-bad-it's-kinda-good variety.
GOOD These things can be done well or badly, and Volcano goes full steam ahead.
FAIR More about spectacle than suspense, a very impressive production which is easier to enjoy from a detached distance than it is to get caught up in.
BAD Like the substantially better Twister, this film insists on a thunderous, exhausting pace that inevitably becomes deflating.
BAD Volcano is an absolutely standard, assembly-line undertaking; no wonder one of the extras is reading a paperback titled "Screenwriting Made Easy."
BAD A ridiculous script and mediocre special effects mar this ludicrous disaster pic.
FAIR Memorable? Hardly, but the main actors are worth seeing, and that first act has so much promise it almost makes you want to forgive them for blowing the second.
FAIR This is one of the best pure disaster movies ever made (not that it has much competition). Congratulations to director Mick Jackson for a job well done.
BAD A host of characters is introduced in the opening scenes, but Volcano doesn't know what to do with them. It can't make us care.
FAIR The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest doesn't exactly give the Millennium trilogy the explosive send-off it deserves, and stacked against the other two movies in the series, it's perhaps the weakest story of the three.
GOOD This film ends up being more of a courtroom drama, and yet it's almost as equally thrilling as the first film in the series.
FAIR Unlike its two predecessors, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest boasts a briskly-paced opening half hour that proves effective at immediately drawing the viewer into the movie...
FAIR For me the most deadening aspect of these films is the presence of Michael Nykvist as Blomqvist; he seems to have a personality by-pass, and remains expressionless at all times, no matter what's going on.
BAD The best thing that can be said about the excruciatingly dull, badly made closing chapter in this punishingly bad Swedish crime trilogy is that it really whets the appetite for the upcoming American version.
GOOD Seeing the first two films -- The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire -- will make the third film more satisfying.
BAD Lisbeth Salander, played by Noomi Rapace, spends most of the story constrained -- first in the hospital, then in prison. What fun is that?
BAD The third and final entry in Stieg Larsson's enormously successful series is perhaps the least thrilling, but it's easily the most satisfying.
GOOD Finale of dark subtitled Swedish trilogy still very violent.
FAIR Semi-satisfying, if you can keep up.
GOOD The gap between this and Dragon Tattoo is pretty big -- this won't be on my '10 Best' list and Tattoo might -- but as the rest of the story, it does nicely.
FAIR While the events are fascinating and entertaining, the film itself is less emotionally involving or viscerally thrilling.
BAD Much of it still plays like bad Thomas Harris...
GOOD A pick-up after the second film, if not as assured as the first. Rapace sets a high watermark for Rooney Mara in David Fincher's remakes.
BAD One final course of Europudding that may leave audiences feeling less satisfied than simply tired and bloated.
BAD A more apt title would be 'The Girl Who Sat Quietly in a Dimly Lit Room'.
BAD This is the most disappointing end to a trilogy since Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3.
FAIR Anyone who has invested in the trilogy will savour the mixture of dread and anticipation as the cat-and-mouse game reaches a stirring conclusion.
BAD A bunch of evil old men get their comeuppance in 'The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,' but the girl who messes with their nest does hardly anything at all.
BAD The third and worst of Stieg Larsson's trilogy is poorly directed, under-energised and unthrilling.
GOOD A compelling mix of 70s-style conspiracy thriller, courtroom procedural and psychological drama...
GOOD The powerful performances by the leads, unobtrusive direction that is exemplified in a beguiling courtroom clash, and Larsson's deftly interwoven fabric of treachery and compassion all ensure that we are left yearning for more.
BAD As well as being conventional, The Girl Who Kicked is also confusing, dull and grubby (do we really need to see examples from a child-porn site?).
BAD Is the Millennium Trilogy over? Can we go home?
BAD The Girl Who Makes Us Wish We Were Anywhere Else.
FAIR The final film based on Stieg Larsson's bestselling thriller trilogy opens with a whimper but ends with a bang.
GOOD As ever, Rapace steals every scene she's in, maintaining Lisbeth's moody enigma whether she's lying on her sick bed, making a memorable court entrance in full punk regalia, or taking care of family business.
FAIR This remains watchable thanks to Nyqvist and Rapace but the lacklustre direction, lack of pace and bloated script ensure that it's closer to the mediocre nature of the second film than the brilliance of the first.
GOOD ...could be read as the passion of Lisbeth Salander, as she undergoes a kind of secular crucifixion at the hands of the Swedish establishment ...
FAIR It's enough to see Rapace's Salander smile, however tentatively, however briefly, however unlikely. Those white teeth framed by black-on-black everything? They bite.
FAIR The series is quite satisfying as a whole, in the manner of the type of well-made, limited-episode crime program that might appear on AMC or HBO.
BAD The Matrix: Revolutions of the Millennium Trilogy.
BAD While Rapace remains a strong and captivating actress in the title role, the film is remarkably bad. In fact, it's easily one of the year's worst movies. Boring beyond belief.
BAD The Millennium Trilogy follows a similar pattern as The Matrix Trilogy, and that's not a compliment.
FAIR The European equivalent of The Matrix Revolutions, this third chapter finds a once-vibrant saga largely coasting on the fumes of its well-regarded predecessors.
BAD When your series' most compelling character remains mute and largely on the periphery of the action (albeit all decked out in punker regalia, including a big Mohawk), something is seriously amiss.
FAIR This 148-minute movie is best appreciated if you have already watched the first two movies or read the books. It is not intended to be a standalone film. Neophytes will find themselves lost and confused without sufficient background to fully appreciate...
BAD Cute but uneven. Best for dog lovers.
FAIR If you've followed the previous Shiloh films, then you'll be satisfied, if not overjoyed, by this final chapter.
BAD If you are new to the series, I would suggest your starting with the original Shiloh, so far, the best in show.
BAD Offers exactly what you've come to expect from the series: Bland but wholly innocuous family entertainment featuring a cute kid and an even cuter dog.
FAIR Wilson ... makes this film, via grit of detail, a bit more than a Hallmark Special Retro Disney Walton sermon in values.
BAD Boring as porridge.
BAD An OK kids movie passing through on the way to video.
BAD You won't find the pragmatic intelligence of Naylor's original stories here, but even cynics may be touched by the film's remarkably wholesome lessons about friendship, family and forgiveness.
GOOD It's a family film that deals with real problems and teaches real values, and yet is exciting and entertaining.
BAD If Sandy Tung's film had flavor, it might taste like a week-old bagel.
FAIR Saving Shiloh is touching, intelligent and admirably thoughtful.
BAD ... has more respect for the intelligence of the title dog than its audience.
BAD Two major issues here: The boy, Marty (Jason Dolley), is a patronizing do-gooder, and the dog, a beagle-looking fella, doesn't do much that's special.
GOOD An absorbing insight into the life of one of the industry's mot renowned, and elusive stars.
BAD There are some pleasing touches, but this film is a frustrating experience.
GOOD The pre-noir gangster genre was in many ways defined by the innovative approaches taken by Hawks in this film.
GOOD The greatest gangster movie of the 1930s -- and that means the greatest ever.
GOOD [The police chief] endorses the myth of the west while conceiving the urban gangster as a rat-like menace.
GOOD Completely relevant: Citizens complain that access to technologically more efficient guns is partly to blame for the crime wave; they fret over illegal immigrants; they worry that the 'new breed' of criminal is more uncivilized than its predecessor...
GOOD Atmospheric, mesmerising and darkly humourous with a sizzling script and cast. This is a true classic of its genre.
GOOD Paul Muni goes way over the top as Tony Camonte, painting a picture of a gangster who knows nothing but excess, and who will stop at nothing to get his way.
GOOD The slaughter in Scarface, the Shame of a Nation, the Howard Hughes gangster production... is like that of a Shakespearean tragedy
GOOD Hawks displays balls of steel, using the filmic medium to challenge the free reign of mobsters in the 1930's.
GOOD The quintessential crime thriller. One of the few perfect films.
GOOD The quintessential classic gangster picture.
GOOD a potent, uncompromising and de-romanticized portrait of the gangster life
GOOD Scarface is unquestionably one of the greatest talking American movies ever made, and has been terribly underrated all through this century.
GOOD One of Hawks's undisputed masterpieces, and a landmark in the screen depiction of gangsters.
GOOD Convoluted but absorbing.
GOOD A thoroughly enjoyable murder mystery in the classic style.
GOOD Superb production with memorable Sinise performance in title role.
GOOD An excellent biopic anchored by a marvelous job by Sinise.
FAIR Its Cliffs Notes approach to the source biography gets a big boost from star Gary Sinise.
GOOD Cynical and raunchy comedy for adults only.
BAD Unfortunately, the tender observations Zwigoff and Clowes specialize in are largely missing from Art School Confidential, which spends its energy on the zany people who'd usually pepper the edges of their films.
BAD It's too crass to be a plausible satire, and not funny enough to be a dumb comedy.
GOOD It's the work of two misanthropes in an even worse mood than usual.
GOOD An ingenious satire of the pretentious mindset of the elitist art world from the perspective of a rapidly-disillusioned kid who had no idea what he was getting into.
FAIR ...generally comes off as nothing less than a substantial disappointment.
BAD The few characters we might have cared for become increasingly shallow, and it all lapses into cliches about the relationship between art and infamy, between personal integrity and selling your soul, and so on.
BAD The true merit of the movie is the momentary pleasures of the dialogue and the performances, but the story itself leaves you wanting. So, is it art? Looks like it.
BAD Has the makings of a mediocre, after-school sitcom
FAIR Art School Confidential s'avere une autre belle reussite pour les deux artistes [Zwigoff et Clowes] qui, esperons-le, collaboreront a nouveau dans un avenir rapproche.
FAIR This smarty-pants campus yarn is on fire with satire.
FAIR Director Terry Zwigoff and comic book artist-turned-screenwriter Daniel Clowes follow up their Ghost World success with a less satisfying collaboration.
FAIR Ita(TM)s fine that this film feels uncomfortable indulging the shopworn tropes of coming-of-age story or black comedy or romance or mystery thriller, but, well, ambivalence is self-propagating.
BAD Rather than observing the intimate details that make an Art School project special, the filmmakers opt to focus on Art School partying (i.e., drinking and vomiting) instead.
FAIR Well-meaning, but ultimately flawed.
BAD This has the feel of a beginner's film and has some fun moments and a good performance by John Malkovich, but overall does not have enough to keep it going.
GOOD Zygoff and Clowes do get the most out of their first-rate cast and prove that hollow laughs are far superior to no laughs at all.
BAD In almost any medium, Art School Confidential would draw a failing grade.
FAIR It's a sardonic, subversive, heavy-handed black comedy, painting a nasty picture.
GOOD Bitter, flawed, a bit sophomoric, but compelling in a way that better balanced cinematic efforts rarely are.
FAIR ...a sort of John Hughes revamp of Fritz Lang's 'Scarlet Street' (another film in which sexual desire leads a struggling painter down a path of death and stolen artistic identity).
FAIR ...if the lack of chemistry between the leads and the glued-together nature of the plot bring the movie down, they don't totally extinguish its subversive spirit.
BAD "Art School Confidential," compared to Zwigoff's other masterpieces "Ghost World" and "Crumb," is a paint-by-numbers picture.
BAD If you're an art student, you'll probably buy the movie on DVD and rub it all over your body.
GOOD Their humor comes not from a need to be loved or a need to win awards, but rather straight from an acute awareness of the world's follies.
FAIR No matter which is the real imitator, life or art, Art School Confidential does its own fine job skewering both.
BAD The film loses its way with multiple subplots, becoming a hodgepodge that isn't particularly hard to follow, but, far worse, provides no compelling reason to bother.
BAD The movie has no supportive theme or rhythm, nothing to bind its dotty patches together.
BAD This tale of a naive young student who is thrown to the arrogant wolves at an art school comes off as both insecure and insincere. I often didn't believe it, and I wasn't sure the creators really believed it either.
BAD A movie with the odd, tired joke about art and artists, a college romance that isn't romantic, and a plot twist that doesn't twist at all.
BAD It feels deflated, disgruntled and pathetic.
BAD The film is so busy working hard to convict one rather shady character, it never convinces us of its own reason to exist.
BAD The acting occasionally borders on great. The story itself is more than worthy. But none of that comes close to overcoming the misguided pacing and overall lack of depth.
FAIR A somewhat flawed yet ultimately satisfying thriller.
BAD A story that's overloaded with research and unbridled speculation, all told with no clear direction.
FAIR The end result is intriguing, with a dash of a love story here and a twisty whodunit there. A fine performance by Ryan Gosling glues the mishmash together.
FAIR All Good Things isn't a pleasurable film to experience, but it offers an uncanny evocation of a narcissistic sociopath who doesn't come at us with the charm and sophistication that the typical screen bad guy has.
FAIR All Good Things is a crackerjack crime thriller.
BAD Ryan Gosling is sadly miscast as the villain in this poorly-written drama.
FAIR Jarecki never settles on what kind of story he wants to tell with these elements, and despite good performances, "All Good Things" veers awkwardly from love story to tragedy, from true-life mystery to black comedy.
BAD There's a fascinating story here for a bolder filmmaker, but after so much meandering it's a relief that All Good Things must come to an end.
FAIR One can't help but think that veteran documentarian Jarecki chose to rework this material as drama to benefit his career, not the story. The result is a disjointed art film that opts for ambiguity over clarity...
BAD Jarecki knows how to make scenes of boisterous family reunions and quiet moments between lovers engaging: He fares less well, though, when the story takes a dark turn.
GOOD ...a movie suspended between bold novelistic invention and journalistic reserve. Be it demerit or credit, Jarecki is no Truman Capote and All Good Things is no In Cold Blood.
FAIR Dunst shines brightly and puts on an acting showcase worthy of awards recognition in the supporting actress category. The picture loses its luster when her character disappears.
FAIR All Good Things is curiously underwhelming.
FAIR While the acting is superb and the film worth viewing, in this odd straddle between fact and fiction, the filmmakers miss the chance to bring more fictive power to the tale.
BAD a rather meticulously-detailed period piece that fails almost completely to offer up any human interest in its pursuit of human truth.
FAIR It also feels like one man's attempt to try another in the court of cinema, or perhaps correct the course of justice itself.
BAD Beset with a series of miscalculated dramatic misfires, the film is a melodramatic adaptation of a tabloid-style 20/20 murder-mystery, wearyingly overstuffed with baroque detail in an effort to prop up its legitimacy.
FAIR In his first fictional feature, [Jarecki ] can't decide whether to opt for the open-ended inquiry of a non-fiction film or the resolved storytelling of Hollywood genre movie, so he winds up stranded in between.
FAIR The second half is at once unconventional and straightforward -- the former because of the actual content, the latter in terms of structure in which it's presented.
BAD Gosling and co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Frank Langella don't do anything wrong here but the movie is such a mash-up of tones, fiction, and reality that it never comes together into anything coherent.
GOOD Kirsten Dunst is so good here as a woman at a loss to understand who her husband really is, and what the true nature of his family involves.
FAIR Too bad it's not a doc, which might have revealed the secrecy and confusion that led to such a legendary case remaining unsolved.
BAD You never feel you can trust that Jarecki knows what he's doing, which becomes even more problematic when the movie asks us to believe its theory about an unsolved crime.
FAIR "All Good Things" has the eerie power of a nightmare.
FAIR As excellent as Gosling is - and the actor conveys the stillness of the man as well as the voices screaming in his head - Dunst matches him stride for stride.
FAIR It's a strange, thrilling tale begrimed by bad memories, by bad deeds.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Dunst is not the only person doing quality work in "All Good Things," but she is the only one worth watching.
FAIR You watch it wanting to scurry off to read accounts of the real thing, rather than being caught up in the filmmaking.
FAIR beneath the surface are all kinds of questions about power and wealth and the cyclical nature of familial tragedy, and while they break through from time to time, it is never enough to give the film more depth than a TrueTV documentary
FAIR Fascinating study of criminal justice in the crumbling Nazi empire of 1944.
BAD It crouches but -- alas -- never springs.
FAIR ...unabashed fantasy...
GOOD I LOVE this movie. Bad sequels take away from the original.
FAIR Surprisingly not-awful cable-flick action-fest!
FAIR Whatever the political undercurrent at work, every so often you have to remind yourself that this happened to four young men, no doubt the brightest stars of loving families.
GOOD Peter Berg is effectively offering four Rambos for the price of one - the Seals' bullet-whistling gunfight scenes are a combination of Saving Private Ryan on a ridge, Heat on a hill and Open Range out in the open. Bang, bang, bang! And bang again!
BAD Lone Survivor comes off as a celebration of the martyred American soldier, that myth that makes it that much easier for old men to send young men to their deaths.
FAIR Knowing the outcome tends to lessen the intensity of the well-shot action sequences.
FAIR Encontra seus melhores momentos em suas sequencias de acao.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR The most harrowing combat film since Saving Private Ryan.
FAIR Small in scale but just as intense, Lone Survivor's extended battle recalls the opening of Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan. like its hardy protagonists, is determined to get the job done.
GOOD If there's one major message at the core of Peter Berg's outstanding, realistic, fact-based war film it's that no amount of new-fangled military technology can take away from the brutality and human cost of frontline fighting.
GOOD If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character, the movie has a fighting chance at the box office - and this one became a hit.
FAIR It will be remembered for its bone-breaking, blood-splattering, white-knuckle skirmish - not for its performances, characters, plot or dialogue. On this level, it works.
FAIR For all its flaws it is both a gripping action thriller and an unforgettable depiction of the cold realities of war. My first reaction after seeing it was a simple one: this must be how it was. It may be the highest tribute I can pay.
BAD ...a disappointing, underwhelming actioner from Peter Berg...
FAIR A portrayal of strict military excellence and grueling physical performances, to which Mark Wahlberg brings his best game.
GOOD Captures the raw intensity of combat and carnage on both sides of the battlefront, and the heroics that forge an indelible spirit in combat
FAIR Lone Survivor sticks pretty closely to the facts, has real momentum and a series of impressive action sequences
FAIR While the violence is horrifying, the encasing narrative is perversely "heroic", with corn-fed dialogue presented as solidly non-ironic, and images of the real-life combatants used to stirring, manipulative ends.
FAIR An occasionally smart script - and four excellent actors - keep the project grounded.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible. It's not a very nice film. But it is a splendidly effective one.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible. It's not a very nice film. But it is a splendidly effective one.
BAD The relentless intensity quickly grows numbing.
BAD Replete with a certain kind of self-importance and self-forgiveness, this Afghan war movie starring Mark Wahlberg has a distinctively martyred America-at-bay feel.
GOOD There are nuggets of honesty amid the gung-ho jingoism in Peter Berg's starry-eyed war story.
GOOD The picture may not be in contention for Oscars but it's a first-class modern war film: visceral, exciting and thought-provoking.
FAIR The film alternates between the pulverisingly immediate and dismayingly generic.
FAIR [The second act] is the core of the film, and it works very well. What falls on either side has been designed to support it, but comes close to achieving the opposite.
BAD Lone Survivor is well made and well acted but its refusal to pass comment on the central mission means that it ultimately feels like a gung ho fantasy that lacks emotional impact.
GOOD Luttrell's remarkable story of survival is worth telling. Inevitably, the temptation to depict US military as consummate heroes creeps through. Yet it's a more balanced account than you might expect.
FAIR nothing if not a deeply felt paean to the characters' toughness, bravery, and, most importantly, humanity
GOOD Berg reconstructs the gunfight brilliantly. Superb stunts, a dizzying use of handheld cameras, great editing and brilliant acting combine to make this the most intense war movie since Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Lone Survivor isn't always sophisticated ... But there's moral complexity and a climax in an Afghan village which is tense and surprisingly moving.
FAIR A severe portrait of fortitude under extreme pressure, somewhat marred by blinkered politics.
FAIR Mark Wahlberg stands firm as Luttrell and he also produced this version of events which, ultimately, celebrates the brotherhood of soldiers and hits hard, on a gut level.
FAIR The direction pummels and the cast impress, yet Berg's war movie promises more than it delivers.
FAIR A noble, moving tribute.
FAIR Lone Survivor' hits home and hits hard.
FAIR The film shows us the landscape of modern warfare, which when it is men with guns facing each other is pretty much the way war has been in the trenches since the Civil War.
GOOD Untethered to any post-TV era is a conclusion that America gets too comfortable with the mental inactivity it enables. Edward R. Murrow's titular signoff begins as a trademark and ends as a challenge to a medium - one too often unmet today.
GOOD Provocative, principled and richly detailed, this is compelling stuff. Emotionally ita(TM)s a little dry, but as brain-food, ita(TM)s absolutely invigorating. George done good.
GOOD Scrupulously journalistic, sometimes to its credit, sometimes to its deficit as a movie.
GOOD Good Night is not your average historical recreation. It doesn't dumb-down its story or its characters with needless explanation for the benefit of an under-educated audience.
GOOD proves that it is still possible in the cinema, if not in television, to inform without being boring and entertain without condescending.
BAD bez obzira na plemenite namjere svojih tvoraca, ipak ne zaslu%u017Euje "Oscara", jer je iznevjerio visoke standarde objektivnosti koje pripisuje svom junaku.
GOOD ... a timely reminder of the consequences of failing to balance national security with personal liberties... (believability is) what really comes through on the screen...
GOOD David Strathairn is terrific and with George Clooney's passion for his subject, they make [i]Good Night[/i] a satisfying comparison between the past and the present.
GOOD Many will see it as a cautionary tale: Don't let anyone else do your thinking for you. The truth is the thing. Cherish it and defend it.
FAIR more interested using the movie medium as a pulpit from which to pontificate...political beliefs rather than in telling a dramatically engaging story
FAIR Strathairn's performance is uncanny, and the 1950s period detail is spot-on.
GOOD Today, history records Edward R. Murrow as a towering journalist and Senator McCarthy as a sniveling tyrant. Don't you love it when history gets it right.
GOOD One of this year's most powerful films.
FAIR It is all outstandingly performed and photographed.
GOOD George Clooney is emerging as one of America's bravest, boldest filmmakers. And with this highly-charged political thriller, he's also emerging as one of its very best.
FAIR If you enjoy that sort of thing, this one makes its points, short and sweet, and looks good, while doing so.
FAIR Un valioso testimonio sobre una epoca controversial (con inquietantes referencias a la actual politica de Estados Unidos), filmado en extraordinario blanco y negro y con estupenda labor de David Strathairn.
FAIR A clever, quietly spoken little movie and a great pleasure to watch.
FAIR An admirable film; it tells an important story, and it's stoked with obvious conviction.
GOOD Methodically and purposefully demonstrates the importance of impartial journalism.
GOOD ... mais do que um filme interessante e eficiente; e uma licao civica como aquelas que o proprio Murrow se encarregava de ministrar em seu programa.
GOOD The film slowly draws the audience into the drama with utter conviction.
GOOD one of the most thoughtful, impassioned and best films of the year.
GOOD Strathairn gives a sly, quiet, unfussy performance as Murrow that sneaks up on you.
GOOD An admirable piece of work that takes a bold stand -- not just against events of the past, but events of the present. Hopefully, in the process, it can save the future.
FAIR When Murrow cautions viewers they should 'not be driven by fear into an age of unreason,' the film seems more culturally relevant than anything playing at the multiplex.
FAIR Dense, direct and digression-free.
FAIR The movie takes us back to the time when TV was at its infancy, but already marching towards its inevitable position as America's favorite waste of time ...
GOOD While the harmfulness of McCarthyism is a significant part of the film, it approaches the subject by examining the power of the media.
GOOD The use of the archival footage -- and director George Clooney's willingness to let it play out -- imbues the film with a historical heft that is more than a little unnerving.
GOOD George Clooney's second film as a director is a sharply scripted film with a terrific central performance from David Strathairn and a message that has lost none of its relevance in the last 50 years.
GOOD George Clooney's Good Night, and Good Luck has the visual feel of a chamber drama, with the majority of its action taking place in a handful of offices in the CBS building in New York, but the emotional gravitas of a morality play.
FAIR ...you might be safe, secure, comfortable, but you will lose something precious, something self-defining, something whose loss will make security feel pointless.
BAD Even with a tiny budget, The Worst Year of My Life has ambition, but limp acting, unoriginal story beats and lifeless characterization mires its scope.
GOOD A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to be missed film.
GOOD With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
GOOD While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
GOOD The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
FAIR The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
GOOD The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not quite ready for it.
FAIR Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the usual audaciously morbid way. A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
FAIR Lo mas reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un solido thriller, casi de factura clasica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
GOOD There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely see these days, subtle weird humor), but this is not your typical Cronenberg
GOOD What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
GOOD Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter seguranca suficiente da forca de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou. E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
FAIR Never does it deviate from Cronenberg's primal instincts.
BAD ... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
FAIR Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't get me started on that ending.
BAD I have mixed feelings. Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant). But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
GOOD On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
FAIR a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't have enough meat to be a truly satisfying drama.
BAD [David Cronenberg] no doubt wanted to say something profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
GOOD Some movies are to be consumed and discarded. History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those. This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
BAD Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence. One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
GOOD A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't be spoiled.
GOOD A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
GOOD This is Sin City with a functioning brain
GOOD Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
GOOD Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
GOOD There is much that is fiercely modest about its ambitions. And, for a war film, it is often disconcertingly quiet.
GOOD This is a harrowing picture, made all the more disturbing because it's based in a war that is being waged right now.
GOOD An important, intense, nail-biting experience -- really quite unforgettable.
GOOD The idea of watching people risking being blown to smithereens might not create a box office blockbuster. But this is certainly director Kathryn Bigelow's best film since Point Break in 1991.
GOOD It is visceral filmmaking at its best.
GOOD The Hurt Locker is set in present-day Baghdad, but it could be taking place anywhere in the world, at virtually any time in the last century.
GOOD It's a film about why some soldiers love war, a theme that's rare in war films made by men.
GOOD Bigelow's constantly moving camera, often jittery and restless, does well to convey the tension and latent chaos that bubbles beneath the surface of these soldiers' lives.
GOOD It is neither an anti-war film nor a pro-war film. It is, simply, a great war film about courageous men working in chaotic situations, and the collateral damage that comes with the job.
GOOD This is a film that doesn't distract with big self-aggrandizing political statements, but nevertheless succeeds in nailing the horror of the war.
GOOD The Hurt Locker transcends the political slop surrounding Iraq and cuts straight to the bone, letting us touch the hard, bloody reality of war without casualties of cliche or naive acts of emotional heroism.
GOOD Bigelow, one of the very few women working in the traditionally male-dominated action and war genres, avoids both red wire/yellow wire cliche and political preaching to deliver a film that is as psychologically fascinating as it is taut and exciting.
GOOD When the picture isn't ramping up your heart rate, it switches gears and becomes an intimate character study in what war does to humankind.
GOOD It's in refusing to plant a flag on one side or the other over the Iraq war debacle that Bigelow may just have made the conflict's defining film: words are cheap, but it's action that matters.
FAIR I wasn't exactly blown away by it (no pun intended here at all), but it remains an engaging film. There's certainly a great story to be told in here somewhere, it's just not the great film I've been hearing about.
FAIR It's not delicate by any means, and it gives an intense look into the lives of the American soldiers in Iraq.
GOOD The suspense may just kill you.
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is one of the most thrilling action films I've seen in the past few years. It features set piece after pulse-quickening set piece.
GOOD The decade's best fictional film about its real war, it's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos. Some people kick PowerPoint's ass. Sgt. 1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs.
GOOD Bigelow does not stint on portraying war's brutality, but the focus is strictly on the individual, not on the bigger picture, and the overall effect is more powerful and devastating for it.
GOOD Equal parts bravado-fueled action and pointed political statement. The best film yet made about the Iraq War, and the best American film about war since Platoon.
GOOD One of the few must watches of the year so far, and certainly one of the most intelligent offerings, The Hurt Locker would likely already be boasting a masterpiece label had it been from a high profile director or studio.
GOOD Combines white- knuckle tension, sizzling dialogue and poignant insight into the lives of the bravest guys in Baghdad.
GOOD A tense, occasionally meandering story about bomb defusers in Iraq.
GOOD Succeeds where so many others have failed, by crafting a compelling Iraq war film.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as it could have been...it at least knows that it's cheesy, which makes it more fun.
BAD It's not really clear why this movie was necessary %u2013 it does not reinvent the 50's movie so much as do a highly faithful cover version of it. (Gus Van Sandy's shot-for-shot remake of Psycho is a similar pointless academic exercise.)
FAIR ...gently wacky. Although breezy and sketchy on the easy laughs at times, Alien Trespass does promise to entertain for the sole purpose of its campy off-kilter makeup.
FAIR If the film succeeds perfectly in its aim, to recreate exactly a genre of films noted for how shoddy and boring they were, is it then fair to complain when the film is itself boring?
BAD Alien Trespass won't let our knowledge of the stereotypes it incorporates do the work and make the critique.
FAIR If you're willing to check your brain at the door and to suspend a lot of your disbelief, Alien Trespass manages to be a delightfully zany and campy satire best experienced at midnight with a group of friends.
FAIR A true love letter to genre days gone by, Alien Trespass delivers on its promise to bring back a slice of the good old days to horror cinema.
FAIR While it never rises to the level of Galaxy Quest, my gold standard for funny sci-fi films, Alien Trespass consistently delights and amuses.
BAD Retro-style sci-fi action spoof tries hard but doesn't work.
FAIR A highly entertaining retro Sci-fi blast from the past that is loads of fun, an endearing tribute to all those bad movies we just loved.
BAD ... once those warm, fuzzy feelings of nostalgia start to wear off, all you are left with is a tedious movie that is full of wooden performances, campy dialogue, cheesy and outdated special effects, eerie music and space beings in rubber suits.
BAD This lazy effort gets points only for truly loving -- perhaps to a fault -- the cheapo creature flicks of the 1950s.
BAD Alien Trespass, with a rating notice that mentions 'brief historical smoking,' is at least better than last year's official remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
BAD It's a satire without laughs, a parody without punch lines, a careful copy that replicates everything except the original's life.
FAIR How much you enjoy this strange picture depends on two things: Your appreciation of the genre that is being feted here, and the enthusiasm of the audience that you view it with.
FAIR Alien Trespass is an intriguing experiment, and I admire its craftsmanship.
BAD If you're not going to have fun with such a silly cinematic subgenre, what's the point in resurrecting it? Or, from the more pertinent audience point of view, in seeing it?
BAD A charmingly sentimental but ultimately pointless homage to the sci-fi classics of yesteryear.
BAD Fun at first, the movie quickly wears thin. Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery, but if that's your choice, you better be sure the thing you're imitating is worthy of it.
BAD While Alien Trespass stays true to the era and the genre, it forgets that its mission in this galaxy is not merely to pay tribute but to entertain.
BAD Alien Trespass, which opens Friday on the heels of the witty Monsters vs. Aliens, feels like an also-ran.
BAD Bewildered? You won't be alone.
BAD Alien Trespass, an affectionate tribute to flying saucer movies, treats the cliches of drive-in sci-fi with touching naivete. So why isn't it more fun?
BAD To see how Alien Trespass might have been done, rent The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra with its puppet monster on visible strings, its dime-store sets and its dreadful artificial dialogue.
FAIR Alien Trespass could be the latest bulletin from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 except that we're the silhouetted heads and the filmmakers are sitting right there next to us.
FAIR At a certain point you find yourself thinking, why not watch the real It Came From Outer Space, instead of this mildly amusing replica?
BAD A pale imitation of a drive-in movie, with nothing silly or sloppy enough to qualify as camp.
BAD The plotting is too obvious, too contrived and too convenient.
GOOD Friedrich isn't particularly sharp, but Riemelt's wonderfully nuanced performance gives him intricate layers of feeling.
BAD Nearly every point made in Before the Fall, be it about militarism or the secret sexual codes of fascism, is made too obviously, or has been made before, in films from Cabaret to Europa, Europa.
FAIR It asks us to sympathize with teenage boys being groomed for National Socialist glory, and for that reason alone, it absorbs.
FAIR ... hooks you by focusing on Friedrich's very human story.
BAD One senses that Gansel took the most egregious stories from his research and stuffed them all into the shapeless script.
BAD The film is a competent but callow work dealing with a monstrous subject that automatically rejects callowness.
FAIR The best thing about Gansel's film is it doesn't ask you to absolve anyone; it only tries to make everyone a little more human.
FAIR Gansel and his screenwriting partner, Maggie Gansel, bring not a whiff of fresh nor penetrating insight to these subjects.
GOOD A work of exemplary craftsmanship, crisp and forthright yet modulated by subtle nuances, Before the Fall ranks high among the year's films.
FAIR While the background of the story is fascinating and enlightening, the foreground story could be more complex and original. The plot is a good story whose arc is a little overly familiar. Still the production values are high and the story is compelling.
FAIR The movie's own moral stance is above reproach, and the two leads are engaged enough to make you care about the outcome.
GOOD Bankrupt fascist politics and a talent in the ring combine to force decisions no teenager should have to make.
FAIR It's a handsomely mounted production that benefits greatly from location shooting and sharp attention to historical detail.
FAIR The acting is believable; the photography, atmospheric; and the moral, unmistakable.
FAIR Nazis were once innocent children -- that, at least, is the notion behind Dennis Gansel's overcooked wartime drama about the ill-fated friendship between two teenage boys at a training school for elite German military recruits.
BAD Though well-made, Before the Fall never really comes to cinematic life.
BAD I guarantee you nothing this cheesy happened during World War I.
GOOD Set in Berlin in 1942, Dennis Gansel's intensely beautiful film brings us inside Hitler's network of elite schools to groom young Germans for positions of power.
FAIR A convincing German morality play about the Nazi's amoral worship of strength and power.
BAD A polished, German-tinged Dead Poets Society with budding SS automatons subbing in for privileged Vermont WASPs.
FAIR Gansel crafts story and characters to show us a rare but possible youth of Nazi Germany whose inborn morality is not subject to "training.
BAD It was either this or watch paint dry
GOOD The football scenes are brutally real; the locker room scenes are totally authentic.
GOOD Pro football fans may be disillusioned by this excellent, honest, and often brutal expose of the play-for-pay game.
FAIR The leading man, Nick Nolte, has a physical authority and a clowning, irreverent manner that lend the film some semblance of continuity, even when it's about to flounder.
FAIR Raucous football tale with effective Nolte.
FAIR It's still fascinating to get a glimpse of what athletes sacrifice to entertain us. It would have been considerably more fascinating if more of the people involved had seemed more human.
FAIR For a sports flick, this is unique and holds your attention for the most part.
GOOD Rough and grim knuckle-fighting drama headlining Charles Bronson.
GOOD Walter Hill's first film as a director is spare, elegiac and as tough as a nickel steak.
BAD "Million Dollar Arm" is bland and overlong at 124 minutes. Simply put, there is nothing here of interest.
FAIR Based on a true story, this is one of those relentlessly uplifting Disney movies that mixes comedy and emotion to inspire and move the audience.
BAD Craig Gillespie's by-numbers schmaltzathon never transcends its tourist's-eye views of India or patronisingly cliched views of its people.
FAIR In its own gently comical way, Million Dollar Arm plays up the misunderstandings between Hollywood and India -- as well as the mutual fascination.
FAIR A likeable and agreeable movie.
GOOD Though it doesn't offer much by way of freshness, Million Dollar Arm is about as enjoyable as a predictable film gets, thanks to a feel good mix of genuine heart and wit.
GOOD It might sound like a superhero movie but Million Dollar Arm is a stirringly human drama based on a true story and a welcome reminder that extraordinary feats can be achieved by mere mortals.
BAD A cold, hard business story, reshaped by Disney into a warm, fuzzy hug.
FAIR There's nothing wildly unpredictable on offer here, but it still winningly manages to sneak its way past your defences.
GOOD The steady hand of director Craig Gillespie (whose previous work includes the off-kilter Lars and the Real Girl) is evident throughout, and the result is warm, witty and thoroughly entertaining.
BAD Hamm's charm works well playing a debonair scoundrel on television but in this bland, family friendly offering, it's a resource that's quickly drained.
GOOD Very funny underdog comedy that's genuinely heartwarming and full of charm.
FAIR A cross between Bend It Like Beckham and Cool Runnings, you can see what Disney is pitching from a mile away, but it's polished and pleasant.
BAD Hamm and Bell keep this hooey light, but you can't lob a ball in here without hitting notes played better in Jerry Maguire and Slumdog Millionaire.
FAIR As far as sports movies go, like Hamm, it's immensely likeable.
GOOD "Million Dollar Arm" benefits from a strong performance by Jon Hamm in the lead and a top-notch supporting cast.
BAD Its true story actually smells rather fishy in that almost everything about it plays as manufactured schmaltz.
BAD ...it ultimately seems obvious that this material is inherently not able to sustain a feature-length endeavor.
GOOD A Grand Slam
FAIR Achieves a certain emotional authenticity even as the viewer anticipates exactly which heart string will be plucked and how.
FAIR Million Dollar Arm scores a triple.
BAD Million Dollar Arm could be subtitled The Best Exotic Marigold Pitching Mound.
FAIR It doesn't have a mean bone in its overly long body of a script. The touch of Disney, a family-friendly PG rating and a baseball story add up to a crowd-pleaser in 'Million Dollar Arm.'
BAD Sappy, saccharine, and predictable to the point where it's almost painful.
GOOD An uplifting and inspirational tale
BAD Million Dollar Arm, you had me at Jerry Maguire.
FAIR It may not be the most memorable film out there, but Million Dollar Arm is a fine film that the whole family can enjoy.
BAD All the potential edges have been sanded off. And so, a quite remarkable true story, no matter how truthfully told, feels like a formulaic fable.
FAIR For a heart-warming movie that praises risk taking and out of the box thinking, Million Dollar Arm plays its narrative surprisingly safe.
FAIR Luckily, a terrific cast that includes Alan Arkin, Suraj Sharma, Bill Paxton, Pitobash Tripathy and Madhur Mittal holds this unwieldy thing together. (Bill Paxton, Jon Hamm or Lake Bell in the cast of any film is generally a good sign.)
FAIR Based on true events, this is a heartwarming, uplifting, feel-good family film - in the popular Disney underdog sports genre.
FAIR A charming cast makes it succeed, but a lack of willingness to really push boundaries never lets it become anything more.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Million Dollar Arm is that it wears its emotions honestly. But as a fan of baseball, I have to say that matchups are always more interesting when you go into that first inning unaware of who's going to win the game.
FAIR Feel-good sports dramedy is a fine pick for tweens.
GOOD JB is not the wisest of men and Million Dollar Arm makes no bones about him being a character in need of an upward arc. Even so, the movie never sacrifices the other characters as mere handmaidens to his growth.
FAIR Million Dollar Arm is like taking a tour bus ride with a competent guide: You know exactly where it's going, but you like the company.
GOOD Outstanding drama about morals and our choices.
GOOD Both dramatically and historically important with fine turns by Fiennes and Turturro, directed by Redford.
GOOD Acutely observed, beautifully performed, lovingly directed media morality tale that resonates far beyond its 1950s setting.
GOOD It's a blessedly old-fashioned, well-made and well-acted narrative...
FAIR ...Redford manages to build quite a snowball of drama in all of this, full of heroes and antiheroes...
GOOD Gripping, compelling, absorbing ... yeah, all those adjectives and more, This is a great movie.
FAIR A marvelous performance by Ralph Fiennes.
GOOD One of the greatest American films. Compelling scandal and heartbreaking victims.
BAD Boring movie about the most dull scandal in the history of television.
GOOD Mr. Redford has made a rich, handsome, articulate film about a subject truly worth talking about.
FAIR As a pure period piece Quiz Show delivers beautifully, but Redford's foursquare, documentary-like approach, however artful, unspools a story with about as much drama as a game show itself.
GOOD A quietly powerful take on innocence lost, its lessons apparent every time we turn on the television.
GOOD Quiz Show' is a uniquely American tragedy, told with subtlety and complexity.
GOOD Robert Redford's assurded true story about quiz show corruption is totally engrossing, with genius performances from Ralph Fiennes and John Turturro.
FAIR Redford again showed his good directorial skills and the recreation of late 1950s is almost flawless.
FAIR I have to give the film a mild thumbs up as it is an interesting story and the performance by Fiennes is worth seeing.
GOOD Aside from the impeccable structure of Paul Attanasio's screenplay, Quiz Show also works on several dichotomous levels.
GOOD The screenplay, by former Washington Post film critic Paul Attanasio, is smart, subtle and ruthless.
GOOD Manages a trick that few films even dare try -- to take a hard look at personal and public moral issues and still provide dazzling entertainment.
FAIR With the possible exception of The Shawshank Redemption, Quiz Show has the best script of any film I have seen this year.
GOOD Every characterization is full and rounded; every scene is a perfect development of theme. The dialogue is filled with crisp, subtle and quotable lines.
GOOD Crisply directed by Redford from a thought-provoking script by Paul Attanasio, and featuring a slew of strong performances.
GOOD ...an assured first feature that seems to announce the arrival of impressive cinematic sensibility.
BAD If the finale was able to match the suspenseful buildup, the scale might have tipped to make The Sleepwalker a remarkable accomplishment, rather than a letdown.
BAD Among the many unanswered questions, I ask: Where do they find this junk, and where do so many amateurs get the money to finance it?
FAIR The film soon settles into a confident, well-staged groove, primarily because of two unambiguously terrific performances.
FAIR Even if you haven't seen any of the tell-all television spots, every beat of this crime drama will look and sound familiar.
FAIR The leads make it watchable (plus it's always a hoot to see Denise Richards onscreen in any form)...
BAD None of this finds an emotional connection, and instead we watch it predictably unfold.
BAD The film's hodgepodge plot stumbles down the prototypical path of a gangster's fall from grace with a bit of Boiler Room thrown in for good measure.
FAIR Depois de capturar a imaginacao do espectador com um inicio envolvente e promissor, a historia se perde de forma irremediavel, desperdicando o imenso potencial de seus dois primeiros atos.
FAIR Moody, stylish tale of heroin dealer John Leguizamo facing the white-collar world is a well-shot debut from Franc Reyes.
FAIR Yes, we're walking those mean streets again. Good thing we're taking a few unanticipated turns.
BAD Unfortunately, Empire is nothing more than an exhausting retread of the same cliched urban cautionary tale that waxes about rebellion and redemption.
BAD The film ends up being derivative of every drug-themed, drug-centered movie we've ever seen, and goes down the same dark unforgiving and predictable path as all the others did.
BAD There isn't a redeeming character to be found in Empire which makes it awfully hard to enjoy.
BAD Try as I may, I can't think of a single good reason to see this movie, even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted, 'Thank you!' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie.
BAD A yawningly familiar melodrama about an enterprising hustler who's undone by his own ambitions.
BAD A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans.
FAIR An entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with an intimate heart.
BAD John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie.
BAD The film is shoddy and amateurish; the blood in the gunfight scenes even looks like ketchup.
BAD Feels like it was made by some old Bolsheviks, who, in a vodka stupor, thought they were remaking THE GODFATHER.
BAD If you've spent every waking moment since the summer of 1991 pining for a 'New Jack City' with a salsa soundtrack, your cinematic savior has arrived.
BAD Filmmaker Franc Reyes would have been better off skipping the elaborate scam plot and focusing on the conflicts that arise when a dealer trades in his gold chain for an Armani suit.
BAD Like its protagonist, the movie tries to rise above convention, flails about a bit, and slides back into self-parody.
BAD Empire has its visual and character attributes, but the culmination of its 90 minutes is akin to reaching out for something substantial, and coming away with nothing but thin air.
FAIR It's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat. But the second half of the movie really goes downhill.
FAIR Not much going on with this one. It was part Scarface, part New Jack City and part Sugarhill. If you've- seen these, you've seen Empire.
BAD Guns, blah, blah, blah, drugs, blah, blah, blah, guns, drugs, and money, blah, blah, blah.
BAD This tale has been told and retold; the races and rackets change, but the song remains the same.
BAD Delivers the same old same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.
BAD Not atrocious, but certainly far from being as good as it might have been.
FAIR A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise.
FAIR Victor Rosa is Leguizamo's best movie work so far, a subtle and richly internalized performance.
BAD A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales.
BAD Another excuse to trot out the usual ghetto-melodramatic bromides: What Happens When You Leave the Old Neighborhood Behind and Remembering Who Your Real Posse Is and, most of all, Respecting the Woman Who Loves You Best.
BAD If Arenas is making some kind of statement with its initial release, it seems to be declaring, 'We can make a dumb Goodfellas knockoff just as well as any other ethnic group.'
BAD Empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film. It doesn't work as either.
BAD Manages to make even watching naked strippers in a hot tub a laborious experience.
GOOD This marriage of indelible imagery with electric, seemingly incongruous pop songs wouldn't be bettered until, well, the next time Scorsese decided to do it.
GOOD Features an attention-grabbing performance by Robert De Niro, but I maintain that Harvey Keitel's excellent central performance has always been critically undervalued.
GOOD Authentic in feel and immensely personal in subject matter, Mean Streets marked the arrival of one Martin Scorsese and his unique brand of urban filmmaking.
GOOD showcases Scorsese's artistic strengths and weaknesses as they stood at the outset of his career
GOOD The movie's blazing energy is still astounding; the verite street-scenes are terrific and Scorsese's pioneering use of popular music is genuinely thrilling.
GOOD A tight, intense masterpiece from Scorsese, writing collaborator Mardik Martin and the iconic stars.
GOOD The film feels authentic, the characters are true, the situation hopeless
BAD Doesn't do it for me, I'm afraid.
GOOD Terrific. Top shelf talent at the top of their game, working immediately before they would change Hollywood.
GOOD Scorsese's first masterpiece is still gripping.
GOOD One of cinema's finest moments....you'll never forget it
GOOD Perfected here are Scorsese's patented slow-motion cutaways, combination pan/tracking shots, ingenious use of pop music, and impromptu bloodbaths
GOOD The Godfather made the mob glamorous. Mean Streets made it real. Martin Scorsese's ferocious, grimy 1973 classic is just as good as Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece, but it shows us criminal life lower down the food chain.
GOOD ...a gritty, one-of-a-kind, unromantic, down-and-dirty look at the streets of New York like no film had portrayed those streets and their people before.
GOOD Without exaggeration, you could make an argument for Mean Streets being the most influential film of the last fifty years.
GOOD The hilarious scene in which Charlie and Johnny Boy argue about Johnny Boy's debts in the backroom of a bar (a scene that was improvised) is alone worth the price of admission.
GOOD No matter how bleak the milieu, no matter how heartbreaking the narrative, some films are so thoroughly, beautifully realized they have a kind of tonic effect that has no relation to the subject matter.
GOOD One of Scorsese's true classics.
GOOD A true rough diamond, Scorsese's breakthrough may be uneven, but at its heart lies fledgling genius.
GOOD Its greatness lies in its leanness, with nary a word, a move, a gesture that's nonessential.
GOOD A ferociously original film.
GOOD One of those movies that you should see, even if it is only to watch a masterful director's first superior film.
GOOD Everyone involved brings a near-dizzying rhythm to this quintessential 'New York movie' and its collection of outsider-characters, all intoxicated on themselves.
GOOD In countless ways, right down to the detail of modern TV crime shows, Mean Streets is one of the source points of modern movies.
BAD A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
BAD If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
BAD The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
FAIR Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
BAD Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
BAD The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
GOOD Director Jennifer Jessum, who also co-produced and co-shot the film with Simon Joseph, adeptly contextualizes White's story within the painful and complex Lakota and Pine Ridge history.
FAIR Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches.
FAIR ...mindless entertainment in a refined style.
BAD Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs, but ... the film only works in fits and starts.
FAIR "Wild Target" has fast, quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home.
BAD When the various elements all fizzle, all we're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film.
FAIR Snappy, sarcastic, implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in. Also, how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out? If you just threw up in your mouth a little, you might wanna avoid this.
FAIR Saucy, scattershot, screwball farce.
FAIR The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars. This it does, just barely.
BAD It's never a good idea to cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man.
BAD Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never met a corny complication she didn't like, and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act.
BAD Rarely in a British comedy have so many richly talented actors laboured so long in search of a coherent plot, plausible characters and even a modicum of humour.
FAIR If not better than the French original, this re-make is equally good and equally funny.
BAD The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn.
BAD With an interesting premise and a capable cast, it's a shame the result is such a dead horse.
BAD A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way.
FAIR Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow, polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama.
FAIR There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs.
FAIR An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller.
BAD All of this busyness drains away the film's charm, turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib, hectic and sour.
BAD Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn's weapon of choice, Wild Target should have been a good fit. It's not quite.
BAD desperately unfunny
GOOD The movie's a grand, quick-witted entertainment, a throwback in the best, most welcome sense.
BAD Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one asked for.
BAD Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures, and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver.
BAD Nothing works.
BAD It's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one.
FAIR The likable and talented cast give it their all, but it's never as zany or funny as it should have been.
BAD Wild Target is a remake of a French farce, and it shows.
BAD Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles, but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction, the final showdown leaves you feeling cold.
FAIR When Wild Target works it's a lot of fun. There's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint's first film since Harry Potter 3 that didn't make me want to lob him out the window.
BAD This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp. But the solid cast at least makes it watchable, even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns.
BAD There's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and, hard as the cast may try, a powerful whiff of desperation not helped by the ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy.
BAD The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up, but it's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it.
BAD an interesting mess
FAIR There are moments of absolute magic.
FAIR Nearly a masterpiece
GOOD by every definition, a beautiful film: it's lovely to look at--and perhaps even moreso to listen to; and the acting is exquisite.
FAIR A good-spirited fable ... it's the type of movie that either you'll love or you'll hate. Count me in the former category.
BAD [Ben Affleck's] Jack Ryan is simply impossible to take seriously, and that's something the film could probably never survive.
BAD Generic action film not good for kids, or anyone.
FAIR Though this political adventure requires substantial suspension of disbelief, the witty script and mature approach keep the film on track. [Blu-Ray]
FAIR ... Entertaining and far more relevant than most other action/adventure movies.
BAD Has enough cliches and cut-out characters to condemn it to mediocrity.
GOOD Realizando um bom trabalho ao condensar o complexo livro de Clancy, o filme e tenso, inteligente e conta com fortes atuacoes de todo o elenco - inclusive de Affleck, que confere uma curiosa vulnerabilidade ao heroi.
GOOD It's a tired premise, and it's got its flaws, but the present talent makes it worthwhile.
FAIR Tom Clancy franchise gets a surprisingly satisfying reinvention thanks to star Ben Affleck and director Phil Alden Robinson.
FAIR It's all fast and loud and pulse-pounding, of course, but nothing that we haven't seen dozens of times on screen after imaginary disasters.
GOOD Superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line.
FAIR The Sum of All Fears proves that the Jack Ryan franchise still has some legs. Most importantly, it also has a brain.
BAD Clancy's world is strictly for the techno-nerds and frankly they're welcome to it.
FAIR Deals with a chillingly topical nuclear attack on Baltimore. But perhaps more disturbingly, it rehashes it into a Ben Affleck action romance.
GOOD All shame aside, not being a Tom Clancy fan or Jack Ryan fan, I did quite enjoy it. Is it Morgan Freeman?
BAD An implausible apocalypse without depth or resonance, a cartoon of international politics presented with no James Bond-like playfulness and with all the superficial realism money can buy.
FAIR El filme provoca que la audiencia piense y medite sobre el mundo en que habitamos, asi como en los obsoletos sistemas de gobierno que hemos creado como sociedad.
FAIR A competent Tom Clancy thriller that's betrayed by a miscast Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan.
FAIR If nothing else, this film may stand as a cultural testament to how times really have changed since Sept. 11 -- and not necessarily the way we'd expect.
BAD (Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't think about anything too hard.
FAIR To sum it up: heavy on imagination and light on reality.
GOOD A Alden Robinson, el director, le sento bien la amistad con Tom Hanks y Spielberg al haber dirigido recientemente para la TV, el drama de guerra Band of Brothers.
BAD Affleck's performance is so lightweight that he feels like a secondary character, barely involved with this struggle against a terrorist nuclear attack.
BAD The star who helped give a spark to "Chasing Amy" and "Changing Lanes" falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer's new action film, "The Sum of All Fears."
BAD ...post-September 11, "The Sum Of All Fears" seems more tacky and reprehensible, manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves.
FAIR takes on a gut-churning immediacy that is hard to deny
FAIR Sum" is Jack Ryan's "do-over." Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works. Especially give credit to Affleck.
GOOD Action-packed and exciting!
FAIR A tense, capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of Hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare.
BAD I've felt more drama watching tornado chasers on The Weather Channel.
BAD Retreads a lot of familiar elements from other "international thrillers" while occasionally dipping its foot into the real-life horror of terrorism.
BAD Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into, a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority.
BAD The film doesn't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously, it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA.
FAIR It's been eight years since Clear and Present Danger, but this late-blooming entry shows that none of the luster has worn off the series.
BAD Is Ben Affleck such an indispensable talent -- or box-office draw -- that his presence is worth wrecking an entire film franchise to accomodate his youth?
FAIR Affleck gets better with each film. It will be interesting to see him age with the Jack Ryan role.
BAD Never in film history will there be a more nonchalant nuclear holocaust.
GOOD The Panic in the Needle Park rolls up the drug culture's sleeve and picks at the scabs underneath.
FAIR An occasion to meditate upon the frightfulness of heroin addiction and why many youth opt for the euphoria of white powder rather than the promises of the American dream.
FAIR More a character study than any kind of narrative story, it's moderately worthwhile but far from a classic.
GOOD Alem de contar com as estupendas atuacoes de Winn e Pacino (em sua brilhante estreia no Cinema), este ainda e um dos melhores filmes ja produzidos sobre dependencia quimica.
GOOD It is not filled with quick cutting or gimmicky editing, but Jerry Schatzberg's direction is so confident that we cover the ground effortlessly.
FAIR ...a disappointingly by-the-numbers drama that rarely lives up to the effectiveness of its performances.
BAD A bore of a memoir.
GOOD The winning aspect of this adaptation of a best-selling autobiography is in the director's management of the points of view.
BAD The performances are marvelous, and little moments ring all too true, making Tucker's film rewarding if not illuminating.
FAIR It's Broadbent's movie, and he really does go from one-foot-in-the-grave to youthful and crackling-with-charisma on a dime. It's not so much that he does it, but that it seems so effortless and non-ostentatious.
GOOD A small, intimate film with numerous flashbacks like this one is trickier than it looks, but ultimately it touches the heart and proves a worthwhile journey perfectly timed for Father's Day.
GOOD ...a movie that would probably be better off as a poem.
FAIR "Father" handles things with grace, wit and a healthy dose of authenticity, staying true to author Blake Morrison's clear-eyed memoir of the same name.
BAD Frustratingly stagnant at times but ultimately a moving story about a dying father and the son who must come to terms with him.
GOOD The film puts forth the idea that the best we ever get are reflections and fragmented images of others, as if we see things entirely through prisms or distorting glass.
GOOD Firth gives one of his most stitched-up performances as the adult Blake. Maybe he overdoes it but I don't think so. His aloofness, with its awkward hesitancies and ragged bursts of feeling, means that it's all the more moving when he finally lets go.
FAIR When Firth and Broadbent share screen time, it's very watchable. Despite their proximity in real-life ages, they're convincing as son and father.
FAIR Everything in Water Lilies is more guarded, more complex and far more interesting than it seems.
GOOD In this delicate and understated portrait of selective reminiscence by Shopgirl director Anand Tucker, the now-grown son, played by Colin Firth, returns to the scene of the crime that was his childhood.
FAIR When Did You Last See Your Father? is based on a true story, but it still feels contrived.
FAIR Though ... well-acted by Firth, Broadbent and Juliet Stevenson, the slow pacing makes it feel as if everyone is walking through a waist-deep bog of emotional reserve.
FAIR An unfocused, agonized tear-jerker about loss and mourning but some of the performances are excellent.
FAIR A small, beautifully acted piece adapted from the British poet Blake Morrison's memoir.
FAIR It is all about cherishing every time you see your father.
BAD Tucker keeps things subdued almost to the point of inertia.
FAIR The film is directed and lensed with such subtlety and old-fashioned restraint that you might overlook the exquisite cinematic flourishes throughout.
FAIR Strong performances carry this familiar but always intelligent British rites-of-passage story about a philandering doctor and his much-mocked son.
FAIR Smartly, Father never ties up all its loose ends, but along the way, it is blessed with dozens of scenes in which a couple of actors connect in ways that feel deeply, humanly real.
GOOD It can be painful to watch as it so painstakingly captures the slow process of loss. But it's worth every last teardrop.
FAIR A haunting and heartfelt drama that may startle some viewers with sporadic shocks of recognition.
FAIR The acting is superior in a rather spotty story. Jim Broadbent is a consummate actor who finds the pinpricks in a dry script and sharpens them to magnify Arthur's negative characteristics.
GOOD Blake is not ready to let his father go. You'll have trouble letting the movie go too, since the characters are those you grow to care about dearly.
FAIR Tucker delivers a stroke of casting so perfect it might seem obvious: Oscar winner Jim Broadbent as the father and Colin Firth as the son.
FAIR This is a film of regret, and judging by what we see of the characters, it deserves to be.
GOOD The source is Blake Morrison's memoir of the same title, an impressionistic account that the filmmakers -- director Anand Tucker with screenwriter David Nichols -- have cast impeccably and, without losing the nuance, shaped into a strong narrative arc.
GOOD The catharsis here is all the more moving because of what wasn't finished, what remained unsaid and what in the answer to the title's question proves unknowable.
FAIR There's an air of unfinished business about it all and I'm a sucker for loose ends in the name of family dysfunction.
GOOD Mature, deeply affecting father-son drama.
BAD Even as it explores familiar deceits and self-delusions, When Did You Last See Your Father? feels, in the end, as if it's entangled in them.
FAIR When Did You Last See Your Father?&#8221; is grown-up, civilized fare, even though the whole thing might have been improved with a bit of messiness.
BAD ...a pretentious mess...
GOOD With its self-conscious references to the artistic process and to art itself (in a scene that wouldn't be out of place in a Godard project, a character reads Poe's 'The Bells,' almost in its entirety), this is Swanberg's most moving and impressive film...
FAIR Alexander the Last, a 72-minute series of loosely connected scenes, follows an actress's lurching conversations and tentative gestures in life and the theater.
FAIR Mumblecore has always lived in small moments, sometimes excruciatingly small, but rarely have these moments added up to a memorable takeaway message. Here, they do.
FAIR Swanberg aspires to the next level -- in story scope, character development, and artistic commentary -- and just misses the mark.
FAIR Part of that restless, productive team of mumblecore savants, Swanberg allows his actors to do what they do best: act.
GOOD An unabashed art film, demanding, with a measured pace and much ambiguity. It does possess some fine acting and a handsome look.
BAD Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago.
BAD For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him, you never fear for Superman or Lois Lane, never experience anything more intense than the fret of mild peril.
FAIR Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise, which ultimately leaves the audience, like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies, brimming with hope.
GOOD None of which would register if Routh weren't a Superman whom if we don't need we can at least feel for.
FAIR Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners, this movie does have some heart and some muscle. You'll come to like having it around, even if you thought you'd already moved on.
FAIR Superman Returns is a bombastic, rousing, explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy, enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer.
GOOD Solid and emotionally direct but not the concussive powerhouse many will be hoping for.
GOOD the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois' super sex with the 'man of steel' are two major selling points of the film, but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent's secret identity.
GOOD Ignore the hype, ignore the budget, ignore the expectations, sit back, relax and let Superman return.
BAD The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling, but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way.
FAIR better than 3 and 4
FAIR Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally, Routh certainly has large red boots to fill. And he fills them admirably
FAIR Yes, the new Superman Returns movie flies. It just doesn't soar.
FAIR After nearly 20 years in hiding, one would expect Superman's return to be special. Alas, the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer's new movie is the hype surrounding it.
FAIR click to read full review [Greek]
BAD Emphasizes the reasons I don't find Superman all that interesting.
GOOD It's been 5 years since Superman (Brandon Routh) left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton. Upon his return, the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) - engaged to be married and the mothe
FAIR The film's weaknesses aside, there is no denying that Singer has pulled out all the stops in his bid to make the biggest, loudest summer blockbuster possible.
GOOD Superman returns with a vengeance.
FAIR In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country, the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance.
BAD Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound, [but] does so without much care or conviction.
GOOD Super return for Superman ...
FAIR A good start at revitalizing a dead series. Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular.
GOOD As a superhero film it's really extremely impressive, probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films.
GOOD This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film's minor flaws mean only that the sequel, like Singer's X2, is destined to become a real classic of the genre.
GOOD Romantica, emocionante, trepidante, mistica y entranable, es un digno homenaje al heroe mas grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fabrica de suenos, pues ahora, mas que nunca, es posible creer que un hombre puede volar.
FAIR The battle is won: but only just.
FAIR Many happy returns, Superman, you've been away too long. Unfortunately, you deserve a lot better than this.
GOOD It's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters; this is the finest popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed. Superman doesn't fly -- he soars.
BAD Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aco em um gala sem personalidade.
GOOD The effects are terrific - you will, indeed, believe a man can fly, especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane.
FAIR The plane taking off, flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience.
GOOD El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y, ademas de Lex Luthor, ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo: el olvido.
GOOD Spirited and somewhat bittersweet, Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way %u2014 though it's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest.
GOOD ...enjoyable enough for the casual fan, and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub. It's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character's history and place in American culture.
GOOD Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles. I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.
FAIR The Man of Steel returns in body but not quite in spirit.
GOOD Its politics are abhorrent to me, but my god, it's such a slick, well-crafted thriller ... that I can't hate it
FAIR A tense thriller that holds your attention to the very end. The film is aided by one of Bernard Hermann's better scores.
BAD Tedious remake of a "thriller" that wasn't that thrilling to begin with
GOOD Keep-you-up-all-night terrifying!
FAIR The remake with De Niro had the most to fear from this superior little thriller!
GOOD A classic revenge thriller.
GOOD works best as a twisted nail-biter, punctuated brilliantly with an apocalyptic score by Bernard Herrmann
BAD A sempre presente narracao em off e um dos muitos problemas do filme - especialmente se considerarmos que o narrador e justamente um escritor mediocre.
BAD An actor gives writing and directing a try, with the usual results.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
BAD Brendan Gleeson's force of personality dominates the proceedings. As a historic document, however, the film leaves a lot to be desired.
GOOD The Fault In Our Stars could indeed become this generation's Love Story -- mildly implausible, but genuinely moving.
BAD This movie can parade its "truth" as much as it likes, but I for one don't buy it.
FAIR It handles life's big issues with honesty through its gritty lead character, Hazel. The other characters are brave and easy to empathize with.
FAIR Funnily enough, the producers of the Twilight series are behind the latest teen adaptation, but The Fault in Our Stars is a more serious take.
BAD Do the tears flow? It's hard to stop them but it's a reflex action, triggered by the tragic conjunction of cancer and the young, rather than any sense of kinship with the particular pair you've been watching on screen.
FAIR Along with its credible stars, that's enough to predict that Fault is going to find its target audience, big time.
FAIR It's essentially a two-character show: Elgort is handsome and appealing, while Woodley continues her steady progress to stardom.
FAIR Ultimately, The Fault in Our Stars overcomes those faults because of Woodley, who uses her instincts and abundant talent to depict Hazel as a fully realized young woman who's more than just the sum of her symptoms.
FAIR The Fault In Our Stars is unlikely to win over the cynics, but Woodley has a smile that lights up the screen, and you believe in her even when the film's plausibility is stretched.
FAIR The film has enough charm and humor to keep it appealing to a wide audience, and dumbing things down doesn't feel particularly smart or canny, and proves to be a minor distraction to an otherwise majorly entertaining feature.
GOOD The adaptation of John Green's best-selling young adult novel gets downright gloppy at times, even as Hazel and Augustus strive to remain brave and unsentimental. But it touched my heart and mind.
GOOD Far from the shameless emotional pummeling it might have been, this adaptation of John Green's cherished YA cancer drama finds a conduit to earned, understated tears -- a tricky accomplishment given the material.
FAIR The actors and the basic material ensure that The Fault in Our Stars remains, in its movie form, an affecting love story.
FAIR The weight of the film, however, rests squarely on Woodley's shoulders, and she does an excellent job as Hazel, balancing her sharp wit and sheer determination with the right amount of frailty and fear.
GOOD Every generation loses their heart to one great big weepie. Was it Love Story for you? Out Of Africa maybe? The Fault In Our Stars could well be the weepie of choice for this generation.
FAIR Thankfully The Fault in Our Stars presents a more nuanced and healthy manifestation of YOLO -- one that is less oriented toward reckless self-gratification and more concerned with loving others.
FAIR The movie survives its own cliche because Hazel articulates our skepticism and keeps it real.
GOOD The Fault in Our Stars is a movie that will be quoted by teens for generations to come.
FAIR Woodley, always gifted in performance, makes sure Hazel's change from numb to receptive feels natural, attuned to the logic of reality.
GOOD A positive and inspirational experience, far removed from cloying sentimentality. Hollywood might have lost touch with several genres in recent years, but on this evidence the weepie is back.
FAIR Devotees of the book may have some concerns, but for those willing to take this movie on its own terms, as what reviewers used to call a 'four-hanky weeper,' it's something of a wow.
GOOD The Fault in Our Stars is exceptionally high-quality mainstream entertainment, a genuine work of art that exists in the often maligned sub-genre of teen girl-centric melodrama.
BAD While it may not conform to one's real-life expectations it certainly hews tightly to teen-flick conventions.
BAD Based on the beloved novel by John Green, this film is so squarely slanted toward teen girls that it is likely to annoy everyone else.
FAIR Screenwriters Scott Neustadter and Michael H Weber are on hand to lend an alt-indie edge that cuts through the mawkish manipulation ...
BAD The film slowly turns into the kind of manipulative, lachrymose melodrama that Hazel herself professes to detest.
FAIR For every nauseating moment in this cancer-related weepie, there's a lovely, thought-provoking exchange of ideas.
BAD The movie will be the stuff of truth and tragedy for some; for others, crafted schmaltz with an eye on the money.
FAIR One weepie that never resorts to cheap manipulation, thanks to a wry script (based on John Green's chart-topping novel) and central performances to match ...
BAD You have to concede the laser-guided accuracy and psychotic vehemence with which it goes for the tear duct. It's like being mugged by a professional whose skills in mixed martial arts you can't help but notice and appreciate ...
GOOD If some of the political theorising is somewhat naive and the direction is occasionally manipulative, the acting, particularly from Juliette Binoche, is superb.
FAIR Haneke brings his usual dark sensibility to bear on the multifaceted story, expressing the fractured quality of modern city life through scenes that wander through a labyrinth of missing links and lost connections.
GOOD With virtually no music and very little expository dialogue, this is one of the rare films with enough faith in moviegoers to let them figure things out for themselves.
GOOD A chilling picture of urban disillusionment, Code Unknown's strength is its insistence that, to be realistic, it cannot give easy answers.
FAIR Michael Haneke's only attempt to be emotionally salient.
GOOD Code Unknown is a film that will thrill connoisseurs of alienation and loneliness, and I say that with the utmost sincerity.
FAIR Packed with provocative ideas and fragments of provocative ideas.
GOOD Even if it's a bit 'foreign' and arty, it's also consistently gripping, thoughtful, powerful stuff, assembled in an unusual way that catches us off guard and never preaches.
FAIR Worthy, challenging, heavily art-house-centric feature that explores ideas of immigration, communication, xenophobia and representations of reality within fiction.
FAIR This French-language film is fiercely intellectual and thoughtful.
FAIR At the center of the film -- the real reason it was made -- is Binoche, one of the genuinely radiant presences in movies today.
FAIR Tackles contemporary cosmopolitan ennui with unfailing sensitivity and perceptiveness, and that more than makes its stories worth knowing.
BAD While it alludes to themes concerning xenophobia, communication and social responsibility, ultimately the film amounts to little more than a collection of stark, uneven vignettes.
GOOD Code Unknown gets at the ache and angst of the human condition in ways that shiver with telling detail and the machinations of real life. It's powerful.
GOOD It doesn't endorse narrow-mindedness, but instead, uses it as a topic to illustrate just how brilliantly broad-minded filmmaking can be.
FAIR Though it's difficult to call the film a success, it's certainly beguiling.
FAIR Even more impressive is the way Haneke evokes violence without showing it, and whips up tension and dread without music or any of the manipulative tricks so popular among Hollywood filmmakers.
FAIR This sliced and diced curio (think Manchevski's Before the Rain as directed by Godard) tackles entirely too much to ever really be about anything.
GOOD Una maravilla de multiples lecturas, y no todas triviales...
GOOD European cinema at its very best.
BAD Too self-consciously obtuse, enigmatic and 'meaningful' for its own good, it demands far more than it gives back in return.
FAIR Action-packed Bond film has sexual situations, shooting.
BAD This one has all the right ingredients to be a great Bond flick, I mean Christopher Lee is the main villain! I don't exactly know how they screwed this up, but they did.
FAIR This is Bond by numbers: the fast cars, fast boats and fast women are all here, but there's little imagination at work.
FAIR Why did a tale that could've been a bit ragged - and a nice stretch for Moore - become simply a so-so romp? Chalk it up to the franchise's nervous need to capitalize on other genres' zeitgeist -first, blaxploitation, and here, martial arts.
FAIR Perhaps the most inconsistent of all James Bond pictures, with some outstanding moments and sequences sitting quite blithely next to absolute rancidity.
FAIR the first film that actually allowed Moore to get into the role without having to live up to Connery
FAIR A diverting but typically silly Roger Moore entry in the Bond canon. [Blu-ray]
FAIR Roger Moore's Bond has got a rough deal over the year, but whilst this takes itself a little too lightly it has a lot going for it.
BAD Screenwriters Maibaum and Mankiewicz attempted to downplay the gadgetry this time around, but their attempts at adding more humor hinder plot development.
FAIR Weak but Christopher Lee is great
BAD You cast Christopher Lee as a Bond villain and you find a way to blow it?!
FAIR It's all gaudily good, right down to Herve Villechaize(!), bikini-clad Britt Ekland, and the inimitable Clifton James as the vacationing Sheriff J.W. Pepper.
BAD If you enjoyed the early Bond films as much as I did, you'd better skip this one.
FAIR Bond versus Herve and Dracula. How can such a thing possibly be disliked?
BAD Christopher Lee is superb, but a James Bond movie is in trouble when you're rooting for the villain.
FAIR Roger Moore's second outing as James Bond is glossy, but fires blanks.
FAIR Not nearly one of Bond's best adventures, but fans will find enough to enjoy.
BAD There's no shortage of innuendo, action, exotic locations, or casual misogyny. Unfortunately it's too camp and cruel an adventure to raise more than a Moore-like eyebrow.
FAIR The result is an entertaining film but not a very substantial one.
FAIR The Man with the Golden Gun certainly isn't worth $1 million, but it's fine for the price of a video rental.
BAD Moore tries hard to be tough and cool in the Connery manner. ...he comes off pretentious and cold.
BAD Is it worse as a love story or as a drama about the sorry state of television news? The answer: It's a tie.
BAD Glitz! Glamour! Love! TV news ethics?
FAIR A perfectly respectable effort, but with all the talent involved it could have been better.
BAD Bland TV expose loosely based on the life of Jessica Savitch
BAD Final proof that "based on actual events" means absolutely nothing.
BAD There is no real sexual tension between [Pfeiffer and Redford] from the get-go, so when they finally do get together, it feels forced, ungenuine.
FAIR It doesn't get anymore romantic than this
BAD Serious flick that feels more like a satire of a Robert Redford film.
FAIR This is one of those untaxing time-killers where you spend a lot of time pondering which of its actress's changing hairstyles you like best.
BAD Hardly earth-shattering enough for a 5-minute short, much less an 80-minute movie.
FAIR The message is muddy, but that doesn't feel as important as the delivery method, which ends up redeeming this as a film experiment that succeeds for its sense of derring-do if nothing else.
FAIR Hitchcock was a master of mischief and misdirection, and no film so thoroughly infused with his spirit could be dull or predictable.
FAIR the most indefinable film currently playing in theaters; it also happens to be the most madly entertaining
FAIR This isn't a normal movie; it's an art installation. And whatever it may have been meant to be, it takes its real meaning from you.
BAD Mildly entertaining, stylishly edited, but neither synthesized nor provocative enough to be a truly enlightening experience
GOOD A marvelous, multi-media mockumentary about Hitchcock certain to add to the already lofty stature of the revered cinema icon.
BAD A way of showing how the Master of Suspense's work captured the zeitgeist, and how the zeitgeist responded by getting dumberer.
BAD The connections that Grimonprez makes among his various areas of inquiry seem mightily tenuous.
BAD Drawing hazy parallels between the Cold War and the rise of consumerist culture, the film implies ideological battles are won by those best able to exploit the media in insidious ways.
GOOD So here it is: an essay film it's okay to like.
BAD Hitchcock fans and die-hard moviegoers will enjoy this offbeat collage-style movie, which is expertly assembled but struggles to engage us with a coherent story or theme
GOOD A single viewing only scratches the surface of this dazzling montage-based Hitchcock quasi-doc.
GOOD This is arguably a rather cerebral and indulgent reverie, but there is fascination, and something genuinely disturbing, in every frame.
GOOD A mash-up of the Master of Suspense and newsreel from the Cold War, playing on Hitchcock's obsession with doppelgangers.
GOOD A documentary that practically defies description, Grimonprez's film is playful, provocative and very, very watchable.
BAD Its laboured contention that the cold war era was an age of unique and privileged anxiety seems dubious. (Every age in its different but equal way is an age of anxiety.)
GOOD This says less about media-generated paranoia (both then and now) than it does about Hitchcock's teasing attitude to his work and how badly American cinema currently needs somebody of his genius.
GOOD A dizzying mosaic of historical footage, vintage advertisements, contemporary interviews and a fiction strand adapted from Jorge Luis Borges combine and proffer multiple delights.
BAD Double Take is an ingeniously constructed film that's ultimately something of a mixed bag -- it's worth seeing for the vintage clips and the sinister coffee commercials, but the other elements never really come together in a satisfying way.
GOOD If you're in the mood for an offbeat police procedural, this should be on your must-see list ... Who would have thought something this unrelievedly grim could be, at its dark heart, about unrequited love?
FAIR This is film noir at its noirest.
GOOD A story of obsession, of the permanence of loss, of how deeds of the past haunt us, closing over our heads like water. It leaves you shivering, yet thrilled; waiting anxiously for this talented new filmmaker's next work.
FAIR "The Silence" is framed as a multi-character police procedural, but like "Mystic River" and "Zodiac," its inquiries probe deeper and darker.
GOOD How might criminals who get away with murder behave, the movie asks? Just like everyone else.
FAIR ...part police procedural and part psychological study, with more than just genre thrills to offer.
BAD "The Silence" is a victim of over-plotting, clunky narrative, gratuitous stylization, and too many points of view.
GOOD In a field of cliched psychological crime thrillers, The Silence stands out.
GOOD With echoes of "The Vanishing" and "Memories of Murder," Baran bo Odar's dread-filled "The Silence" is a character-based thriller that focuses more on the people wrapped up in its web of perversion and murder than the crimes themselves.
GOOD The mysteries here are larger, deeper, more ineffable than the purely practical concerns of crime-solving: motive, means and opportunity.
BAD This is a rare film that shows the murder and makes the audience feel the pain of the survivors, which is all to the good,...but it is unremittingly depressing.
BAD These are our modern tearjerkers, embellished with sexual violence to maintain the audience's sense of its own sophistication. Include me out.
FAIR A clear-eyed look at the hole that a death leaves behind, and the many awkward and always insufficient ways we try to fill it.
GOOD "The Silence" is an exemplary German-language thriller, a complex and disturbing examination of guilt, violence and psychological torment that chills us to the core not once but two times over.
GOOD [Mr. Odar uses] graceful wide-screen compositions and haunting sound design to create a compelling mood of menace, anxiety and sorrow.
GOOD The Silence speaks volumes.
FAIR The slightly dour tone is the perfect backdrop for the director to skillfully weave together his varied narrative strands in a surprisingly entertaining medley.
FAIR Funciona muito bem ate o instante em que decide que abracar um romance hollywoodiano e mais importante do que respeitar a logica de sua narrativa.
BAD By the time Salvadori has finally wrapped things up and paired off his characters in a predictable fashion, many viewers may feel that these foolish and tiresome individuals deserve each other.
BAD The plot is hoary and eventually saccharine.
FAIR Generally light and frothy, the film's direction and ending is wholly predictable but Tautou helps to make the journey worthwhile.
BAD Winsome in the extreme and a bit chauvinist too.
GOOD Silly but amiable...
BAD Only Sami Bouajila, playing the bemused, overeducated handyman-in-the-middle, emerges with his dignity relatively intact.
BAD This was an opportunity for Tautou to represent a new kind of romantic anti-heroine, but nobody seemed to be interested.
FAIR It's frisky and watchable, at least until the untangling of feelings reveals there's little but contrivance keeping it afloat.
BAD The film is full of sub-Marivaux comic contrivances, ersatz Gallic charm - the kind you can squeeze from a tube - and whimsical improbability.
FAIR Fans of Tautou will enjoy watching a film that's nicely shot and quite amusing at times, but this is sadly no Amelie.
BAD The French, perhaps, like this sort of comedy of chaos a mite more than we do, but Beautiful Lies is enjoyable enough.
FAIR Watchable French romcom (or Fromcom) that doesn't quite pull off the magic of either Priceless or Heartrbeaker but succeeds thanks to an amusing script and winning performances from its three leads.
BAD The script grinds its way through sundry reversals, initial jollity giving way to plodding rigmarole.
GOOD Salvadori's small pocket of volatile life, like in any soap opera, is intoxicating to watch and voyeuristic in nature.
FAIR Undemanding if occasionally uneven stuff.
BAD Salvadori generates few laughs from this convoluted tale, whose romcom trappings sit uneasily with its lonely, troubled characters.
BAD It's actually not the first French comedy I've seen recently that just seemed not so much funny as just a bit off somehow and I really didn't enjoy this very much.
BAD I'm sure a lot of people will go along with the stupid premise of the film and enjoy it hugely. I wish I'd been able to.
FAIR Slow-moving but graceful, this character study is engaging and insightful.
FAIR The Hunter delivers a quiet and somewhat meandering story that wallows in self-importance and social agenda.
FAIR "The Hunter" is mostly well-done, but where I would normally say "it never comes together," I actually have to say it comes together too late.
GOOD "The Hunter" is the most intriguing thriller to come along in the first half of 2012. Willem Dafoe continues to showcase why he's one of the best actors today and the cinematography for the film is absolutely breathtaking.
FAIR The Hunter is a very topical drama with ethics and human consciousness at its heart.
FAIR The Hunter isn't a straightforward film, but it is a thought-provoking one.
FAIR A slow-burner about survival in general that may seem predictable in parts and meander in others, but the intensity with which the psychological developments suddenly manifest is its ultimate power.
FAIR A thoughtful, sinewy thriller that takes its time, but girds on a stellar, stoic performance from Willem Dafoe.
FAIR Entirely convincing as a loner on a mission, Dafoe makes this slow but beautifully shot film compelling throughout.
FAIR Dafoe is eminently watchable, and for the most part it's a distinctive, atmospheric movie that cherishes the persistence of mystery.
GOOD There's a gripping moral weight to the questions of survival and profiteering the story raises, and the worryingly inexact moment when our interest in endangered species tips over into thoughts of human gain.
BAD You want to say: "Can I have the message in a separate envelope and just spend the film looking at the landscapes?"
BAD Unfocussed and thematically overburdened. More could have been said with less.
GOOD The Hunter is a taut, thought-provoking and ultimately touching drama with wonderful work from Dafoe, O'Connor and Sam Neill as a local guide with conflicted loyalties.
FAIR If you go down to the woods today, you're sure of a big surprise, in the form of an elegant genre-hopper coming on like Werner Herzog meets Michael Crighton.
GOOD Quietly gripping, atmospheric and beautifully shot drama with a terrific central performance from Willem Dafoe, an effectively sparse script and some stunning location work.
FAIR A slow-burning, beautifully shot, understated philosophical thriller.
FAIR It's certainly enjoyable to watch the beanie-hatted, craggy-faced Dafoe set animal traps with his bare hands.
FAIR Predictable, a pastiche of conventions, but strange nonetheless, and not always in a good way.
BAD A movie with more plot than it can comfortably handle.
FAIR I know what they were going for. This was more about the spiritual journey than the actual action plot, but it just doesn't gel.
BAD It's all intended to be darkly metaphorical. In actuality, it's a mediocre film unfolding without plan, purpose or enthusiasm.
BAD It has intriguing parts but they do not come together.
GOOD With a rucksack of gadgets, Dafoe makes a believably cunning tracker, and when he finally confronts his prey, the mutual respect feeds a poignant parable.
GOOD While the film threatens to fall into cliche, excellent cinematography and another mesmerizing performance by Willem Dafoe keep it engaging enough to the point that it develops a fascinating rhythm of its own.
FAIR Where the title character travels is a visually and emotionally striking journey.
BAD Not much happens in "The Hunter." And what little does happen, happens very slowly. And then is repeated.
FAIR The character arc is strong on paper but not well-realized on film, and therein lies The Hunter's greatest failing.
FAIR By the time The Hunter jettisons its narrative ballast altogether and embraces its elemental appeal, it's too late.
FAIR The film is really Dafoe's show, and he reminds once again why he is such a tremendous actor and also one so easy to underestimate and take for granted.
FAIR Nettheim films long stretches without dialogue and lets the landscape take centre stage, relying on Robert Humphreys' superb camerawork to tell the story.
BAD In this unfocused and highly antidramatic film, Dafoe is measured for a role that requires him to be empathic and exceedingly normal; it doesn't fit.
FAIR If that synopsis sounds a tad predictable, the outcome of the film is anything but, and The Hunter, with its spectacular cinematography by Robert Humphreys, parallels Dafoe's character and that of his prey, both human and otherwise.
FAIR Willem Dafoe is the perfect actor to carry a film like The Hunter, which is guided by the internal journey experienced by his unusual character.
FAIR Mostly this is just too mild, too quiet, too distant. It tracks its target. But it never quite manages to get it in its sites.
BAD There's zero tension in Bishop Young's story, as every crisis on his path is easily solved with a gentle montage of scriptural consultation and hugs all around.
BAD Fashion biopic is OK for teens; more style than substance.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Less an evolution of the most famous fashionista of the last century, and more an exploration of how an influential figure found love while finding her calling.
FAIR If Chanel's early years were really this boring, why bother with them?
GOOD An interesting, but slow, look at the life of the legendary Chanel before she became famous.
BAD there were better ways to portray fascinating life of Coco Chanel
GOOD A movie that is tres chic even if it sometimes resembles those corsets Coco banished, a little stiff and confining.
FAIR I don't remember ever seeing a photo of Chanel before, but when we see Tautou as the middle-aged, iconic Chanel, a cigarette dangling insouciantly from her lips, I knew it was an uncanny resemblance.
FAIR Ultimately, [Benoit Poelvoorde] is the one who holds this knotty yarn in place.
GOOD This guilty pleasure costume drama leaves you wanting to know more about this extraordinary woman considered one of the most influential in the 20th century. Let's hope that Fontaine can do a follow-up with "After" in the title.
FAIR The script...adheres closely to biopic conventions but is brought alive by the magnetic performance of Tautou with strong support particularly from Poelvoorde and Devos.
BAD 'Coco Before Chanel'? Whose bright idea was that? Isn't that like 'Amelia Before Airplanes'? Or 'Frankenstein Before Med School'?
BAD A better title: "Coco Before She Was Interesting."
FAIR Earlier in the year we had Julia Childs, two weeks ago we has Amelia Earhart, and this week we have Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel. Who's next? Rachel Ray and her journey to invent edible crayons? Hannah Montana's battle against Dissociative Identity Disorder?
BAD A familiar lemonade-from-lemons period biopic or, in the case of the fashionista, a smart-suit-from-tattered-threads tale.
FAIR There's a lot to like here. The film looks beautiful, and Alexandre Desplat's score is suitably moody.
FAIR The thread connecting the ambitious girl to the acclaimed woman is enough to make us wish for a sequel titled Chanel No. 2.
GOOD Fontaine manages to create a film that captures both the essence of its subject and the times and circumstances that helped to shape her.
FAIR A bit more of Coco becoming Chanel was what I expected, and what would have elevated this film beyond the typical period-piece love story fare.
BAD In Coco Before Chanel, Audrey Tautou coolly charms as the designer in her formative years. On a scale of 8, the film is a Chanel #5.
FAIR Like the recently opened Amelia, the story could well be an accurate depiction of Chanel's life but it, too, is not all that engaging.
FAIR We are used to seeing Tautou play the sweetheart. Here, she's anything but. Constantly smoking, dour, unsmiling, critical, she plays a character difficult to warm to but fascinating to watch.
FAIR Audrey Tatou may have been born to play Coco Chanel ...
FAIR It's nice when so many technical and emotional elements come together in a film. Coco Before Chanel is a hard luck, true life fairy tale story told with poignant humility, embellished with solid acting and determined direction.
FAIR Although technically a biopic based on a nonfiction book by Edmonde Charles-Roux, Coco Before Chanel plays more like an engrossing, classy period piece.
FAIR Tautou's sophisticated portrayal won't allow viewers to dismiss Coco as kept. Coco's talents are too pronounced, her approach to intimacy, to life, too aware for that.
BAD It's a perfectly nice period piece and biographical backgrounder, but the film feels as though it's a meal of tasty side dishes that lacks a main course.
FAIR The film, although sumptuously produced, is a staid and conventional account of her early years.
GOOD The film, understandably, leaves you wanting more about the rest of the designer's life, but Coco Before Chanel is wisely focused on those years in which she became herself.
BAD A droll and humorless story, it is a lifeless rendition of the early life of Coco Chanel before she became famous.
FAIR The movie does a good job of presenting the social strictures that Chanel refused to be bound by, none more immediate and ubiquitous than the clothes women were expected to wear.
FAIR It would seem that Fontaine has a keener eye for the elements that made Chanel's style than she has an ear for dialogue. But she gets a splendid performance from Tautou.
GOOD The film loses some of its fascination when Coco is unmistakably launched on her career path. But that's when the story ends; this is titled Coco Before Chanel for a reason.
FAIR One can see where the story might be of great interest to fans and devotees of Chanel, but for casual viewers who have never seen her as more than the face behind an empire, there's too little in this movie to provide more than a casual diversion.
BAD Comic mayhem, potty humor in amateurish dog comedy.
GOOD Adults will get this movie, but kids won't.
GOOD There's good on-screen chemistry, good acting, and an incredibly well written and clever ending.
BAD Bandits' most intriguing plot line, the three-way love story, merely hints at the complexity of a two-man/one-woman relationship and never moves past the initial stages of cuteness and adolescent eroticism.
FAIR comedy, a great cast, an intelligent script, but a weak ending.
FAIR As the eponymous bandits, tough-guy Willis, with his usual array of slanted smirks and horrendous hairpieces, is easily outshone by the versatile Thornton.
BAD The action-comedy could have easily been a delightful romp thanks to its A-list cast and well-written script, but poor editing causes Bandits to be just another hum-ho movie.
FAIR Thornton and Willis save the day with their performances.
FAIR It is an unexpected blend of caper, buddy flick and romantic comedy, brought to life by a skilled cast who look for all the world like they are having themselves one heckuva a blast.
FAIR Sometimes funny, sometimes boring, overall a mediocre film
FAIR Who in his right mind would fall for the woman in this movie?
FAIR Sin mayores pretensiones que la de divertir un rato, logra su cometido con creces.
FAIR ...flimsy stuff, to be sure...but it's good-natured fun and provides as many or more laughs as any straightforward comedy released in 2001.
FAIR Thornton's brilliant performance justifies a great deal of the pap on display.
BAD The reparte in Bandits is annoyingly clownish and the only inquiry you find yourself wondering about is how both leads Bruce Willis and Billy Bob Thornton manage to keep those shaggy hairpieces on their pates without the wind blowing them off!
BAD Calls its subjects heroes and ends up making a joke of them.
GOOD It's just about impossible not to fall for the ingratiating trio, especially Thornton's Terry.
FAIR This is obviously not a serious, or a believable, film. It is just very thin, light entertainment.
FAIR Without this Billy Bob Thornton and Cate Blanchett, it would be difficult to imagine this caper being such a spirited screwball romp.
BAD How can I say this without being a heartless bastard? BANDITS absolutely sucked.
FAIR Three enjoyable performances are enough to place it on the map.
FAIR It's still funny, but the flabby bits in-between the comic set-pieces and character-driven scenes are, quite frankly, an annoyance.
FAIR Star power and chemistry save this one from complete disaster, but actors alone can't turn a mediocre script into a fantastic film.
BAD A comedy with a weird identity crisis.
BAD the movie's only consistency is its maddening unevenness
BAD What started as cute becomes cloying and bloated.
BAD Somewhere within the scattershot confines of Barry Levinson's Bandits lies a halfway decent movie struggling to get out.
FAIR The mix of comedy and action is smooth and utterly enjoyable.
GOOD The movie is really about the conversations and throwaway repartee, deftly directed by Barry Levinson ("Diner") and impeccably delivered by the cast.
BAD Neither as thrilling as it could have been, nor as funny, Bandits is instead genial and inoffensive emotional slapstick.
BAD How appropriate is that title for a movie that stole two hours of my life?
FAIR Takes a conventional setup and gives the characters and performances so much life that they prove to be anything but commonplace.
GOOD ...crafted so effectively and concisely that, yes, it probably succeeds "Shrek" as the best comedy of the year.
FAIR Olsen is one of Hollywood's best young actresses. There is nothing she can't do. In the long run, it's the men who'll wish they'd done more to support her suffocating sense of loneliness here.
BAD No knocks to Emile Zola -- who wrote the 1867 French novel which serves as In Secret's source material -- but the story is stretched excruciatingly thin in this adaptation.
BAD Lange at least has an angle on her character; the rest of the cast simply hit their marks and spout dialogue like robots, delivering lines which should evoke erotic fervour, but are exchanged without urgency, conviction or belief.
FAIR Notable largely for the anguished, nuanced performance of Jessica Lange ...
BAD The problem is that audiences are likely to become as fed up with the murderous lovers (Oscar Isaac, Elizabeth Olsen) as they become with each other.
FAIR Perhaps the story lends itself rather more to a TV serial, giving Therese time to suffer in her oppressive marriage before embarking on a reckless and ultimately doomed affair.
BAD It's hard to make a dull version of Therese Raquin but they seem to have managed it with In Secret, a dreary, uninspired adaptation of the Emile Zola classic.
BAD Olson and Isaac are hot but what have you done to the story, Stratton?
BAD The poison slips down easily enough, but it's diet cola when set against 2009's Korean vampire movie Thirst, still this book's most potent screen translation.
BAD Despite compelling performers and source material, In Secret is a ham-fisted misfire.
FAIR The movie-settish interiors and street exteriors are all painted grunge green or grunge grey: a one-coat Expressionism bordering on one-brush, broad-stroke miserablism.
FAIR Boasts strong performances from a first class cast but never quite justifies its existence.
BAD A tonally indecisive film, which keeps changing its mind about major issues of remorse and ongoing motivation.
FAIR More glum than gripping.
FAIR Sensitive performances from a willing cast bring Zola's novel to life on the big screen.
BAD As the sex and punishment tale turns into a full-on soap opera in its third act, it's a shame to see this cast saddled with this script.
BAD Passionate period drama deals with infidelity, murder.
GOOD Spellbinding, intelligent and suspenseful. Jessica Lange, one of the greatest actresses of our time, delivers a mesmerizing, magnificent performance.
FAIR 'Love Means Breaking All the Rules' is the misleading slogan on one promotional graphic. In this case, the hijinks defined as 'breaking all the rules' include adultery, murder and the excess drinking of absinthe
BAD Not romantic enough, not nearly sexy enough, and not thrilling enough to be considered a thriller, In Secret is easy on the eyes but does little for the heart.
FAIR It's slow moving and can even be characterized as boring in parts, but it did keep my interest enough to finish it.
FAIR Give Stratton and his cast points for effort, but sadly, In Secret lacks the passion to haunt us as much as the main character remains haunted by her own fears and desires.
BAD At one point during the film, Camille says, "Is there anything as depressingly calm as a Sunday afternoon?" In Secret is the cinematic equivalent of a Sunday afternoon.
FAIR The film's principal characters descend into the nightmare made real that compelling storytellers Stratton and Zola build around them.
FAIR "In Secret" doesn't judge its characters' behavior. What it does, instead, is show the bad choices they make and the terrible ramifications of those choices.
BAD Despite its able cast and handsome period costumes, In Secret is, in fact, quite awful.
FAIR An effective period piece thriller that incorporates love, lust, desperation, and madness into a stew thickened by a gothic atmosphere.
FAIR Olsen and Isaac never really create the kind of amour fou that a story like this depends on, let alone the self-loathing guilt that their crime is supposed to engender.
FAIR Isaac is better in his early scenes as a seducer, Olsen is better in her bitter, angry later scenes, but they synch up by the film's over-the-top last moments.
BAD Indeed, the darknesses pile up on one another with such an alarming rate (Murders! Strokes! Secrets!), the tone of the entire film shifts from one of illicit sexual naughtiness to downright death-obsessed Gothic melodrama.
FAIR It's a tragedy captured in hushed tones and muted colors, a story in which everyone and no one is to blame.
BAD Since In Secret is based on a literary classic, it's hard to accuse the movie of feeling predictable, but there's truly nothing surprising in the robotic way Stratton approaches the material.
FAIR Though it's always a pleasure seeing Lange being theatrically anguished (you expect the skies to part with thunder), or Olsen's doleful beauty, "In Secret" never quite rings true.
GOOD Unashamedly a soap opera, but it's not only an excellent example of that too easily dismissed form -- it's a soap opera with an agenda.
BAD More anti-human than Antichrist, Matthew Kowalchuck's beyond-black comedy Lawrence & Holloman asks us to revel in the largely-unsuccessful emotional torture of a jerk by a sociopath. And they said cinema had run out of heroes.
FAIR A trailblazer for its culture and certainly makes for a fascinating, if rather long, watch.
BAD ...barely has enough material to fill a 52-minute CBC special, let alone a three-hour cinematic "event."
GOOD A film so crisp with detail that, like other great films, it whisks us away to a locale like nothing else we've ever seen to tell a story that's not quite like anything else we've ever heard.
BAD At three hours and with very little story or character development, there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue.
GOOD This is quite possibly the best Canadian film of all time.
GOOD The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable, allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time.
FAIR The mammoth, 172-minute movie has its share of slow passages. It picks up speed, however, as it advances toward a payoff that has much to say about the ultimate besting of evil.
GOOD From its mystical-mythical opening to the stunning finale, this is storytelling at its most primal and filmmaking at its most original.
FAIR Though some will probably have problems with the film's pacing ... the story holds your interest throughout.
GOOD The Fast Runner, an epic story coming from northern Canada, provides the perfect antidote to this summer of blockbusters.
FAIR It's a masterpiece.
FAIR A rare and remarkable portrait of place that could only be told by the people who own the story and had the sense to buy the cameras.
GOOD This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body, so original is its content, look, and style.
GOOD Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film.
GOOD Often, the film feels more like a state of mind, combining the factual hardness of a documentary with the startling beauty of a surreal, fantastic dream.
GOOD For nearly three hours, this sweeping epic captivates its audience in the way the Inuit elders must have done while reciting the story to spellbound children.
FAIR It may be the most satisfying experience you'll have at the movies this year.
FAIR Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy, but it's worth it, even if it does take 3 hours to get through.
BAD Vastly overrated, this award-winning film features amateurish, unbelievable acting and a minimal storyline. Take away the indigenous people, and no one would be talking about it.
FAIR There's never been a movie quite like it.
GOOD Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.
GOOD A challenging and stunning journey with one of the best chase scenes ever.
GOOD One senses in its playing out that right here, right now, these people, these deeds, these lessons are the stuff of a great legend, one that will be told and retold for countless generations.
GOOD An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.
FAIR I actually enjoyed the story, but it could've been at least a half an hour shorter...
GOOD Atanarjuat, unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain, has the quality of totem.
GOOD A landmark movie that becomes a priceless entryway into a distant land and its people, few of whom will ever seem as foreign and far away again.
GOOD Surviving and getting through the day becomes gripping drama. Even if the good vs. evil story is overly familiar, I guarantee the beautiful, sensual setting is not.
GOOD A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue, betrayal, deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
GOOD It takes us to a world we've never seen, to tell us a story both entirely foreign and completely familiar.
BAD Jet Li film is not for kids.
GOOD Jet Li's true masterpiece of the 2000s is a blitzkrieg of crazy, hard-R martial arts. Forget the need to always know who's beating whom or why in a narrative that's basically negligible. "Dragon's" gritty, giddy grindhouse thrills trump logic.
FAIR The formulaic story cannot weigh down the high-flying, visceral excitement that the film offers in generous doses.
FAIR Li has smartly decided to eschew the all-too-fashionable use of wires for the fight scenes in favor of old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat.
BAD Poor Jet Li . . . he doesn't have the comedic timing of Jackie Chan, the looks or charm of Chow Yun Fat, and he certainly isn't the second coming of Bruce Lee.
GOOD Even to [Li's] long-time fans in Hong Kong and America the results should be eye-opening.
FAIR While Kiss of the Dragon remains a relatively fun little brain-dead punch-em-out worth a rental, it's forgettable at best.
FAIR There are some tangible similarities between rising star Jet Li and Bruce Lee, beyond just the pronunciation of their last names.
FAIR You've got to respect any movie that jumps into an action scene every fifteen minutes, regardless of what that pesky "plot" has to say.
BAD ...has no other claims to fame than its filling up ninety-eight minutes of screen time with plenty of Jet Li and a pile of kicking, punching, and shooting.
FAIR The whole film plays a great deal like an extended episode of "Iron Chef": lots of edged weapons, dead frogs, and campy dialogue.
GOOD A supremely satisfying blend of Hong Kong mayhem and Gallic flair that can only bolster Li's escalating reputation.
BAD Flounders in desperately overwrought dialogue and one of the most incomprehensible plots since 2000's 'Battlefield Earth.'
FAIR It ain't art, but it sure is a good time for anyone who enjoys the occasional bit of bone-crunching entertainment.
BAD Even with three people working on the script ... they were unable to come up with a plot.
FAIR Loaded with explosive set-piece after set-piece, each and every one designed to give Li the opportunity to do what he does best: kick massive butt.
FAIR Whack! Thworp! Crack! Sometimes, it's fun to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of bad guys getting their heads beaten in.
FAIR Nicely filmed, acted and scored, "Kiss" is almost more of a drama than an action film.
FAIR The most enjoyable slice of popsploitation I've sat through all year.
FAIR Expecting a great story in a martial arts film is like expecting a great story in a musical.
FAIR Here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for, if what you're looking for is kickass action.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon offers just about a kill a minute, but less than a thrill a minute.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon does have a sense of its own absurdity, but that doesn't prevent it from cloaking the inherently comic kung-fu genre in a seriousness so solemn that it could be French.
BAD The story is formulaic, but this brutal, fast-paced thriller makes excellent use of Li's martial arts prowess.
GOOD It will separate hard-core Jet Li followers from the fair-weather fans.
BAD Li has an undeniable screen presence -- and legitimate martial arts credentials. He would have profited from a more legitimate script.
BAD The only thing this film seems to be advertising is mindless idiocy.
BAD When a film sinks to the level of making jokes about pedophilic rape, you know it's in big trouble ... it's only saving grace is that it's sometimes laughably bad.
BAD This could have been a compelling movie about a wonderful writer, but instead it's a tedious, pointless mess. After spending over 2 hours with Arenas, I still knew nothing about him. Javier Bardem's great performance seemed to be a complete waste.
GOOD "Before Night Falls" exuberantly portrays a writer whose legacy remains an acutely observant childhood spirit that no perversion of politics could break. Javier Bardem blends the swagger of Robert Downey Jr. and the brooding of a young Al Pacino.
FAIR despite a real commitment to Arenas and his work, the film just falls short.
FAIR The cinematography is beautiful and clearly shows the director's artistic bent, but the storytelling is often disjointed. . . . Ultimately, Before Night Falls is more successful as a Javier Bardem showcase than a movie.
BAD [Bardem] simply does what the script calls for him to do, which is basically sustain a look of pain for two-hours plus.
FAIR Some may find Before Night Falls boring because of its episodic nature and its lack of a single, overriding plot. But Before Night Falls has some great qualities.
GOOD In uniting to honor Arenas, Bardem and Schnabel create something extraordinary.
BAD The film, clocking in at a mere two hours, feels much, much longer.
FAIR Sencillamente, una de las mejores y mas emotivas cintas del ano
FAIR Schnabel can take on an apparently spent genre like the biopic and produce a pair of films that ooze vitality as they give their subjects a much needed celebration.
BAD It seemed to exude more energy into its pretenses than the actual story.
GOOD Although it's sometimes slow-paced and mostly unassuming, Before Night Falls is the sort of movie that can change one's view of the world.
GOOD It's memorably etched in the viewer's mind through Bardem's complex portrait of a besieged but unbowed man.
FAIR The main reason to see Before Night Falls is Bardem, one of the few modern actors with real animal appeal and the guts to show it.
FAIR A trip to the bookstore to pick up Arenas' memoirs might be a better decision than seeking out this miscalculated character drama.
FAIR Paints Arenas as little more than an abstract, idealized vision.
GOOD Arenas is not presented as a cliche, as the heroic gay artist crushed by totalitarian straightness, but as a man who might have been approximately as unhappy no matter where he was born.
GOOD You never know who on the Golden Gate is about to leap to his or her death in this compelling documentary, so you have to keep your eyes glued to the screen. 24 tormented souls linked by suicide as a seductive alternative to their unrelenting suffering.
BAD Little more than a snuff film clumsily dressed up as an art house flick.
GOOD Two dozen souls, linked by suicide as a seductive, and very visible alternative to unrelenting torment and suffering.
FAIR The Bridge avoids reducing its subjects to types, and if the portraits painted are often recognizable -- the person who talks so much about suicide that those around him fail to take him seriously -- they are not repetitive.
FAIR There are harrowing moments: who could not be moved by a parent talking about a son's suicide? But you do not leave the cinema with a better understanding of suicide.
BAD It's gripping viewing but you feel like a voyeur of somebody else's pain. After a while you may feel that you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
GOOD This will get flack for being a "snuff" film - but the real tragedy is how suicide is often hidden away. This film brings it out in the open.
BAD This could be the most morally loathsome film ever made.
GOOD The filmmakers' methods are questionable, but the power of the resulting documentary and the importance of the issues it raises are not.
FAIR despite the shocking, up-close look, we're no closer to a real understanding of the terrible urge to end it all.
GOOD This fascinating, sensitive documentary is an extraordinary film that is both thought-provoking and deeply moving, although it contains images that some viewers may find upsetting.
GOOD Recommended, if sobering viewing.
BAD If harrowing footage of deeply disturbed people contemplating a hideous suicide cross-cut with interviews with grieving loved ones who often blame themselves for failing to prevent the tragedy strike you as art - help yourself.
FAIR The results are striking: an emotional and aesthetic whirlpool of horror, fascination, beauty, and resignation that would probably drown lesser movies but that gives The Bridge an eerie power.
FAIR By his use of interviews of friends and family of jumpers, Steel reminds us that no matter how alone some of these people felt, they weren't without people who loved them. It is a tender, powerful work.
FAIR As tough as the film is to watch, it's even more difficult to turn away. Even though suicide is prevalent in America %u2014 more than 30,000 occur each year %u2014 it's swept under the rug.
BAD Rather slow. Interviews are meaningful and important. Shots of jumpers are rather suspect, ethically.
GOOD Far from being the exploitation of a lesser filmmaker, by recording the friends and families as they work through their thoughts and emotions, the film becomes an unusual act of compassion
BAD Despite its best intentions, however, The Bridge is ultimately only able to raise questions, failing to provide an avenue for a deeper exploration of the taboo subject.
GOOD The problem is knowing who's suicidal before it's too late, and that's a big part of what makes watching (director Eric) Steel's footage such a harrowing experience.
FAIR It's disturbing, needless to say, but also affecting in unexpected ways.
FAIR Framing the debate as being about the Golden Gate masks the bigger problem of a society that does not do a great job at taking care of its most vulnerable citizens, and that's the real scandal of The Bridge.
FAIR The interviews with loved ones keep the tragedies in context and help us process what we see. The true substance of The Bridge lies in their words, rather than the shots of the people they've lost.
FAIR The Bridge does not try to milk these tragedies, which are often shot from a great distance and tastefully edited.
BAD One of (author Neale Donald) Walsch's precepts is that you should never make a living doing something you hate. If I'd known that, I might not have felt obliged to sit through every excruciating minute of this sanctimonious infomercial.
BAD This is death porn, shocking for the sake of being shocking and little else.
BAD The film is not good, it is not average, it is simply not recommendable in good conscience.
GOOD The Bridge is brave and unflinching, unshakably haunting and deeply mysterious. I doubt I'll forget it until the day I die.
FAIR This is one movie that's guaranteed to linger in your mind after you leave the theater, whether you want it to or not.
BAD The decision to keep the process of filming out of the film robs it of too much context.
BAD conjures up ideas of suicide and why people do it, but it never fully explores them
FAIR It de-romanticizes the idea of suicide by italicizing it in all its bleak, brutal reality, while making palpable the tortured predicament of those left behind.
BAD Despite the proficient technique, after a while you may feel you're watching a particularly scenic snuff film.
FAIR Steel assembles a scrapbook of suicide: reminiscences of surviving family and friends and magnetically morbid caught-on-tape records of people's last living moments on Earth.
GOOD The Bridge is both a beautiful film and a disturbing one, and the connection between those two characteristics makes it the most disquieting of documentaries.
GOOD This eerie and indelible documentary about suicide juxtaposes transcendent beauty with personal tragedy.
BAD If a suicide attempt is too personal for the filmmaker to try to intervene, what right do we have to just sit back and watch?
BAD Convoluted erotic thriller, not for kids.
FAIR [It's got] Neve Campbell and Denise Richards making out, all the plot twists and double-crossing of a James Ellroy novel, Neve Campbell and Denise Richards having a catfight in a swimming pool and Bill Murray as a sleazy neck-brace-wearing lawyer.
GOOD I heartily recommend Wild Things for its fits of teasing and eroticism (rare in American cinema) and for Bill Murray who has a great role as Lombardo's attorney.
FAIR Wild Things plays like a long Twilight Zone episode with a thick Everglades breeze to it. READ ON (DVD)->
FAIR One of those films for which the phrase 'guilty pleasure' was invented.
BAD Aging sexpot Theresa Russell gets the most Skinemax-worthy moment in a picture that purports to humour jailbait fiends
BAD Call it gratuitous annoyance.
BAD ...even though the action is spiced up with kinky sex, a quick flash of male frontal nudity and long, lingering shots of voluptuous girls in skimpy clothes, there's a peculiar lifelessness about the whole affair.
FAIR Personally, even though I think that the film's too twisted to be believable, I enjoyed it.
BAD This tale of revenge does manage to sidestep cliches and predictability found in this genre, but it goes too far out of the lines to be appreciated.
GOOD Wild Things is a cut above most of the other recent film noir knockoffs, mainly because director John McNaughton has an unmistakable talent for the tawdry.
FAIR Making good sleaze is more difficult than you would expect.
FAIR On its own terms, it works; that is, each ending is well thought-out and vaguely logical.
GOOD Bacon, Campbell, Murray and Dillon are all fun to watch in this film.
FAIR A quirky little noirish tale of sex, greed and mystery.
BAD A Grade C-Skinemax-Two-in-the-Morning-Nothing-Better-to-Watch flick that tries so hard to be a suspense film full of plot twists.
BAD Wild Things gets into trouble when it aspires to be more than a sex exploitation movie.
BAD It is my dreary duty to report that Wild Things ... lacks fantasy and flamboyance, that it lacks, precisely, wild things, and that most of it is just flat.
FAIR It never tries to pass itself off as art, just pure vulgar entertainment.
BAD Laughably bad.
BAD If Hollywood is going to insist on making awful films, the least it could do is make them as wonderfully, hilariously awful as Wild Things.
FAIR The movie is a lot like a jigsaw puzzle in which all the pieces fit, but you don't know exactly what you're looking at until the very last piece is in place.
GOOD Wild Things is a strange sort of hybrid of a movie, and it's not unlike a very long, somewhat jumbled joke. Great punchline, though.
FAIR It's like a three-way collision between a softcore sex film, a soap opera and a B-grade noir. I liked it.
GOOD Sure it's an exploitation movie, but this twisted Technicolor orgy is also a thriller in the original sense of that word.
GOOD Lucky John McNaughton. Best known for the harder-edged Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer and Mad Dog and Glory," he hits the 90210 jackpot with a slick, steamy tale of nonstop treachery...
BAD The script by Stephen Peters exploits one twist after another, until they seem as manipulative as Richards' wet T-shirt.
FAIR Moderately entertaining trash that turns crafty in the last reel when it is finally called on to explain itself.
GOOD Aaron Spelling meets Joe Eszterhas!
FAIR A film you enjoy or you don't. There's no middle ground.
FAIR ...clever and amusing...
FAIR The expression 'cheap thrills' fits this movie perfectly. That's the only reason to see it. But if you're in the mood, that can be a pretty good reason.
FAIR The most guilt-inducing guilty pleasure movie that I have ever watched.
GOOD A fun movie about a community of people with larceny in their hearts, which delivers humor, some whodunit mystery, and quite a few samples of good-old trashy dialogue.
FAIR Brainless and trashy in the extreme, it's also the most canny fun to be had in a while, if you're partial to a swampside Cheez-Whiz nosh.
FAIR Director John McNaughton has some sly fun with the noir genre in this sex-drenched tale of two young vixens (Neve Campbell and Denise Richards) who accuse their high school guidance counselor (Matt Dillon) of rape and begin unwinding plots within plots.
BAD I've seen more convincing drama (with nearly as much bare flesh) on that pinnacle of narrative quality, Baywatch.
FAIR ...a strong capper to an admittedly uneven series...
BAD You either buy into this premise or you don't and I'm sorry to say I found Rocky utterly preposterous.
FAIR Note to any other would-be franchise revivalists -- consult Stallone.
FAIR It's no knockout, but it does go a solid, nostalgic 15 rounds.
FAIR In the obligatory boxing terms, Balboa will K.O. your expectations, but that may only be because they're rightfully below the belt to begin with--and because this sixth installment is coming after the bell has already rung.
GOOD With "Rocky Balboa", Stallone's created the first real "sequel" to his original, a deserving bookend that recaptures that film's sense of character and realistic detail.
FAIR Stallone, now 60, has something in common with Rocky - he's an awkwardly bulked-up dinosaur, fighting to prove that the game hasn't passed him by. On that level, he succeeds.
FAIR There's nothing particularly memorable here -- no profound triumphs or lasting rallying cries.
FAIR For a series that seemed out of gas decades ago, Rocky Balboa is a knock-out.
GOOD One of the best of 2006, and a wonderful last hurrah for a character that deserved a proper send-off...
FAIR Though technically the sixth in the series, this sure seems an awful lot like a remake of the first film in the storied franchise, as it somehow manages to tug at the heartstrings in a way likely to leave you wiping away tears afresh.
FAIR Rocky se retira con dignidad en este broche de oro de una saga que %u2013con sus puntos altos y bajos- debe considerarse un triunfo personal en la carrera de Sylvester Stallone.
FAIR Stallone wanted this movie to restore dignity to his greatest character. He succeeds, better then anyone might have expected.
GOOD This is a masterpiece of a sequel. And for the sixth entry in the series, that is really saying something. Sly, you've done it! The big guy goes out fighting.
GOOD Realizando seu melhor trabalho como diretor desde sua estreia na funcao no otimo Rocky II, A Revanche, Sylvester Stallone volta sua atencao para o desenvolvimento dos personagens, alcancando otimos resultados.
BAD The ol' lug can't be blamed for wanting one last victory lap, but if you've got nothing to offer except benign nostalgia, just let the gloves stay on the glory-days shelf.
GOOD El mejor episodio desde aquella pelea del 76, tal vez porque no se parece en nada a los 4 ultimos rounds.
BAD The film meanders along this path for a long, slow while, a primitive soap opera dressed up as street poetry.
FAIR ... saura satisfaire autant les fans inconditionnels de la serie que les spectateurs qui auront bien voulu lui donner sa chance par simple curiosite
BAD A nostalgic rush-job filmed for a quick buck.
BAD The unfortunate effect is that of an invisible angel of death hooking Rocky's mouth with a fishing line and implacably reeling him in.
FAIR Ridiculous, but nonetheless enjoyable, this drags a lot for the first half but rallies for the final act with a crowd-pleasing one-two of training montage and fight sequences.
GOOD The Rocky Balboa you were hoping for, dreaming for, and an astonishing personal triumph for Stallone. Bring on Rambo IV?
FAIR If geriatric turtles and a dead wife sound like a slow start, that's the point. Rocky films are essentially exercises in delayed gratification.
FAIR Sylvester Stallone has, of course, made a movie about himself. Maybe part of the reason why the film works is because it's clearly so personal.
FAIR ... Rocky Balboa earns a split decision.
FAIR If you hear the Rocky theme and think '118 118', you might wonder what all the fuss is about. For the rest of us, this is a reminder of why we fell in love with the character in the first place.
FAIR There's a poetic simplicity to this tale (which could be just as much about the has-been boxer looking for some much needed closure as it is about the has-been actor), and we can only hope that this time he really means it.
FAIR ... despite some clunky melodramatics and questionable, MTV-esque editing barrages -- the film swings, stings, and sings.
FAIR There is such poignancy to Rocky Balboa, especially in his advanced years and having been returned to the place in life where we first met him, that the film maintains a genuine effectiveness.
FAIR It's not a knockout by any means, but it still packs a strong emotional wallop and is stylistically closer to the first film than it is to the others in the series.
FAIR Endearing and enduring, "Rocky Balboa" returns for an enjoyable sixth round.
FAIR Returns to the series' character-driven origins and is subsequently the best film in the series since the 1976 original.
BAD You've heard of the Rumble in the Jungle? This sequel is the Viagra-enhanced Fiasco in Nevada.
GOOD The fight sequence is more tongue-in-cheek than glorification. That's fine, because Stallone and his cast earn enough points before the match to make Rocky VI a heartwarming winner.
GOOD A winning pair of lead performances make for a tense, thrilling WWII film.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is an exhilarating ride -- a feel-good yarn about a Mumbai street kid directed by Danny Boyle with a wild energy that makes even Trainspotting (Boyle's calling card) look leaden-footed.
FAIR A compelling piece of entertainment that poses bigger questions than it answers, Slumdog Millionaire is a modern version of the Cinderella story with some spicy food for thought, and an undeniably sweet core.
GOOD The movie's real heat comes from the soulful performances by Patel and stunning newcomer Freida Pinto as Slumdog Millionaire's star-crossed lovers. It's their chemistry, as much as Boyle's exuberance, that sells the whole thing.
GOOD Will he get the money [and], more importantly, will he get the girl? The whole of India is watching and rooting for him and by the end of the film you will be too.
GOOD I got swept up at the end. As will everyone. There's no denying the solid crowd pleaser structure behind this.
GOOD Danny Boyle and company have crafted a film that feels like a project of citizens of the world, not outsiders looking in.
GOOD Dazzlingly photographed Indian locations add impact and Boyle never puts a foot wrong in bringing the gripping fable beautifully to the boil to deliver a masterly movie that deserves every award that's going.
GOOD It's a story with a simple and schematic structure, yet as the film progresses and the stakes get higher it cleverly works the built-in tension of the TV show into the drama of the unfolding narrative.
FAIR What keeps the film semi-worthwhile is Patel's decent lead performance and Boyle's flair for visuals, especially in a film-ending dance sequence. But the payoffs aren't all that great, and the movie doesn't engage on any major level.
GOOD It even ends with a Bollywood-style musical number. I'd like to see those pouty kids in Twilight pull that off.
GOOD Does it live up to the hype? For the most part, yes.
GOOD The movie's real star is the city itself, which is brought to hectic, exuberant life by Boyle and ace cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle.
GOOD This sensational, gripping film is what I call an efficient epic.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is a giddy, breathtaking experience, kind of like winning a million bucks. It's also tough, violent and shocking.
GOOD It's Oliver Twist by way of City of God.
GOOD A great movie is something more than the sum total of all its parts, and here, the elements all come together to form a feature that speaks a universal form of optimism that isn't likely to get lost in translation.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is a film that's rich with character, emotion and pathos - with a supremely uplifting finale that'll leave your head in the clouds, it's the kind of movie that will significantly brighten your day.
GOOD It's a big, exuberant film that revels in the joy of a good story.
GOOD Jets along on a rocket-fuel cocktail of blood-pumping adrenaline, powerful secrets, searing heartache and rousing uplift.
GOOD There's currently plenty of Oscar buzz and it's richly deserved, as Slumdog Millionaire ranks alongside The Wrestler as the two latest masterpieces of the 21st Century.
GOOD I have tried, but I cannot imagine the person who would not have a fantastic time at Slumdog Millionaire.
GOOD Like a director from Hollywood's golden age, Boyle has a particular talent for putting a realistic spin on the outlandish.
GOOD Features a striking hero named Jamal Malik, who is as intrepid, indomitable and pure of heart as an idealized medieval knight.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire immerses the audience in an alien landscape and shows it through the eyes of a young man fighting against history and his own culture's expectations.
GOOD Captivatingly told, dynamically directed and superbly acted; Slumdog Millionaire is near unfaultable.
FAIR Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
FAIR The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version. It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
FAIR It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world. Except me. Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
FAIR It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
GOOD Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
FAIR Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never dips below a certain baseline of handsome competence, making a great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a rugged frame for the action.
FAIR There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
FAIR This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
GOOD This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour. Unexpectedly brilliant.
GOOD The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
FAIR Not as redundant as it sounds ...
GOOD In these times when all risk is assumed by CGI effects, Keaton's squealing funny, exquisitely timed, death-defying leaps are all the more breathtaking.
GOOD The film boasts the most sustained passages of virtuoso slapstick genius Keaton ever shot, and an unflagging momentum that lets it get away with being a reel longer than most of his best-known pictures.
GOOD A hilarious comedy and a thrilling action film. The General has it all.
GOOD This is a silent film worth making a noise about.
GOOD A jaw-plunging blend of physical dexterity and bravura moviemaking.
GOOD Silent masterpiece is enter-train-ment for all ages.
GOOD he General is the highlight of his career's tragicomic performances, featuring not just the awe-inspiring stunts that were his bread and butter, but also a level of fluidity only he and Chaplin attained at the top of their games.
GOOD Keaton proves as endlessly clever and athletic as his screen surrogates...chock-full of hilarious sight gags, including bits of business that incorporate moving trains, cow-catchers, a bear (and bear trap), and a misbehaving cannon. [Blu-ray]
GOOD The General isn't likely to be the favorite opus of the star's purist fans, but it's the one with the trappings of ambition and historical poesy
GOOD Spectacular chases, fires and explosions are captured with fluid camerawork. There are no stunt doubles for Keaton and of course no digital effects.
GOOD The birth of slapstick.
GOOD Amongst the greatest of all silent comedies, The General isn't just important, it's bloody hilarious.
GOOD One of the greatest comedies ever produced. It is Keaton at his inventive best.
GOOD Silent classic is one of Keaton's best
GOOD Keaton's genius has never found more perfect expression.
BAD Vastly overrated; moderately charming but I think I laughed once.
GOOD Perfection.
GOOD Keaton at the top of his form.
GOOD Keaton's most ambitious and one of his most rewarding.
GOOD Its peerless mixture of exciting action and kinetic comedy are one of moviedom's supreme pleasures.
GOOD One of the greatest films of the silent era.
GOOD Newcomers will doubtless be surprised at the excellent pacing of the action.
GOOD Ranks among the greatest movies ever made.
GOOD The General is inarguably Keaton's most stirring movie, if not his greatest.
GOOD There's no point sitting on the fence on this one. Buster Keaton's The General is a work of genius.
GOOD [Keaton's films] have such a graceful perfection, such a meshing of story, character and episode, that they unfold like music.
BAD Father of Invention is not without its comic moments. Unfortunately, they take place during the end credits.
BAD For all its eagerness to please, you'd think Father of Invention could come up with at least one sister of independence.
BAD Highly predictable...
BAD Like Graham and Madsen, Spacey too often gets lost in smaller projects that aren't worthy of his talents. He, and his costars, deserve a more inventive movie than this one.
BAD A floundering comedy with banal messages about putting family first.
BAD The screenplay, by Mr. Cooper and Jonathan D. Krane, is so sketchy that it feels like a hastily executed first draft.
BAD The film promises a nasty little satire for a while but finally goes soft and self-pitying.
BAD Wears its convictions about deception, creativity, and the importance of being a really good daddy on its shopworn sleeves.
BAD A clean S&M flick which only devotees of mental cruelty are likely to find satisfying. Office Space, Japanese Style!
GOOD a bravura performance in a memorable film.
GOOD The best office comedy since Office Space.
FAIR One of the screen's most cuttingly funny looks at office life.
FAIR ... subtly sexual and erotic, despite the fact that every scene takes place in the office and there is not a single overt sexual act or word or gesture or reference.
GOOD A shrewd but spiky satire about corporate bureaucracy and Japanese social stratification.
FAIR The film is more ambiguous about its characters' desire than it needs to be.
FAIR Moves swiftly and builds to a satisfying conclusion.
GOOD Astutely directed by Alain Corneau.
FAIR Harrowing and hilarious.
GOOD Strange and darkly funny culture-clash comedy.
GOOD From its snarky water-cooler comedy to its satisfying dabblings in feminism, the movie has a championship heart in Testud, an electric screen presence any audience will follow as willingly as the camera tracks her marvelously expressive features.
GOOD A smart, funny tale of thwarted dreams and impossible humiliation.
FAIR One of the film's pleasures is its unanswered mysteries.
FAIR A sleek and sublimely deadpan comedy of Japanese corporate manners.
GOOD Hilarious from first frame to last.
FAIR A marvelous cross between Secretary and Lost in Translation.
GOOD Alain Corneau's psychodrama is the latest movie to explore (and to exploit) Western fascination with Japan.
GOOD A fascinating French film set in Japan about power in the workplace and the yearning that fuels a cross-cultural experience.
FAIR Its cultural baggage is sketchy, but the film remains a funny, depressingly honest look at the soul-sucking drudgery of the corporate workspace.
FAIR Offers a fascinating take on the intricate office politics and hierarchical system of honour and duty that pervades the Japanese corporate landscape.
GOOD Zero Dark Thirty is truly one of the best films of 2012. In my list, it is the best...
GOOD "Zero Dark Thirty" shows guts in taking on loaded subject matter and filmmaking confidence and skill in not telling us how we should feel about it.
GOOD ...a somber, black-winged benediction for what we might count as a lost decade.
GOOD a brilliant high tech treatment of the subject and the classified nature of the disclosures
GOOD A film of infectious urgency, questionable accuracy, murky morality and undeniable emotional and intellectual power
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow's Zero Dark Thirty is a grueling masterpiece that captures the hunt for bin Laden with a daunting amount of realism and efficiency.
BAD Indulges Cheneyian fantasies complete with the bad-movie scene of the prisoner's defiance: "You're just a garbage man in the corporation," shouts the Arab who needs a lesson in manners from the Ph.D. (in torture?) who is racking him.
GOOD Bigelow tells the story very well, very efficiently, but doesn't really say much about it, which is ironic given the response to the film in some quarters.
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow takes the procedural model and brushes away every unnecessary detail, leaving behind a heavy, blunt object of a film that is also hugely watchable, engrossing and, best of all... highly suspenseful.
FAIR Rotten Tomatoes notes that I agree with Tomatometer critics 80 percent of the time, but this is one of those times I have to part ways with them.
GOOD Bigelow has directed excellent movies before, but this deserves to be remembered as the film that established her as a master.
GOOD You can't deny that what Zero Dark Thirty sets out to do, it does excellently.
GOOD Bigelow's latest proves a rewarding piece of filmmaking, one that, in its best moments at least, is as gripping and as troubling as anything the director's ever made.
GOOD A ripping revenge yarn.
FAIR Purely as cinematic exercise, Zero Dark Thirty is an exhilarating piece of work. But, beyond its for-the-times subject matter, the work does not linger whatsoever.
FAIR Zero Dark Thirty is interesting as opposed to enjoyable, intriguing as opposed to entertaining, and certainly less memorable than The Hurt Locker.
GOOD It's quite remarkable how Bigelow and Boal managed to take 12 years of information (including a conclusion that everyone knows) and packaged it into a coherent, intimate and intense movie.
FAIR The second half of the film IS the film.
FAIR Whereas Locker was less about war than what it is to have a death wish, ZDT is less about the suspenseful true-life search for Osama bin Laden than the red tape one woman must wade through to prove that a mean old bastard is living in suburban Pakistan.
GOOD One of the finest movies of the year is a thriller about the tracking and, finally, slaying of Osama bin Laden.
GOOD There is no Team America-style, flag-waving bravado behind this story - it is quite the opposite.
GOOD Bigelow has created the best film of 2012.
GOOD "Zero Dark Thirty" is less a celebration how terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden was found and killed than an engrossing examination of why it took a decade to deal with him.
GOOD Following on from the great acclaim of The Hurt Locker, Bigalow's shaky cam and tough talking characters once again take us to the dark side of modern warfare.
FAIR Exhilarating cinema that makes you want to forget all the questionable issues of representation that have come before it.
GOOD So overwhelming is the momentum that it proves possible to live with the intelligence that the protagonist is complicit in ground-level fascism.
GOOD Blistering writing, directing and acting hold us firmly in our seats as this procedural drama snakes its way to a riveting action finale
GOOD Terrifically good, propulsive film-making ...
GOOD Remarkable and engaging piece of filmmaking considering the outcome of the story is well known. A sign of the times we live in and the processes put in place to wrangle the people that choose to live outside the realm of civility
GOOD Not what you'd call crowd-pleasing, this is fascinating - if occasionally harrowing - in its realistic depiction of the intricacies of CIA operations.
BAD A silly, at times despicable film that never remotely deserved an Oscar nomination. Compared with this, Team America: World Police was a think piece.
GOOD We get all imaginable views of the witchy pentacle that is covert US military politics.
GOOD It haunts and lingers long after the lights go up.
FAIR I think this is a medium Loach film.
FAIR In a way this is Loach-lite; it's a decent, concerned film but perhaps a little too pat and a little too familiar, though it's beautifully made.
FAIR Shows a more optimistic side of the filmmaker than audiences may have come to expect
FAIR Ireland's misty blue vistas make an appealing backdrop, and Norton and progressive cleric Andrew Scott share some compelling scenes.
BAD There are vibrant issues here, but Paul Laverty's screenplay never gives the characters more than one dimension. They're stifled as debating points.
GOOD This (possible) swansong from Brit veteran Ken Loach contains some of his finest work in years.
GOOD A really delightful dramatic swan song for Loach, should he stick to his tragic threat of retirement.
GOOD t's been rumoured that Jimmy's Hall is Ken Loach's swan song, and if it is, it's definitely an inspiring note to go out on.
FAIR All told, it's perhaps best seen as a celebration of a man who stands up for his beliefs - almost like a testament to Loach himself.
FAIR Something sparks thanks to Jim Norton's robust but nuanced performance as the cantankerous, obsessive hardliner Father Sheridan, whom he brings to life with terrifying fire and not a little caustic humour.
FAIR You'll laugh and you'll fume. That is what we've come to expect.
GOOD While its depiction of 1930s rural Irish life seems a mite more picturesque than it does lived in, the scenes in which characters air their grievances and debate their communal response, as ever in Loach's films, are full of urgency and hope and life.
FAIR Jimmy's Hall is covered in a misty-eyed nostalgia at times but it is also infused with a sense of melancholy and anger.
FAIR It's not the Devil, but the Communists who have all the best tunes in 1930's Ireland. Jazz tunes that have the local community jiving in Jimmy's Hall, an entertaining tale of Reds, raves and political repercussions.
FAIR It all looks grand (thanks to Loach's regular cinematographer Robbie Ryan) but the lush greens and russet reds tweely disguise any red-bloodedness. This is minor Loach.
GOOD Cinematographer Robbie Ryan coaxes the screen to marvels.
FAIR If it proves to be Loach's swan song, it's a graceful note to bow out on.
FAIR Loach and Laverty are obliged to emphasise the violence to stoke the fire in Jimmy's belly, because all they have to define their hero are the forces that oppose him.
GOOD Jimmy's Hall is is one of the sunniest, most optimistic films in the Ken Loach canon.
GOOD It all looks great, a dream of Ireland before the blissful bungalows.
FAIR It's a warm, romantic little period drama, with inspirational messages about working for "need not greed". But its rousing music is the only element that gets the heart beating faster.
BAD Loach has created an impassioned and socially conscious film about a fascinating working-class Irish hero.
BAD Loach has done better before; hopefully in the future he will again.
FAIR It was infectious in a strange way, but after about an hour of this it begins to drag a bit. The movie ends up not going anywhere.
FAIR A bloody, gruesome black comedy that's not for kids.
GOOD Mary Harron asks what's more unnerving - exaggerated, imagined violence or vacuous realities some wish to be real, psychosis as much in the construct as the character. Thus, "Psycho's" savagery goes beyond a simple screed against 1980s excess and greed.
FAIR Harron' s incisive eye and Bale' s bravura performance carry the day.
GOOD American Pyscho is one of those films that makes you laugh uncomfortably throughout and you just walk away feeling disgusted. The flick is definitely an underrated masterpiece.
GOOD One can picture Kubrick handling this material with a similar elegant malevolence.
BAD The real shame about Psycho is that there are glimmers of the very smart satire that could've been.
BAD Despite a game performance from Christian Bale, American Psycho never quite achieves lift-off.
GOOD It's smart, frightening and funny.
BAD Comes across as cold to the core, as if untouched by human hands.
GOOD This is one of these films that you either love or hate. I loved it.
FAIR Funny-one-minute, horrifying-the-next film.
BAD When not bludgeoning a business rival with an ax, well-heeled killer Patrick Bateman bludgeons the audience with the film's messages.
GOOD Really brilliant in the way it takes the viewer inside Bateman's world.
GOOD A diretora Mary Harron desempenha admiravelmente bem seu papel, criando um encadeamento logico que, analisado em retrospecto, expoe a linha de raciocinio de Bateman.
FAIR A well-crafted yet essentially innocuous period piece.
GOOD Director Mary Harron takes a theatre of the absurd approach to the controversial best-seller.
GOOD Brett Easton Ellis' controversial and violent novel American Psycho is about as black as comedy gets, and Harron captures the tone and themes perfectly here, highlighting the vacuousness of 80s consumerism without pulling any punches at all.
GOOD An uneven movie that nonetheless bristles with stinging wit and exerts a perverse fascination.
FAIR If all of Ellis's characters more or less stay the same, Harron's film suggests that, like the '80s, Bateman to shall pass.
GOOD The best monster movie in years.
BAD Sex, drugs and sadistic homicide mark disappointing Sundance buzz-maker.
GOOD Una de las mas comentadas, ingeniosas e inteligentes peliculas del ano
FAIR a potentially sensationalistic film that has become--for lack of a better word--boring.
GOOD God, sex and the blues are mashed together and deep fried southern style in Craig Brewer's unique Black Snake Moan.
FAIR With excellent performances, plays on morality and sexual behavior, Brewer composes another surefire classic.
BAD Craig Brewer, the promising director who hit it with Hustle and Flow, seems to harbor a need to exorcise his white burden through films centered on black music.
FAIR Brewer knows his music, and how to make it the center of a story; if he only did a better job filling in the rest of the blanks, this might've worked.
BAD Moan? You're more likely to be groaning - or possibly hooting with laughter at the implausibility of this messy, misogynistic melodrama.
FAIR I did expect there to be a stronger emotional connection between Ricci and Jackson, but that said, the two actors were impressive to watch.
FAIR Pulpy Southern immorality tale is for adults only.
BAD Chaining people to your radiator is a Wrong Thing To Do. This is not the opinion of Black Snake Moan.
FAIR Basically, the movie is an old-fashioned morality play, for all its lurid details.
GOOD A fascinating, colourful, sometimes outrageous film that succeeds because it was built on a solid foundation.
GOOD Black Snake Moan is highly recommended for anyone who is tired of films with scripts that insult their intellect or that boast superficial performances by mediocre actors.
GOOD A superbly written, brilliantly acted and frequently surprising film that is by turns sexy, shocking and ultimately moving.
FAIR Jackson's elegant performance gives the frequently tough to swallow story some credence.
BAD It's so profoundly, mind-blowingly offensive that you almost have to admire the writer/director Craig Brewer's nerve.
FAIR Sam Jackson delivers the electric blues in a not-so-blue movie that promises more Deep South sin than it actually delivers.
BAD This is an unusually bold film, but it's also a morality tale that's riddled with hypocrisy and is frankly offensive. Not a blues movie as much as a blue movie.
FAIR The concept works better in esoteric theory than it does in actual practice.
FAIR Moody and full of atmosphere, this film has a terrific premise, but no plot to speak of. It's an intriguing character study, beautifully filmed and acted but ultimately somewhat empty.
FAIR The pace may be uneven but the music side of this album is worth watching and especially listening to.
FAIR This edgy story may seem heavy and dark, but it's infused with a great deal of humor.
FAIR While writer-director Craig Brewer's Black Snake Moan isn't the film his earlier Hustle & Flow is, it's got its peculiar Southern Gothic appeal. Moan transcends its trashy, exploitative trappings, rising to a homey sort of salvation.
FAIR ...compelling, surprisingly non-expoitative...
FAIR A dismal trailer and misguided promotion make this look like a gothic horror story, when, in fact, it is a feel good love story.
GOOD Is it trash or art? Maybe it's a bit of both. It's certainly one of the most 'alive' films out there.
GOOD Jackson's best performance in more than a decade
FAIR This could all too easily be seen as an offensive conceit exploiting real-life sexual trauma for exaggerated screen imagery, but the film works because the performers make it feel real.
FAIR This is a bluesy, emotional journey that casts a powerful spell.
BAD And the Oscar for Best Performance in Her Underwear goes to ... Christina Ricci, playing a pint-sized Jezebel who gets a spiritual wedgie from a half-crazed, blues-singing black man named Lazarus.
GOOD Tells its screw-loose story in such a forthright manner and with such heedless and fearless energy that you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen, even if you are busy rubbing them out of sheer disbelief.
GOOD What Brewer may be doing, other than having a blast, is dragging a lot of ghosty old racial-sexual prejudices out into the disinfecting sunshine to be laughed at as they shrivel and die.
FAIR Proof-positive that screen chemistry can trump trash, and that it's hard out here for a nympho, too.
FAIR In Black Snake Moan Brewer balances race, religion, and sexuality in a strange yet intriguing storyline that exposes the human soul and how some people deal with emotional pain.
BAD That's the hypocrisy that tears this fascinating film apart: The female sexual urge must be broken, but the male sexual urge can be celebrated in song.
FAIR Delightfully outrageous, Black Snake Moan is an explosive mixture of sex, race and down-South swamp water.
FAIR The concept may sound a little strange at first (and trust me, it is), but that only opens the door for some truly comedic scenes between the two lead actors.
FAIR Recommended mainly to the more devoted Singleton fans, Baby Boy is pretty strong evidence of a filmmaker who still has plenty to say.
FAIR ...while it's not as gritty as Boyz N the Hood or as compelling as Higher Learning, Baby Boy is certainly worth checking out if only for the superb performances...
FAIR There's no cuddling this Baby Boy, a profoundly sad commentary on the vicious circle that continues to terminally plague our bewildered, impressionable and disadvantaged young urban black men.
FAIR Johnson and Rhames are superb as Jody's charming, hard-working mother and her ex-con boyfriend Melvin.
BAD It's an intermittently powerful but deeply flawed film.
FAIR Never rises above the level of a soap opera.
GOOD 'Baby Boy' is a powerhouse of a film, and so sexy it's like celluloid Viagra.
BAD "Singleton's thesis is that pervasive racism and a lack of role models have psychologically infantalized Afro-American men."
BAD If nothing else, its thematic originality makes it a unique and groundbreaking work.
GOOD A powerful indictment of irresponsibility by the director of "Boyz N the Hood."
FAIR Affecting if sometimes overwrought.
BAD John Singleton must believe the truth will set him free, for he tells it, uncompromisingly, in Baby Boy. You may or may not like what you see, but there it is, indisputably, right in your face.
FAIR Superbly acted by everyone involved (Rhames does his best work since Pulp Fiction), the film is really more about character than plot, though frankly, at more than two hours, it could have used a bit more of the latter.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube. He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks. He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not just go back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged. But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD There are no superlatives which can adequately describe the sheer unadulterated joy of watching David Lean's 1962 classic on the silver screen.
GOOD Still astonishes.
GOOD Deathless, and looking as good as new.
GOOD You'll need to dedicate half a day to it - but this deserves to be seen again on the big screen.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD Lean's great Lawrence Of Arabia biopic honours him with a complex, sympathetic but a compelling portrayal.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
BAD Mediocre thriller of the betrayed-woman genre.
BAD This is the work of a director who seems to have been as bored and uninspired making this movie as I was watching it.
BAD High Crimes has its fair share of decent courtroom scenes but the legal tussles are far better than the emotional ones.
FAIR ...Starts out as a taut and intriguing story but seems to get more preposterous as it goes...
FAIR Military whodunit isn't great drama, but director Carl Franklin's skill makes for an above-average thriller.
FAIR [Judd and Freeman] radiate an intelligence that makes so-so movies seem much better.
FAIR This thriller-by-numbers fails to add anything fresh to an already exhausted genre.
BAD Sure it's a good movie...if you've never seen one mystery flick in your entire life!
BAD The twists and red herrings of the plot are so telegraphed to the viewer that they hit the screen with the detached precision of a bus schedule.
FAIR The movie doesn't leave a person looking at his watch every few minutes. But the action is too far-fetched and the ending, in particular, is unconvincing.
FAIR A well-mounted and well-acted suspense movie that, thanks to its illogical script, falls off a cliff midway through.
BAD 'High Crimes' is criminal, criminal filmmaking. It's bad, and not in that '80s good way, just not good.
BAD May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists.
FAIR O roteiro nao insulta nossa inteligencia, o que ja e uma vitoria, nos dias de hoje; mas tambem nao nos obriga a usa-la, o que e uma pena.
BAD Conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' ... where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences.
FAIR Presents nothing special and, until the final act, nothing overtly disagreeable.
FAIR The movie is good and worth seeing - I just would have expected this kind of talent to team up for something more ambitious.
FAIR A definite misdemeanor bordering on a felony.
BAD This script has more holes than a golf course.
BAD It becomes evident that the plot is just a machine to jerk the audience around, and a poorly oiled machine at that -- it clanks when it should click.
FAIR A by-the-numbers mystery/courtroom drama for the Matlock crowd
BAD Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream, it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest.
BAD Undermined by too many problems -- contrivances, recycled suspense/thriller elements, some bad/rough editing, etc.
BAD Stale and cliched to a fault.
FAIR High Crimes has its moments of chicanery that works intermittingly throughout the plot, but for the most part it's a mere misdemeanor of a military courtroom drama that never really challenges the audience's imagination.
BAD Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire.
FAIR It reunites the winning "Kiss the Girls" team of Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman. The chemistry still works.
FAIR Loaded with false alarms, shocks, and a few twists, the story wends its way enjoyably toward resolution, assisted by a nicely constructed set of revelations.
FAIR Our enjoyment of High Crimes depends entirely on how much we identify with these characters -- our immersion in their lives is precisely what carries us over the large and unsightly wrinkles in the script.
BAD Ashley Judd is quickly outdistancing Sandra Bullock for Hollywood's longest streak of bad leading-lady choices.
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
FAIR If the aim of the picture is to trigger introspection in an audience about the consequences of the choices one makes in life, then bull's eye!
BAD ...3 Nights in the Desert is a thoroughly unpleasant homecoming of three friends getting the band back together...
BAD A three-handed "Big Chill" that goes on two nights too long, and still feels rushed, underwritten, under prepared.
GOOD Mathieu Kassovitz's gritty, documentary-like second film is a powerful comment on class and racial disparity.
GOOD La Haine does not provide an easy answer. So you have to struggle intellectually for yourself.
FAIR The conveniently manufactured ending is a let-down, but the display of raw emotion and kinetic energy lingers with the viewer long after the film is over.
GOOD An inspired achievement from Mathieu Kassovitz.
GOOD ...powerful...
GOOD Writer-director Mathieu Kassovitz mines so much tension and pointed dialogue from a low budget and deceptively simple premise that you wonder why so much of current Hollywood's own social realism ends up shooting $50 million blanks.
FAIR Hate is, I suppose, a Generation X film, whatever that means, but more mature and insightful than the American Gen X movies.
GOOD Back in 1994, I was a rookie young reviewer cutting my teeth and slowly losing the will to live watching the bloated Hollywood fare of Forrest Gump, The Flintstones and Lassie. Then, along came Pulp Fiction, swaggering with cool and bending all the rules.
GOOD Unmissable.
GOOD Now where did we put our gold watch?
GOOD This movie gets its charge not from action pyrotechnics but from its electric barrage of language, wisecracks and dialogue, from the mordant '70s classicism of its long-take camera style and its smart, offbeat, strangely sexy cast.
FAIR Whether you call it razzmatazz, pizazz or sizzle, Pulp Fiction's got it, enough style for a dozen movies and, truth be told, enough story for five.
GOOD Pulp Fiction isn't the sleazy work of a shock artist giving us things no one else will put on film. This is the work of someone talented, smart and thrilled to be making movies, giving us things no one else can put on film.
GOOD At 153 minutes, the movie does occasionally flirt with tedium, but the risk is worth it: The whole is finally greater than the sum of its pulpy parts. What could have been an anything-goes pastiche has surprising rigor and narrative clarity.
GOOD Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction is a Saturday Night Fever dream: a hot, dense, wicked disco of tough-guy posturings, vivid dips of violence and literally unbelievable plot moves.
FAIR John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson are terrific as talkative hit men, and Bruce Willis is equally good as a boxer who refuses to throw a fight.
GOOD In terms of mood and style, it could be the most influential film to come along since Blue Velvet.
GOOD If you smile at David Mamet's dialogue, you'll laugh out loud at the words of Quentin Tarantino.
GOOD Its dedicated fan-base and the pop-culture reverberations that have flowed steadily from it, almost 20 years on, echo Tarantino's achievements with Pulp Fiction. Unassailable filmmaking.
GOOD When the dust settles, just as the Coens will ultimately be seen as the canniest literary critics of their generation, Tarantino will be seen as the most perceptive, most instinctive film critic of his.
GOOD A balls-out postmodern comedy par excellence. It's a Royale with Cheese. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Look deeply enough, and the universe emerges in full.
GOOD A modern classic, more memorable than the 1970s flicks that inspired it.
GOOD Samuel L. Jackson's wallet from the film is sitting in my back pocket right now. Enough said.
GOOD But what makes the film such wicked fun is the way Tarantino delivers the familiar with a twist. He continually prepares us for one thing and then delivers another.
GOOD In most cases, the three-act, A-to-B-to-C film formula works just fine. But the letter Q makes the other letters obsolete.
GOOD A devilishly lurid blast of great entertainment. Ultra-violent and wickedly funny.
GOOD A brash, smart, wildly entertaining movie that will be oft imitated but never duplicated.
GOOD Pulp Fiction is the best film of 1994, and of this decade.
GOOD The most original and satisfying film of the year.
GOOD Without its commitment to an idea of salvation, Pulp Fiction would be little more than a terrific parlor trick; with it, it's something far richer and more haunting.
BAD This fictional world, though rendered imaginatively, can't sustain the movie.
GOOD This film is a conceptual tour-de-force.
GOOD Pulp Fiction is the first masterwork of the post-modern pop culture generation.
GOOD This one is good, real goooood.
GOOD ...postmodernism in a frenzy, a kind of chaotic quantum physics of film.
FAIR Quentin Tarantino's second feature, Pulp Fiction, is at once immensely entertaining and remarkably weightless.
FAIR Jean Harlow shines in her penultimate film.
GOOD It's a strong and at times gripping offering from Hollywood's cosiest A-list filmmaker/star pairing.
GOOD Every detail of the production design is on point for maximum dread and psychic confusion.
FAIR As hard as Shutter Island works to convince you that is a dumb but flashy thriller when it is actually a fairly smart one, it may well be as hollow as any magic trick.
GOOD Scorsese and DiCaprio, in their fourth film together, again create an intense, provocative film-going experience, where the ride, accommodations, and destination are all first class.
FAIR Fortunately, the music chosen to underscore the ever-increasing sense of unease and mystery (artfully selected by Robbie Robertson) is a constant pleasure.
GOOD Shutter Island, is even less 'important' than The Departed. But Scorsese is clearly enjoying himself with this old-school throwback to thrillers past. And it's hard not to revel in it with him.
BAD When the big reveal hits, it's the first big yawn of the film, and the tension dies a sudden death as we wait impatiently for the film to tie up all of its loose ends.
FAIR Shutter Island, after an involving and entertaining beginning, settles for a victory by judges' decision rather than a final knockout.
FAIR Multiplex entertainment this distinctive and provocative doesn't come along every day: it's a head trip well worth taking. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a creepy psychological thriller...short on psychology, characterization, suspense, tension, or thrills.
GOOD Ilha do Medo e O Iluminado de Martin Scorsese.
FAIR Por momentos excesiva y algo decepcionante, resulta de todos modos un inquietante ejercicio sobre la locura servido con gran habilidad por Martin Scorsese.
GOOD As psychological horror thrillers go, it might be flawed, but it's a technically masterful piece of work.
FAIR Shutter Island is second-tier Scorsese, but not one of his misfires. It does the gothic horror genre proud, but fails to transcend it.
FAIR Scorsesejeva stilska vje%u017Eba koja zaslu%u017Euje daleko vi%u0161e preporuke nego mnogi razvikani naslovi na na%u0161em kino-repertoaru
GOOD click to read full review
GOOD Scorsese packs the film with so many thrilling details, surreal asides and masterful set-ups ... that we can't help but enjoy the ride.
FAIR Neither Scorsese nor Di Caprio is at the top of their game in Shutter Island, but like all successful teams they know how to win when they're playing badly. Good not great.
GOOD Some may find it emotionally distant and cold to the touch, yet that's no slight on its superb construction and fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Luridly entertaining.
FAIR Shutter Island is too long and its increasingly surreal tone provides an ending that's a bit of a cheat. But, since it is a Scorsese picture, there's a lot to intrigue on the way.
BAD Since Scorsese is a stylist, the film is enjoyable. It would be more so if you could take out your brain and experience it only with eyes and ears.
BAD Shutter Island could have been an entertainingly hysterical trainwreck, but the train doesn't even leave the station.
GOOD This is one the year's must-see movies.
GOOD There's no doubt that Marty's still got it.
FAIR At the end of it, I got a whiff of shaggy dog.
GOOD It's a wonderfully inventive, visceral horror film, one of Scorsese's most enjoyable pictures.
FAIR As an exercise in pure style over cliched content Shutter Island weaves an impressive and gripping spell.
FAIR Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.
BAD Unsuccessful but fascinating and often entertaining attempt from Martin Scorsese to wrangle with baroque pulp fiction - by turns compelling, hysterical and silly.
FAIR At well over two hours, it could have done with some judicious pruning but Scorsese still manages to keep the story rattling along with a wry sleight of hand and a masterful manipulation of the narrative.
FAIR As senseless, perverse and unwieldy as it undoubtedly is, Shutter Island might be Scorsese's most enjoyable film in a decade.
GOOD Shutter Island offers sumptuous, enthralling, shivery gothic filmmaking with a hardboiled heart and a sly line in asylum humour.
FAIR ...there inevitably reaches a point wherein Scorsese's expectedly self-indulgent sensibilities hinder one's efforts at wholeheartedly embracing the increasingly convoluted narrative...
FAIR A fitting close to the series.
GOOD I suppose the ultimate point is whether or not Frederic gives in, but the ride itself is quite fascinating.
GOOD a beautiful character study about what it is to love one woman and yet be in love with all women
GOOD The film builds its emotional structure gradually
GOOD What makes Rohmer's films so sparkling and intelligent is the way in which he watches his characters. Nothing escapes him, and he uses the angle of a glance, the tilt of a head, the precise set of a mouth, in order to create wonderfully complex characters
GOOD Just because Mr. Rohmer keeps his focus short, clear and precise, one sees deeply into the lives of his characters without the sort of pretentious distortions of most movies that deal in metapsors.
BAD At least as moral quandaries go, Love has one worth pondering. And if you feel otherwise, you can at least groove on the 1970s fashions.
GOOD There exists in Chloe's characters a rare sort of self-reflection, and it's immensely gratifying to watch in action.
GOOD It's a noteworthy portrait of love, desire and happiness.
GOOD One of [Rohmer's] best.
FAIR Let's be upfront. Olympus Has Fallen is dumb, violent, overlong, jingoistic, racist, predictable, derivative, and whatever other adjectives those with no sense of B-grade fun wish to throw at it.
FAIR While never scaling John McClane-level excitement, Fuqua's film is good popcorn fun
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen has excellent action sequences, and Fuqua does a terrific job making Washington, D.C., look like a battleground. For indulgent viewers, this will be enough.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is a serious take on a silly premise that strains believability and ultimately can't help being just another forgettable action flick.
FAIR It's a seemingly foolproof premise that is, to a slight yet palpable degree, squandered by Fuqua...
FAIR Provided you can handle such deliberate over-kill in the chaotic swirl that goes on here, Olympus Has Fallen offers a super-sized serving of grit-tinged fantasy action guaranteed to satisfy those who don't mind splatter over style.
GOOD In reinventing an old tale in a smart and engaging way, it's a thoroughly entertaining and often riveting way to spend two hours.
FAIR With guns blazing and spouting one-liners, Gerard Butler revels in being the tough guy and leads a decent cast, with all-American Aaron Eckhart a worthy addition to the hallowed list of movie presidents.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is the stupid, dark fantasy of backward white trash America that needs another domestic threat to trigger war.
BAD t's a terrible action film but a brilliant piece of North Korean propaganda. The American characters act so stupidly that you're pretty much rooting for Kim Jong-un. THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS.
BAD What the studio's calling 'an action movie' - the Secret Service will call 'a comedy'.
BAD Having stayed up much of the night to watch the hunt for, and ultimate take down, of Suspect 2 in the Marathon Bombings, it was particularly distressing to watch this vile abomination of a movie whose "relevance" only adds to its dishonor.
FAIR Whether Hollywood is right to keep prodding North Korea simply because it's not a valuable trading partner, only time will tell.
BAD Antoine Fuqua is a dependable action director whose talents will never be maximised while the 1980s continue to be over.
FAIR As this massive blockbuster thriller progresses, it's impossible not to become amused by how ridiculous its script becomes.
FAIR Reactionary fantasy, then - but what else are action films for?
FAIR Some will find it ridiculously entertaining. I found it entertainingly ridiculous. Either way, it's a guilty pleasure.
GOOD Olympus Has Fallen may be pure Hollywood hokum but it remains tense, exciting and credible enough right through to the suspenseful climax, even if the dialogue is laughable at times.
BAD A movie that looks like a Die Hard film, feels (sporadically) like a Die Hard film, but lacks the wit and coiled adrenaline that made that series' debut a classic.
FAIR Has more bloody on-screen deaths than any action film in recent memory.
GOOD Butler hardly knocks it out of the park, but he steals the film. And what a film...
BAD You wonder exactly when and how Butler became today's accepted go-to action hero - and can something officially be done about it?
FAIR It rattles along with no little vim, and there is one excellent joke about the difficulty of finding a computer's hash key when time is tight.
BAD A no-stereotypes-barred, red-scare disaster movie of the sort Jerry "Airplane!" Zucker might write after a head injury.
BAD It's derivative, it's cheesy, it's fantastically unconvincing, its patriotism unabashed, its politics reductive, its morals binary.
BAD A charmless and occasionally laughably bad thriller that's let down by a trite script and a charmless lead performance from Gerard Butler.
FAIR The thrills and the effects are cheap, but this is in hard-driving, good-humoured command of its own silliness.
BAD A gung-ho flag waver that would give even the most ardent American neocon repetitive strain injury.
FAIR Fuqua lights the fuse on the summer blockbuster season with an almighty, ground-shaking bang.
GOOD Once the film stops taking itself too seriously and gives in to over-the-top entertainment, it becomes a vastly superior movie - albeit one with some head-shakingly stupid moments.
FAIR The movie's best moments belong to Gerard Butler though, thriving in a role that's perfect for his capabilities as he establishes a hero we can't help but root for.
GOOD I'd rather have Butler getting shot at than treating women like silly hens in Playing For Keeps.
BAD A grippingly brutal first act and strong cast can't stop this turning into a Steven Seagal film well before the end.
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen is just riotously entertaining, and although nothing particularly new or original, it manages to keep you captivated and takes the viewer on one hell of a ride.
FAIR as dopey as it is deliberate
BAD On the actual Secret Service entrance exam, please tell me one of the first questions is: 'Should you run directly into the line of fire? Yes/No.'
FAIR ...the film's finish is far more grim and bleak than one could possibly have anticipated.
GOOD Relentlessly grim, At Close Range offers a frightening glimpse at the dark side of American life and poses disturbing questions about family ties.
FAIR Engaging performances by Penn and Walken can't quite turn this brutal curio into something more substantial.
GOOD Brittle and rough; full of excellent performances, too.
FAIR Though beginning as a tale about alienated youth, the film quickly devolves into a melodrama of a son (Sean Penn) corrupted by his own father (Christopher Walken) in a valueless world.
FAIR A riveting film about murder, the father-son relationship gone bad and the high cost of rejecting the view that might makes right.
BAD Christopher Walken's hair and bushy mustache almost make the maudlin At Close Range worth watching, but not quite.
BAD There's something bold about the film's wealth of imagery, but it also so overstates the material of the screenplay that it eventually annihilates both it and the story.
FAIR One of the most underrated thrillers of it's time
GOOD "a dark jewel of a drama, with first-rate performances"
FAIR If you like your drama dark and your taste in acting favours the credible-looking but verbally challenged Sean Penn, then you'll likely find At Close Range an interesting movie choice.
GOOD Penn and Walken [are] at the top of their forms in roles that give them a lot to work with.
BAD If Roman Polanski has done a worse film than Pirates I certainly haven't seen it.
GOOD Uneven, misunderstood Polanski film deserving another look.
BAD ...a pedestrian narrative that remains both predictable and uninvolving at virtually every turn...
FAIR Hollywood seems to have belatedly realised where a lot of disposable income is located.
FAIR Douglas and Keaton do just as well with the romantic angle, mostly because he's so adept at dispelling any whiff of mawkishness. Oren's essential orneriness remains, no matter what, and the film turns out to be a lot of fun because of him.
BAD I was absolutely appalled at Michael Douglas' performance in this and I thought he was really so unconvincing but... I think this screenplay is so bad that it's hard for any of those actors to make anything out of it.
BAD Whatever happened to Rob Reiner?... [He] seems utterly disengaged as he ploddingly assembles a film whose potential is never realised.
FAIR These legendary stars don't disappoint in their first screen teaming, and Reiner should have trusted them more to completely take over the film a lot more quickly than he does.
BAD Hilarity ensues. Or not.
BAD Lukewarm romcom has some drug content, swearing.
BAD Perhaps it's unfair to compare cinematic schmaltz like And So It Goes to Reiner's best work, but he and everyone involved have proven capable of so much more.
FAIR While it's a reasonably entertaining movie, it's one that will be enjoyed more by women than men, who might start to fidget after a while.
BAD Where former A-list actors go to end their movie careers. Next stop, a really bad alphabet network TV series.
BAD Engaging, yet forgettable....it's aimed at a senior-citizen audience and should enjoy a long life as a DVD.
FAIR Everything about the movie is as uninspired as the title.
BAD How you react to "And So It Goes" depends entirely on your appreciation of Diane Keaton. The movie is so Keaton-centric it might as well have been titled "La Di Da, La Di Da."
BAD The best reason to see the film lies in the performance of good ol' Frances Sternhagen...her smoky delivery really is priceless.
FAIR This film is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
FAIR Curmudgeon Finds Humanity
BAD A sitcom-like blob of sentimental geriatric gloop.
BAD Thirty years to the week after "When Harry Met Sally,'' Rob Reiner directs the excruciating, mawkish and interminable romantic dramedy "And So It Goes'' with shocking ineptitude.
BAD "And So It Goes" does what it needs to do for its target audience in thoroughly sufficient, mediocre ways.
BAD Adequate perhaps for a matinee on a dull weekday - but only if the senior discount applies.
BAD None of this is remotely funny. It's actually kind of sad.
BAD If director Rob Reiner's AARP-aimed comedy stumbles on several fronts, at least it provides a stage for some seasoned pros to strut their stuff.
BAD What a condescending movie this is.
FAIR And So It Goes hits the right notes to satiate an audience keen for sight gags and the un-PC rants of the over-60s, in a light 90 minutes that never strays too far from the established rules of the romantic comedy.
BAD A movie as generic as its title, And So It Goes is about a cranky old man who gets to know and help a child in need and becomes a happier, better person. Yes, I know. I gagged a little when I wrote that, too.
BAD The movie is mush, featuring a two-dimensional turn by Diane Keaton and a truly atrocious performance by the usually dependable Michael Douglas.
BAD Pure schmaltz masquerading as life wisdom, it pairs Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton for no apparent reason other than that they fit the elder baby boomer cohort the film is squarely aimed at.
BAD In a different movie with a better script, Douglas and Keaton might have been charming together, with his dryness balancing her feathery ramblings.
BAD For most of the film the tension revolves around whether Oren will manage to sell a house for $8-million or merely $5-million. I was on the back of my seat.
FAIR It's a cliched premise no doubt, but thankfully Reiner and cast play up the comedic angle and make what could have been a flat, Lifetime weepy something springy and possessed of an intermittent joy.
FAIR [Stern] may be the master of his domain on the radio, but he doesn't necessarily have a future in movies.
GOOD There are some huge laughs here spread consistently through the picture, and screenwriters Len Blum and Michael Kalesniko put virtually no lulls between laughs.
BAD A biodrama about Howard Stern, who speaks for the nine-year old boy in all of us.
FAIR Better than expected
GOOD Funny and surprisingly self-deprecating.
FAIR A good movie, even though I hate Stern.
GOOD An absolute must-see.
BAD Private Parts is a limited-ambition comedy, one that scores some funny moments mainly because it sets its targets so low.
GOOD The movie's often hilarious, but it's not quite as satisfying as Stern's radio show.
FAIR Succeeds as a mainstream entertainment.
FAIR It may just be grand Stern propaganda, but it's impossible to deny the film's deft comic charm, its sincerely romantic heart, and all that gratuitous nudity.
FAIR People who wouldn't be able to distinguish Howard Stern from G. Gordon Liddy will be entertained by something like an off-colour -- and quite funny -- version of Coal Miner's Daughter.
FAIR Whether you love him or hate him, it's impossible to deny Stern's status in contemporary culture, and this film helps illuminate him, and why he does what he does.
FAIR Surprisingly entertaining but grossly dishonest.
BAD Ultimately, all what we get is a movie version of Stern's show.
BAD Private Parts is nothing but an interminable infomercial about Stern's empty life.
GOOD No matter how much of Howard Stern you've seen, this is a Howard Stern you haven't seen.
FAIR An entertaining motion picture.
FAIR Stern and Quivers are both making their screen acting debuts here, and they do what seasoned actors claim is very difficult: They play convincing, engaging versions of themselves.
GOOD A deliriously funny, frequently outrageous romp.
FAIR Enjoyable and funny.
GOOD Howard's film raises comedy to a new level.
BAD This is Sterno, not heat, but still plenty rude, crude and lewd.
FAIR The film is often as witty and articulate as its subject.
FAIR A entertaining, surprisingly traditional biopic; liberally peppered with Stern's gross-out humor.
FAIR This oft-riotous bio is the ultimate loser-makes-good fantasy.
FAIR Nonstop entertainment.
FAIR After seeing this film, people who don't like Stern probably still won't like him ... but there's a good chance they'll like the movie.
GOOD [A] sure-fire hit comedy.
BAD Hate to make the obvious snark, but sometimes "More" is less.
BAD Another sequel that never should have been committed to celluloid.
GOOD This warm and very smart comedy is set against the backdrop of a war-torn city, like Hope and Glory's London. It's human and never stoops to sanctimony.
FAIR A story worth telling.
FAIR A nice reworking of some very old material.
GOOD Thrillingly energetic dances on film.
FAIR ...a big, brawling, rollicking movie that, old-fashioned or not, helped to open up the movie musical to widescreen singing and dancing.
GOOD one of the greatest musicals, if not movies, of all time
GOOD A magical blend of the right story, a great score, and the astonishing choreography of Michael Kidd.
GOOD Although the powers at M-G-M are deviating from the normal song-and-dance extravaganza in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, it is a gamble that is paying rich rewards.
BAD Can anyone explain the appeal of this to me?
GOOD Accompanying the exhilarating dancing is a fine set of songs, sung with panache, that are memorable for days afterwards.
FAIR Heartfelt Nicholson, not for kids at all.
FAIR About Schmidt is a touching, human story about a man who comes to the realisation that his life is nothing more than a failure.
GOOD A simple, silent, static shot of Nicholson's face is one of the most beautiful, powerful, indelible images of the 2002 movie year.
BAD About Schmidt drives another nail in the coffin of irony. It is as lacking in irony as its blatant crayon drawing ending. It's a synthetic antidote to an ironic world, a superficial contrivance that is getting voluminous applause from those who sho
FAIR Mostly, the satire here amounts to nudging us into feeling superior to other people's lives.
GOOD I don't know if there is another actor alive who could have made About Schmidt as entertaining as it is.
GOOD [W]hen Nicholson decides to bring a character to life, he's so captivating that you forget he's a movie star. Such is the case with About Schmidt.
GOOD At once ridiculous and profoundly touching.
GOOD Comedia melancolica que traz Nicholson em grande atuacao como homem amargo por nao ter feito diferenca no mundo.
GOOD A crazed retiree finds himself bored with life and over-compensating. Nicholson gives another terrific performance while the film's pace drags everything else down.
GOOD Nicholson is fantastic.
GOOD This is Nicholson's most mature work and along with FIVE EASY PIECES and ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST, the one for which he will be best remembered.
FAIR Delivers bittersweet comedy and a heartening message about the ever present possibility of finding significance in the world.
FAIR 'La actuacion de Jack Nicholson mueve a la ternura y la compasion. Verdaderamente entranable.'
FAIR Hard to say what aspect of the film I found most disturbing ... the realization that [the character] resembles my Dad ... or a hot tub scene with a naked Kathy Bates.
GOOD Payne once again shows his deftness with the damning or heartbreaking details as his cast brings across a tidy masterpiece.
FAIR Ultimately, it's in scenes where Schmidt's grief and emotional shock are evinced that Jack shows he's worthy of the plaudits which so freely come his way.
GOOD Tale of Midwestern late-life angst is a triumph for star Jack Nicholson -- but a step back for co-writer/director Alexander Payne.
GOOD There's something not only funny, but ultimately satisfying about seeing Jack Nicholson in "About Schmidt" in bed with a women his age...
GOOD Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message. I loved this film.
GOOD It's the power of Nicholson the actor, not Jack the movie star, that we see here, and what's perhaps most remarkable is that an extraordinary, vanity-free performance - what ultimately might be Nicholson's very best - emerges from such a thoroughly ordina
FAIR A strange and fascinating balance of compassion and satire, riotous laughter and quiet drama.
GOOD Warren Schmidt's existential Winnebago could easily have been navigated by George Babbitt.
GOOD ...humorous and brutal.
GOOD Nicholson has intentionally de-Jacked himself to for this film, and the result is a performance that ranks alongside any this veteran actor has ever given.
BAD Offers only the sporadic laugh, the less frequent original cultural insight and, at best, a craftsmanlike performance from its aging headliner.
GOOD Os dialogos sao otimos, os dois antagonistas sao bem desenhados e corretamente vividos por seus interpretes, mas e uma pena que, nos ultimos minutos, torne-se formulaico demais.
BAD After impressing with his debut, former film critic Lurie has destroyed all of his credibility in the space of two hours with this display of jaundiced jingoism.
BAD Robert Redford's military prison drama contains cruel and unusual punishment -- for the audience.
BAD The movie's poster advertises "a castle can only have one king". That may be true, but how come this "Last Castle" has so many jesters?
GOOD Serves as an intense drama, an intelligent thriller, and an intriguing character study wrapped into a solidly constructed package.
GOOD If I had a castle, I'd want General Irwin on my side.
FAIR Interesante alegoria sobre el valor de la libertad, entretenimiento de alto nivel y bien pensado
FAIR Not a serious prison flick, but director Lurie finds fresh ways to frame familiar situations, and pulls it off with enough tongue-in-cheek wit.
BAD It is not a realistic story at all and it is predictable and derivative.
BAD A career-ending missive from two seriously disturbed individuals.
FAIR Like the high stone walls of the title structure, director Rod Lurie's "The Last Castle" can be stately but sometimes seem a little too stiff for its own good.
BAD Lays everything on so thick that the film becomes a rather comical exaggeration of all it's supposed to be.
FAIR a jingoistic military action fantasy about the enduring power of what it means to be a soldier
FAIR What would ordinarily be called schmaltz is just what the doctor ordered in our present struggle against flag-burning terrorists.
BAD Some films just leave you puzzled, and The Last Castle is one of them.
BAD Preposterous... messy... saccharine.
GOOD As the suspense builds, you'll be on the edge of your seat. And the ending, which involves the American flag, will have you wanting to stand up and cheer.
BAD Devolves into a mundane warden-versus-inmate conclusion.
BAD A heavy-handed military prison melodrama.
FAIR The Last Castle is not as simple as it looks, though its appeal is simple.
FAIR Thanks to Redford and Gandolfini, you might be able to forgive The Last Castle's prison-movie cliches, as well as the rash of improbabilities that undermine the film's extended final prison-yard battle.
GOOD The story is a stirring vehicle for serious themes embodied by sharply drawn characters.
BAD It's not objectionable (which is saying something these days) but neither does it have any compelling reason to be seen.
FAIR When the screen finally darkens and the doors open for our release, we come away mildly entertained by the experience, although definitely grateful to get off with time served.
FAIR The immediate experience of watching The Last Castle is strongly involving, and the action at the end, exciting.
GOOD ...a great movie because it works as a film, and because it is a document of courage and faith, the prime exhibit in Chaplin's humanist brief ... Dictator is a comedy, the work of a clown, but it is no joke. Chaplin had lethal intent.
GOOD While it is not the greatest of Charlie Chaplin's feature films, it is certainly his bravest, if not one of the bravest films ever made.
FAIR ...stared evil in the face long before the rest of Hollywood even thought it was possible.
GOOD Despite the film's weaknesses, Chaplin's lampooning of Hitler is a moment of comic genius, complemented by Jack Oakie's ridiculously exaggerated portrayal of the Mussolini-like Italian fascist
GOOD Though the slapstick may seem tired now, there are moments of greatness.
GOOD It is a funny film, which we expect from Chaplin, and a brave one.
GOOD Un clasico
GOOD Charlie Chaplin's first talkie, made over a decade after the introduction of sound, stands as a brave and controversial piece of filmmaking.
GOOD This is Chaplin's brilliant and heartfelt plea for world peace in an era of rising fascism and mass annihilation.
GOOD ...one of the few motion pictures of the day to stand up and be counted against the forces of tyranny and injustice, for which it must always be commended.
GOOD Now that the waiting is over and the shivers of suspense at an end, let the trumpets be sounded and the banners flung against the sky.
GOOD One of Chaplin's best.
GOOD Flawed and yet brilliant as only Chaplin can be,
GOOD O filme e recheado, de ponta a ponta, de cenas que entraram para a historia do cinema.
GOOD Funny, beautiful, and chilling.
GOOD It may be Chaplin's greatest work, even if it's not his most personal.
BAD Never once does the film feel sharp on black identity (as did Bill Gunn's original), and the terror is theoretical only.
BAD Thought-provoking but slow "vampire" movie from Spike Lee.
FAIR The film's execution doesn't serve its subject matter, making it feel more like an affected thesis than an effective work of art.
BAD A curio that will likely only appeal to Spike Lee's most devoted fans - or those that contributed to the Kickstarter campaign that financed it.
BAD It's clear Lee has some inexplicable love for the source material but he doesn't give us any reason to feel the same way.
FAIR The film is a hypnotically nightmarish mood piece more than anything else; it makes sense and yet doesn't make sense, in the way that dreams do and don't make sense.
FAIR Unrepentant, uneven and unique, "Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" proves that Lee can still make a film worthy of the arguments it will most certainly start.
BAD ...less eerily disorienting than disjointed.
BAD A strange brew that mixes an addiction for blood and the cross of Jesus in a wandering story that turns sour
BAD Lee's remake offers an irritating pace, contains no likable characters, and its scorchy, sexually explicit scenes lack the teasing titillation associated with the exploitation cinema [of the 1970s].
BAD This isn't just a tribute to Gunn but a commentary on independent filmmaking today, though watching it without knowing its source material might feel like listening to one end of a conversation.
FAIR With no one breathing down Lee's neck, it's free to zoom all over the place - from seriousness to high comedy to weird comedy to quietly anxious set pieces.
FAIR If you're going to do a remake of a movie you've got to ask yourself one question: Why? And hard as you look at the screen here, it's difficult to see Lee's answer.
GOOD "Sweet Blood" is idiosyncratic and sultry, simultaneously nodding to film conventions and striding boldly down its own path.
FAIR An interesting study in mashing up race and class stereotypes, though the film's rambling plot may leave your brain feeling a little mashed, too.
FAIR Spike Lee's low budget Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a film about redemption that also needs its sins to be forgiven, despite some fascinating parallels.
BAD Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus is the best kind of failure, impassioned and singular, but it's a failure all the same.
BAD What would Jesus do, Spike? Repent!
GOOD A dizzying hall-of-mirrors stunt, a horror remake as autobiographical X-ray, and a work of fantasy that serves as a decadently cleansing creative exorcism.
BAD Given free rein by his fans' money, Lee has made a movie that's both uncompromising and often inexplicable.
BAD A better than average omnibus film.
FAIR Best-in-show citations go to shorts by Manoel De Oliveira and David Cronenberg.
FAIR Much like her character holds together her family, Harris's warm and robust performance holds together Sunshine.
GOOD Sunshine has done the impossible by reinventing the concept of "high stakes," it's a marvelous treat...gripping and beautiful, twining the music of the spheres with the reptilian brain inside us all.
FAIR Danny Boyle's sci-fi thriller is enjoyable, well acted and packed with references throughout although it abandons its fascinating premise for a disappointingly conventional finale.
GOOD Sunshine is the definitive Jewish Experience movie. Beautifully told with heartbreaking eloquence, it is mandatory viewing if one intends to understand what it means to be a Jew living in the world.
BAD Sunshine never gets more than an inch below the surface of the characters. Szabo keeps his stories smushed into compact little episodes, each designed to do little more than move everything forward.
FAIR Something of a Forest Gump for the artsy crowd.
BAD Writer/director Michael Kang seems to be going for a Mean Streets vibe, but he's no Scorsese, at least not yet.
FAIR A well-made, street-stylish drama that defies stock Hollywood storytelling conceits with its complex themes and grey-area approach to its subject matter.
FAIR ...makes no excuses about what it is: an old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with an invincible hero.
BAD The film chokes to death on Walter Hill's dusty artistry.
GOOD Wry, cold and confident, Willis squints and blasts his way through the film, a blazing pistol in each hand.
GOOD Walter Hill's Last Man Standing is an overlooked action masterpiece that perfectly blends the Western and the gangster film.
BAD For all the gunplay and assorted violence, there is nothing between the action scenes to engage the audience.
FAIR Willis does good work in this dusty Western Yojimbo.
GOOD A Walter Hill classic with super cool Bruce Willis.
BAD The slow-moving story is as dry as the desert wind that blows through Jericho.
FAIR This movie is a time-filler, something you can have on in the background while you're doing something else, and can glance at whenever the shooting starts.
GOOD One of the collest gunslinger movies of the new generation.
BAD In the translation from samurai to western, however, something is lost, resulting in a film that is top-heavy with 'overkill' and eventually tedious to sit through.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not like Treasure Island when you see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
GOOD A top-notch drama about a 13 year old who is a lover of science and a passionate activist determined to save the planet.
FAIR Smart casting redeems the film.
FAIR [A] tiny, beautifully acted movie ...
FAIR Ever wonder what you're missing by not attending the Sundance Film Festival? Many of the entries look a lot like this little indie, a nicely observed but overly familiar coming-of-age tale.
FAIR The film is ultimately enjoyable despite its faults, at least partially because it represents an earnest, honest attempt to empathize with struggling American working-class women.
FAIR Neither a disposable piece of formula nor an engrossing tale that makes the most of its standard parts.
GOOD When a movie shows a couple of bright kids excited about a mussel, it's hard to say no.
FAIR Haney-Jardine presents a sensitive portrait of a conflicted teenager who's been forced to become self-sufficient before she's really ready...
BAD Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
BAD quick review in Greek
FAIR Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic. But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
FAIR ...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
FAIR There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven isn't quite the next Gladiator with a fair share of boring moments, but it tries hard
FAIR Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy. Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
FAIR dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
BAD Where have all the world conquerors gone?
BAD So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
FAIR "Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd been praying for from Ridley Scott.
FAIR ... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
FAIR ... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
FAIR a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
BAD Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
BAD The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not much more than a dishonest, spectacular bore.
FAIR When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
FAIR Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not memorable, oversized entertainment.
FAIR It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not up to the task at hand.
BAD It feels spectacularly empty.
FAIR Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not necessarily the right hero to do it justice.
BAD All lecture and no humanity.
BAD ...may be the first hippie war film.
BAD Bloom's listless performance dooms the film. Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
BAD Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
FAIR From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
FAIR Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
FAIR A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
FAIR With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
BAD A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster. At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
FAIR If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
FAIR This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?' The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no necessary tension, no memorable characters, and no sense of fun. Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it. The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't take much mental power to come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in Hurry Sundown bad -- still the worst Southern accent ever attempted by a future Oscar winner and knight. But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not only to the characters, but also the audience. Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it. You'd be wrong. They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not even sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
GOOD Underrated Dennis Quad performance as rocker Jerry Lee Lewis.
GOOD Quaid is surprisingly good and has plenty of fun in this musical biopic.
FAIR Average biopic.
GOOD Dennis Quaid actually manages to make Jerry Lee Lewis likeable.
GOOD Vastly entertaining biopic.
GOOD Quaid nails it. Just nails it.
FAIR Ryder and Quaid seem to be in two different movies, but Baldwin is brilliant.
FAIR An outrageous bio-pic with Quaid over the top as Jerry Lee Lewis
FAIR Not a total success, but it does have a sense of style
FAIR Dennis Quaid is amazing, this could be the film of his career
FAIR Surely contains some quality components, but the movie as a whole may leave an unpleasant taste in your mouth.
BAD The typical romantic comedy keeps the leads apart or until just before the closing credits. This film falls flat because they engage in sex during the picture's opening sequence.
FAIR full review in Greek
BAD While not as aggressively mindless as many of its ilk, flick suffers from simple fatigue, as in: We're tired of seeing the exact same love story over and over.
BAD ...the script gives the actors virtually nothing to do and nothing to say in this subpar genre entry.
FAIR Uma obra aceitavel, simpatica e ate mesmo divertida - e se isto acontece, os meritos cabem ao diretor Nigel Cole e a simpatia de Ashton Kutcher.
GOOD Successfully turns the rom-com genre on its head.
BAD That's weird. I'm sure that When Harry Met Sally had been made already. And didn't it used to be funny?
FAIR A cut above the usual rubbish, thanks to a smart script, some gorgeous photography and the chemistry between its two leads
FAIR Although not as scathingly funny as the Ryan-Crystal classic, director Nigel Cole offers an engaging romance infused with the warmth and optimism of his previous films Calendar Girls and Saving Grace.
FAIR Gen-Y When Harry Met Sally update just barely works, thanks to Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet's chemistry.
BAD The film never convinces us that these two need to be together.
FAIR It doesn't hurt that there's plenty of chemistry between Peet and Kutcher...
BAD ... the whole production is simply as mediocre and half-baked as Hollywood gets.
FAIR It's strikingly well shot and acted, without resorting to sitcom silliness ... then just when it should end on a sigh, it spirals into the same old stupidity.
BAD If this is the state of courtship in the 21st century, then romance is not only dead, it's decomposed.
BAD Having sex before they know each other's names. Spitting water on each other. Showing each other chewed food. Antics you want to see from a young couple in love? Me neither.
BAD We learned last year that not even Jude Law could keep audiences interested for six movies in a year. Kutcher's limit appears to be one.
BAD A lot like every other Ashton Kutcher movie - BORING!
BAD Your reviewer is of the opinion that Amanda Peet deserves much better parts than she's been getting, but that's not enough to lead him to forgive the film its problems.
BAD Oliver plans to make it big by selling diapers through the Internet, maybe the very same service that provided Colin Patrick Lynch's script.
FAIR A pleasant little romantic comedy that doesn't try too hard and has the virtue of doing a few things differently.
FAIR A Lot Like Love ... is a cute movie.
FAIR It's an amiable enough diversion that unfolds like a bland cross between When Harry Met Sally and Serendipity.
FAIR Just when you despair that a whole generation could grow up without a decent date movie, without a romantic comedy that works well enough to call its own, Ashton Kutcher goes and surprises you.
BAD A Lot Like Love is a lot like many other movies of the rom-com ilk, in that we are left with absolutely no doubt about the outcome.
FAIR A Lot Like Love would be so much closer to perfect if it sustained its idiosyncratic tone.
BAD While Kutcher is charming, endearing and, to all appearances, perfect boyfriend material - especially when he's signing with his hearing-impaired brother - Peet is merely passable...
BAD Kutcher is a master of the satisfied grin. It's one of his two expressions, the other being the goofy, ear-to-ear smile, which often follows or precedes his satisfied grin.
FAIR A Lot Like Love is built around a string of coincidences, accidents and unlikely situations that send your eyes rolling in their sockets like marbles.
FAIR It doesn't sound like much, but the actors and director Nigel Cole really do fill the space that contrivance usually occupies with lots of charming and believable behavior.
BAD I'm considering sending an all-is-forgiven e-mail to the director of Just Married. As moronic as it was, at least it had some antic energy.
BAD It's a lot like a waste of time.
GOOD Danny Boyle's only great film featuring "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" is an urbane, thoughtful fable of Lego-bright color, vast imagination and a stout belief in meaningful displays of humanity, charity and altruism without stooping to sermons.
BAD if you're a sucker for adorable, freckle-faced kids, you may not be able to resist the infantile wiles of this movie
GOOD Sprinkled with a heady dose of magic realism, this film is lovely.
BAD Corrupted by a hideous paternalism.
GOOD In sly, sweet and frequently funny terms, Danny Boyle pleads a compelling case for the fundamental goodness of mankind.
FAIR Director Boyle continues to genre hop but Millions, a quirky comedy punctuated by unnecessary digressions, nicely fits the "childhood fantasy" bill.
GOOD Um filme que faz bem a alma e ao coracao.
GOOD I hesitate to say that this is a family film. That phrase too often conjures up, at least for adults, cutesy-poo animated features aimed squarely at the younger set.
GOOD Take your kids to see Millions and soak up one of the most wonderful British family films in years.
GOOD A subversive fable from one of the UK's most engaging filmmakers, Millions sees director Danny Boyle transform a kiddie movie into a painfully accurate portrait of British consumerism.
GOOD One of the year's most lovable and family friendly films.
FAIR ... One of the best family films in recent memory.
GOOD A modern fairy tale with imagination that dazzles kids and adult alike.
FAIR What makes Millions quirky is also what prevents it from genuinely immersing the viewer in the story.
FAIR Millions serves up enough touching emotional moments to coin its own richness, a respect for goodness in human nature.
FAIR Millions is a kids' movie that doesn't talk down to its audience.
FAIR ...Millions pulls off the neat trick of affirming that money can't buy happiness, even as it has a ball pretending that it can.
GOOD Directorially, it's exciting. Emotionally, it's engagingly warm, funny and magical -- without being gooey.
FAIR As a stylist, Boyle is something of an action painter, throwing images on the canvas of the screen and seeing what sticks.
GOOD This winning low-key British yarn is told with real creativity and succeeds by developing characters and situations in an original way.
FAIR [I]t is refreshing to consider th[e] windfall of wealth not as greed satisfied but with the innocence of a young child
GOOD Somebody forgot to tell screenwriter Frank Cotrell Boyce and director Danny Boyle that they were making a movie for kids. That's actually a good thing.
GOOD It gets you to look at cardboard boxes, bank notes and, for that matter, Danny Boyle in quite a different way.
FAIR A nice little fable, ultimately not very profound but pleasant anyway.
FAIR The picture about two motherless boys and their unexpected cash infusion is visually inventive, funny, fantastical, poignant and dark around the edges.
GOOD [A] delightfully wise and surprisingly heartwarming morality tale.
FAIR When Boyle is on, the movie is both heartfelt and joyous.
FAIR It conjugates a version of the loaves-and-fishes miracle from the Bible and, even with its flaws, turns out to be a minor miracle itself.
GOOD With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
BAD Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
GOOD So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
FAIR The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning. Too bad the narration sounds like a string of cliches from creaky old detective novels.
GOOD Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun. It may not be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
GOOD This extremely violent movie is NOT for kids.
GOOD On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre. On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
BAD My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
GOOD ...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
GOOD About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
BAD The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
FAIR Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
GOOD For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
GOOD What an electric cast!
GOOD It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
GOOD Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradacion social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
FAIR Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no solo no sorprende sino que las historias lucen irregulares y reiterativas.
FAIR There are three types of performances in "Sin City". There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
GOOD For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not always to the stomach).
GOOD SINiestra, pero SINsacional
GOOD Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
GOOD Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
GOOD If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
GOOD Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nivel) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussao sobre as relacoes entre os sexos.
BAD Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
GOOD Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
GOOD It's violent, it's sexist, it's cliched and it's trashy. And for once those are all plus-points.
GOOD [A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
GOOD I was thoroughly entertained.
GOOD Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
FAIR This umpire calls Hardball out at first base.
FAIR This is less a hardball than a softball, without any curves or surprises.
BAD Esforcando-se ao maximo para arrancar lagrimas do espectador, o filme apela para todas as convencoes estabelecidas por producoes semelhantes, falhando em todas as tentativas.
FAIR ...Hardball is much darker and far more adult than the commercials and trailer want you to believe.
BAD Home runs for all the young actors with Reeves stuck at second base.
FAIR The Hollywood adaptation admirably avoids the urge to sanitize the material -- this isn't Mighty Ducks in the Hood.
BAD one of those irritatingly "well-intentioned" movies that constantly falls flat because it offers no depth
FAIR The toughness, tragedy and street slang built into it give it an aura of reality.
FAIR Does what it's supposed to do, and it occasionally goes a little farther than it needs to.
FAIR Simple, predictable, and marginally satisfying.
BAD Amounts to a two-hour torture session that would make one long for the great beyond.
BAD Can easily be an inspirational, feel good movie if you let it--as long as you abandon any hope for originality.
BAD ...the halfhearted result of hundreds of sports movie and coming-of-age-flick cliches, thrown together without even the slightest care or reason.
BAD A smarmy proposition passing itself off as family fun in the style of The Bad News Bears.
BAD Works where it counts, on the emotional level.
FAIR Does surprisingly few lurches as it walks the tightrope between urban realism ... and family entertainment.
BAD Cutesy, cuddly pap.
FAIR A formulaic but amusing tale of a loser who becomes a winner by losing himself in the service of others.
FAIR "Hardball" is hard PG-13.
BAD Akin to a thrift shop novelty that is way past its prime.
FAIR Beneath the sappy music and formulaic story, the core of the film rang true.
GOOD A surefire heart-tugger made with skill and judgment.
BAD This is a film designed not so much to tell a coherent and moving story as it is to deliver a van full of cinematic groceries to a certain audience.
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
BAD Typical road movie mayhem.
BAD Sure, it's a misfire, and that's a shame because the genus of something good is present.
GOOD Some mature content, but fine for many teens.
BAD Prep school professor tries to mold his students into upstanding young men, in particular one problem student. Ho-hum.
FAIR ...allows Kline to play the sort of cocksure character he specializes in.
FAIR Welcome to The Emperor's Club, close affiliate to the Dead Poet's Society and Mr Holland's Opus, where students arrive in limousines and wear ties to class.
GOOD Kevin Kline's star turn as a good-yet-flawed prep school teacher is a very different take on private-school-flick cliches. ...
FAIR ...Teeters on the edge of over-sentimentality, occasionally just going ahead and falling in.
GOOD The generic standard of the super-teacher is only one piece of a larger, more satisfying story that runs counter to the overblown optimism of films like Dead Poets Society.
FAIR Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be.
FAIR doomed to conformity from the outset by its very setting, which also dictates that the primary themes revolve around honor, loyalty, honesty, and all those other important concepts that define "uplifing" message movies
BAD The Emperor's Club is a nerd's version of Dead Poets Society...but lacking the wonder, revelation and charisma of the latter.
FAIR Serves up something satisfying to the viewer, but isn't terribly original.
BAD The Emperor's Club is the best pro-vouchers argument I've seen yet.
BAD It generates a paltry amount of drama.
BAD The Emporer's Club is big, glossy and high-minded, decked out with solid production design and drenched in a James Newton Howard score so sugary-sweet that the ADA needs to speak out against it for promoting tooth decay.
GOOD Hollywood History would dictate a predictable path given this set of circumstances, and the Emperor?s Club rises above such expectations.
FAIR This is NOT a retread of "Dead Poets' Society."
FAIR Manipulation has no learning curve.
GOOD Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted.
BAD Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of cliches and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block.
BAD There are a few things that will always be assured: death, taxes, and the obligatory "tender teacher tale" genre that bombards the big screen every blue moon.
FAIR The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film.
BAD By the time [it] finally decides to be a little different from the thirty other movies about inspirational teachers, the damage has already been done.
FAIR I liked Emperor's Club much more than I expected.
FAIR A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script.
FAIR The movie may not be worthy of an Oscar, but Kline's highly nuanced performance is certainly worthy of our attention.
FAIR It's comfortable and pleasant, and if you squint you can practically see Dead Poets Society. And then it surprises -- just a bit, but enough.
BAD Despite certain individual characteristics and plot particulars, [Kline's] character goes through most of the same motions we've seen before and then runs into a contrived third act that does neither him nor the film any good.
FAIR A substantial examination of character, morality and destiny.
BAD Why should Hundert ever fancy himself a blend of Mr. Chips and Dr. Ruth? The movie sets up a false ideal and then wrecks it, as if it were a noble ruin near the Parthenon.
GOOD Its valuable message makes it a must-see for children and teenagers, and even more so for those callous adults who have become casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life.
FAIR Worth seeing, if only for Kline's subtle, affecting portrayal.
GOOD Suffice it to say, it's a masterpiece... and an epic one at that.
GOOD It is a stirring drama of World War II, in which Spiegel has had the excellent help of British director David Lean, in charge of the action, and of a fine company of international players.
GOOD Few Second World War films are as enduring as this multi-Oscar-winning examination of the stiff upper lip from director David Lean.
GOOD It's certainly weathered well thanks to its novel and ingenious approach to presenting multiple perspective of the Second World War.
GOOD Epic of WWII honor and sacrifice gone haywire.
GOOD From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.
GOOD The Bridge on the River Kwai is David Lean's last film not to succumb to bloat.
GOOD An epic movie which is large in scope and personnel, The Bridge on the River Kwai speaks of the code of honour amongst men during war, the respect shared by enemies of war, and the madness which war evokes.
GOOD A towering work.
GOOD Guinness, Lean and British war cinema have never been better.
GOOD One of THE great action sagas, and at the top of David Lean's form.
GOOD Alec Guinness' outstanding performance is one of the many things that work in David Lean's intriguing epic.
GOOD Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.
GOOD Epic wartime storytelling at its most vibrant and satisfying.
GOOD One of the best war movies, mixed with one of the best action movies, mixed with one of Alex Guinness' best performances mixed with a killer score? One of the greats.
GOOD Did Lean ever make a bad film?
GOOD A spellbinding character study wrapped in a great adventure story.
GOOD This intelligent and exciting WWII tale, masterfully helmed by Lean (at the start of his 'epic' period), features a splendid performance from Guinness.
GOOD In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.
FAIR One of the most rousing and inspiring war films, this is also a psychological battle of wills. The intensity between Hayakawa and Guinness is captivating.
GOOD World War II classic receives brilliant presentation and provides fascinating perspective on DVD.
GOOD Guinness is wonderful; one of the all-time greats. You can watch it a hundred times and it stills holds the same fascination and impact as the first viewing.
GOOD Lean achieves a fine balance of creating complex characters from a fine cast, while keeping the pace up throughout this long movie.
GOOD A tense, terrifying, absolutely riveting film about the ironies of war and the deadly psychological games enemy soldiers play with each other.
GOOD Most war movies are either for or against their wars. The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) is one of the few that focuses not on larger rights and wrongs but on individuals.
GOOD The film has great themes ... fascinating characters expertly acted, a compelling plot and brilliant direction by one of the masters of the epic, David Lean.
GOOD ...stirring drama in a timeless setting.
GOOD One of the best anti-war films ever made.
BAD A misguided and generally worthless prequel...
BAD Since Heijningen already had dibs on The Thing's hallowed name, he didn't even bother trying to conjure any of its slow-burning suspense or claustrophobic vibe.
BAD For a creature feature set on the South Pole, it lacks urgency, or even a sense that it's very cold in Antarctica.
BAD The fact that The Thing falls flat is proof positive that unlike the film's industrious alien, parasitic remakes can't easily carbon copy the host.
BAD Gets the externals but can't duplicate the authentic chill and isolation of the original.
FAIR If this take is perfectly passable, it also is distinctly forgettable.
BAD Can't possibly compare to the film it's inspired by, but if you've not seen the 1982 version, you should find it reasonably harmless, albeit with an increasingly daft climax.
FAIR There's nothing really new about this remake/prequel, but the film's attention to continuity and detail is respectable and interesting for fans of John Carpenter's 1982 classic.
BAD This is the third time I've watched the John W. Campbell Jr. story 'Who Goes There?' unfold. I have to admit the monster in this one is the most disgusting and thereby the most fascinating of all three.
FAIR Van Heijningen Jr's The Thing still works as a perfectly watchable contemporary sci-fi thriller on the surface by creating enough entertaining scares ...
BAD There are a few tense moments, but the plot is packed full of cliches - imagine, the radio is dead and there's a storm coming!
BAD Van Heijningen has again reinterpreted the material, he has instead done so for an era in which horror films are remade by commercials directors who get the look, but miss the feel, of the original article.
FAIR The themes of paranoia and isolation are the same as Carpenter's film, but the effects aren't a patch on the original.
BAD This isn't the real Thing; keep it at bay.
BAD Whatever good intentions were behind this prequel to John Carpenter's 1982 classic, the sloppy execution renders them moot.
GOOD Tense, smart and suitably gruesome, this certainly delivers the goods.
BAD It's curious that a movie about a shape-shifting, person-imitating alien lifeform should itself feel like a mutant hybrid: half-prequel, half-remake, never sure which end to cosy up to.
FAIR Nary an original bone in this monster's body, but effective nonethleless.
FAIR Schlock lovers and Friday night thrill-seekers are disgustingly well served. Best skip that tray of gooey nachos, though.
FAIR Never quite lives up to Carpenter's version, though it's entertaining enough, thanks to a superb performance from Mary Elizabeth Winstead and some satisfyingly gloopy visuals.
BAD Despite its visual sophistication and a good lead performance, there's no escaping that this Thing is a pointless remake trying to convince itself that it is in fact a prequel.
BAD Efficient enough for newcomers perhaps, but never that chilling, and the predictably dull CGI underlines how far movie magic has regressed in the past couple of decades.
FAIR By no means the finessed work of a Carpenter; more an enthusiastic DIY expert who read the instructions once and reckons he can manage.
BAD The great irony of The Thing-quel is that, as an imitation itself, it's a uniquely unconvincing simulacrum of the thing it's trying to ape.
BAD Consisting of a few shock pops and queasy effects, The Thing is tired, rote and uninspired, becoming a waiting game to see who gets knocked off next. There's nothing here not seen before, including in its superior 1982 sire.
FAIR Great care has been taken to not fill this movie full of lame, jittery camera angles and a faster-than-necessary pace, which is nice. It's just too bad that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is dull as dishwater.
BAD Studio-produced fan fiction that indulges in an intensely close, even fetishistic extension of all the hints and details given in the original film, but misses the forest for the trees.
BAD It's easy enough to sit through, it'll be even easier to forget in a few weeks.
BAD The Thing's nondescript title once represented the fear of the unknown, but for the contemporary rehash, it's an indication of a generic, lifeless 100 minutes.
FAIR Succeeds as a fan-pleasing showcase for gruesome human/monster shapeshifting and other digital horror effects.
BAD Almost liked it!
FAIR The Thing definitely owes a lot to John Carpenter's 1982 cult classic but as a whole, it is a pretty darned good little shocker.
FAIR Still can raise enough scares with its twists and turns to be surprisingly entertaining
BAD While it doesn't spoil the legacy of John Carpenter's film, it doesn't exactly add much to it either.
FAIR Hopefully we'll never tire of the visual splendour inherent in seeing human faces tear themselves apart.
BAD It feels like a prequel/homage/remake of the first two films all rolled into a kind of fleshy burrito that throbs.
FAIR Laughable dialogue and the CGI-generated monster get in the way of the scares.
BAD It's a requel (prequel + remake). Same pattern, different characters. Unfortunately, it doesn't do anything better than John Carpenter's vision.
BAD Under its glossy exterior and claims to be an extreme version, this is a generic and surprisingly tame horror offering.
BAD Paradise Lost is an undemanding thriller with little in the way of invention and not much going on other than some impressive scenery and a few sweet racks.
FAIR Turistas is a beautifully shot tale of tropical terror that starts building an ominous vibe early on, but never really turns into a full-fledged gross-out like Hostel. Except for that one part.
BAD With a plot Frankensteined from the remains of "Hostel", "The Descent" and "Wolf Creek", "Turistas" was clearly never going to be on anyone's 10 best list.
BAD Brazil's tourist industry gets a bad rap in this horror-lite shocker that might just leave you rooting for the bad guy.
BAD contains itself in insufferable artificiality
BAD Merece ser ignorado por ser pessimo, nao por ser uma "visao preconceituosa" do Brasil.
BAD Don't stay home out of fear of imagined atrocities in another country. Stay home from this movie instead.
BAD ...brutally effective -- with an accent on the "brute."
BAD As conflicted as the U.S. psyche: The movie locates the ghastly fates of its victims in the history of American arrogance, yet tells us to never trust a foreigner, even when she's in a bikini.
BAD Don't bother to buy popcorn, the sight of Josh Duhamel's abs and Melissa George's breasts should tide you over until Beau Garrett's pancreas and kidneys show up.
BAD This is strictly 'Teenagers as Meat on the Hoof 101' stuff -- only more idiotic than usual.
BAD It's part Hostel, part The Harvest, part The Cave, and all bad.
BAD In any language the dark Turistas is not too bright.
FAIR You may just want to unpack that suitcase after seeing Turistas, a shocking and genuinely terrifying trip into the jungles of Brazil even if it is low-budget and sometimes cheesy to it's core.
BAD Turistas" eventually succumbs to the one unforgivable sin in a horror movie: It's dull.
BAD [Director] Stockwell delivers too little of the dread and titillation this genre prescribes.
BAD This disappointing, worst-case-scenario thriller tips its hand entirely too early before heading further south than Rio.
FAIR Turistas is a passport to a different kind of vacation hell.
BAD While comparisons to Hostel are inevitable Turistas rarely achieves its level of sustained menace and discomfort.
BAD It's fitting that, in a season in which Hollywood offers up its prestige pictures -- the ones it hopes will garner critics' prizes and Academy Awards -- Turistas should come along to offer a bit of contrast.
BAD What's infuriating about Turistas is that it's slick, gorgeously shot and riddled with brilliantly crafted set-pieces.
BAD Ultimately, the best approach to Turistas is to do what these tourists should have done: just stay home.
FAIR It gallops along with a suspenseful, dead-on sense of dread.
BAD This one is just too obvious, almost from the title.
BAD Turistas doesn't have much going for it beyond its xenophobic subtext about trusting young Americans and crude and crafty foreigners. The action scenes are so dark as to be unfathomable. The characters are so alike as to be indistinguishable.
BAD Turistas has mastered the international language: stupidity.
FAIR Folks might find a bit of post-Iraq angst insinuated into the script, but any hint of social initiative in a movie this formulaic would be strictly coincidental.
BAD More dull than a gory, scary film ought to be.
BAD Although quite pleasing to look at for a while -- lush jungles, gorgeous water features, bare young flesh all over the place -- the film is spiritually misshapen from the get-go.
BAD With the success of Hostel and the Saw movies, another wave of cinematic nausea is upon us. Turistas tries to ride that wave all the way to the bank, but it's too timid and perfunctory to get very far.
BAD The story is idiotic, the dialogue moronic and the characters are cardboard cutouts. Stupid cardboard cutouts.
FAIR Consider it a modern spin on Deliverance, with no squealing like a pig -- just squeals of frightful excitement.
BAD Unpleasant but never really suspenseful, the new teen torture thriller Turistas causes only a dull, predictable pain.
FAIR The cinema of sadism smartens up in Turistas, a violent drama that has all the don't-go-there nastiness of B-movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek with a whole lot less of that guilty aftertaste.
BAD All the blood and nudity mark Turistas as an exploitation film, of the horror-thriller variety -- but who knew exploitation could be so boring?
FAIR With Turistas, [director John Stockwell] is stuck with a silly plot and characters that make you sometimes wish the movie were a cheap slasher picture after all.
BAD It's only a few weeks before Christmas, and do you know what that means?... it means horror movies about human organ trafficking.
BAD It's a movie that should have been called on account of boredom.
BAD Big chunks of plot seem to be missing, as if left on the editing-room floor so that director Mike Tollin, in his feature debut, can get to yet another inspiring speech.
BAD Not even a cast of fresh-faced acting hotshots can give flavour to this bland and undistinguished teen sporting romance.
BAD Despite an enjoyable turn from Brittany Murphy, the cliched plot (local poor boy pitches his way to the Major League) ensures that's the best this forgettable teen fodder can hope for.
BAD The film steps up a notch when the action is on the field. However, many directors before him have portrayed the beloved sport better.
BAD A baseball movie with no baseball, no movie, and absolutely no love involved.
BAD If this is what the boys of summer are offering, I say bring on football season -- now!
BAD Not that this is a particularly dispicable film, it just doesn't try to do anything new and delivers mostly wooden performances.
BAD Perhaps Freddie is simply a pawn in some sinister plan to destroy his career...
BAD Call this one foul.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. has become the opposite of the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. His face on a movie poster guarantees a bad time.
BAD Whitman is right: Baseball is our poetic register, and so I've become whimsical for the days of tee-ball and George Brett and when baseball movies were beautiful.
BAD Check it out if you're drunk and looking for a shoulder-shrugging time-waster...
BAD Notable only for the spectacle of watching both Prinze and Biel getting out-performed in the same motion picture by Matthew Lillard.
BAD In the interest of maintaining the status quo running time of 80-some minutes, we are subjected to a painfully ugly series of subplots and side characters.
BAD Inoffensive, but utterly generic, the baseball-related romantic comedy does little more than kill time.
BAD It's almost any botched play analogy you can think of, though never exciting enough to be compared to a strike-out or even to a wild pitch.
BAD Will Ryan get a big league contract or spend the rest of his life mowing lawns? Will Ryan get the girl? Is baseball still America's pastime?
BAD Especially in the moments when Prinze Jr. is supposed to be an "angry young man," the movie veers dangerously toward unintentional comedy.
BAD Because I'm a baseball fan, I tend to be an easy mark for baseball-themed movies, but something as badly focused and feebly scripted as Summer Catch just makes me wish for the Fall.
BAD [The film is] directed by Michael Tollin with such a lack of imagination that it almost boggles the mind.
BAD So cloyingly heartfelt that it's all you can do not to giggle every time someone makes a prophetic, lovestruck proclamation.
FAIR There's expert direction by Michael Tollin, pleasing performances by the two young stars ... and strong support from a solid supporting cast.
BAD There are no surprises to be had--except that somehow, some way, the fluke that is Freddie Prinze Jr.'s film career has managed to go on for another couple of hours.
BAD A glossily filmed, well-acted comedic drama that gets buried in one scene and the next of worn-out material.
BAD This feature is like a double header, two sets of cliches for the price of one.
BAD This lightweight, poor boy-rich girl romance.
BAD Part of the problem with Summer Catch is that it can't decide if it wants to be a comedy or a drama.
BAD Summer Catch is the equivalent of a full-course meal with no calories. It is a mirage of a movie, 100 minutes of nothing.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. and Matthew Lillard try to score on and off the field in Summer Catch, a film that aspires to spice baseball with sex. But the result is more bull than Bull Durham.
BAD As soon as Morgan Freeman's alien hunter/military commander turns up, a riveting movie starts morphing into a predictable villain-on-the-warpath action flick.
GOOD This Stephen King is way too scary for kids.
GOOD Call me crude -- I have to love a scene of suspense built around fallen toothpicks and a toilet monster.
BAD What begins as a pique to our collective curiosity quickly degenerates into what is essentially a shootout between the good guys and the monsters.
BAD We have a long wait as Dreamcatcher cycles through pay-per-view, cable, and special edition DVD, until at last, like other inept King vehicles, it sinks into obscurity.
BAD Click to read review
BAD A mishmash of styles and genres, Dreamcatcher tries so hard to do so much that it ends up accomplishing very little.
FAIR Logic flies out the window, even given the fantastic elements, and the initially interesting characters are soon reduced to cardboard cutouts.
BAD ...bogs down in psychological mumbo-jumbo, redundancy, imitation, and sheer vulgarity, with a multitude of flashbacks interrupting the flow of what little narrative is left.
BAD An awful, ludicrous blend of sci-fi and horror, crammed full of self-indulgent Stephen King gimmicks.
BAD Kasdan's film -- like King's book -- is too long, and loses its way less than an hour in, once the stuck-in-the-woods-with-a-monster horror plot turns into something else.
FAIR It's thrilling to see what a talented director can do with the humorous and horrifying imagination of literary legend Stephen King.
BAD There must be other films that make such large dives from gripping interest to complete bollocks, but the mind boggles when attempting to remember them.
BAD An early X-Files episode did everything 20 times better.
BAD De acordo com os produtores, Stephen King pediu apenas um dolar para ceder os direitos de adaptacao de O Apanhador de Sonhos. A julgar-se pelo resultado final, ele cobrou caro demais.
BAD Part sci-fi, part horror, all drivel, this schlocky Stephen King adaptation is amusingly dreadful.
BAD Two words: anal leakage.
BAD A simplified, truncated mess.
FAIR There are plenty of twists, turns and surprises in this elegant and sometimes witty horror flick. . .
GOOD Bumpy, lumpy Stephen King adaptation is anything but by-the-book -- and packed with scares by a team of talents.
BAD It starts out as an intriguing story of telepathic friends and ends up a monster mash of Ed Wood awfulness.
BAD ...[invites] Mystery Science Theater 3000-esque mocking...
FAIR Marked by a couple of masterful performances in skillfully written singular roles.
FAIR This review officially renounces the "solution" to the psychological ending written in the novel. The rest is great & Kingian.
FAIR It's a mess, but it manages to entertain for longer than many movies do
BAD Next time Stephen King wants to write about something really scary, he can take the adaptation of Dreamcatcher as his inspiration.
BAD Like Signs, the picture suddenly shifts gears to turn into a choppy, noisy FX blowout.
GOOD There are enough ideas in Dreamcatcher for three or four ordinary movies. But then this is no ordinary movie. It's a grand, loopy pageant of ideas, schlock horror and subtle horror, and gross-out effects.
BAD Sloppy, pointless, predictable mess.
BAD Buckles under the weight of so many haywire plot developments.
BAD A nightmare of a movie.
FAIR The 136-minute Dreamcatcher suffers from more than a few missed chances and wasted time.
BAD Grimly directed by Kasdan, with a stylish gleam to the cinematography, the film is glossy high-camp nonsense.
GOOD Cute animated movie with a message for kids.
FAIR It's a fun adventure fantasy, and I was never bored...
BAD While the animation, particularly in the action set pieces, is indeed well done, it's nothing revolutionary nor imaginative that stands out from the rest in this CG-feature-a-week marketplace.
FAIR Ten year old Lucas Nickle ( the voice of Zach Tyler Eisen) stomps an anthill after an encounter with neighborhood bullies. With the help of a magic potion, the ants shrink the boy down to their size. The insects are about to get even and Lucas will learn
FAIR The film acknowledges that faith is an important part of our social fabric, and if the film has any moral lessons to pass on, it implicitly roots them in a spiritual foundation.
GOOD Besides keeping us entertained and occasionally thrilled, there's a nice sense that the film is actually saying something.
GOOD Enjoyable, brightly animated adventure with strong characters, superb gags and a script that isn't afraid to throw in a spot of political subtext.
BAD Writer-director John A Davis has one or two nice touches, but the film is disposable.
BAD It's not that Bully bugged me. It just never managed to fly.
BAD Just another bug movie.
FAIR It all seems very workaday.
BAD As kiddie entertainment it works well, with simple humour and lots of action. But there's not a lot to appeal to any accompanying adults.
FAIR It does have a spunky pace and the clever humor Davis' team brought to the Jimmy Neutron movie and TV series.
BAD Ant Bully, though short and well voiced, is nowhere near as important or influential as it tries to make itself seem and it feels more unnecessary than anything else.
FAIR Crawling with marvelous microcosmic animation ... A family cartoon for anyone who ever smashed an ant-pile as a kid and lived to regret it.
BAD The only thing it inspired in me was a sudden urge to spray the screen with Raid.
FAIR Families should swarm to "The Ant Bully.
FAIR Since it's hot out, and worth a matinee, take the kiddies.
BAD Burdened by a distinctly "been there, done that" vibe that I can't imagine will generate much excitement, even with the kiddies.
BAD It's not a lot more than the movie that came out between last week's Monster House and next week's Barnyard.
FAIR There's quite a bit of inventiveness here, which I found myself getting caught up in, even though it was a foregone conclusion where the film was heading.
FAIR Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.
FAIR ... good family fun.
FAIR ... unnecessary ...
FAIR ... a visually inventive charmer that nimbly juggles slapstick comedy, action sequences, and coming-of-age 'life lessons' with a refreshing minimum of sap.
FAIR ... The Ant Bully is just a great ride, but all that moralizing diminishes the fun of feeling ant-sized yourself and being immersed in Lucas's incredible adventures.
FAIR The screenplay is blessedly free of mediocre songs and light on flashy pop-culture in-jokes ...
FAIR If the Ant Bully story is generic, it is never plodding. It zips along quite nicely, aided by the especially well-constructed action sequences.
FAIR [T]he movie certainly means well, and its worthwhile message (teamwork is good, selfishness is bad) should penetrate the brains of kids old enough to stay in their seats and pay attention to it.
GOOD The brilliance of The Ant Bully is in the crafty way it delves into the minds of ants as they plot to save themselves from extermination... Davis creates a marvelously labyrinthine society for them, right below the surface of a bland suburb.
FAIR The Ant Bully isn't a kid classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion until the next ant movie comes along.
FAIR Bright visuals, snappy dialogue and a smart plot make The Ant Bully a welcome summer treat.
FAIR Though the story is predictable, the message is benign, and the visuals, particularly in IMAX 3-D, are stylized and surreal.
BAD While the picture has the star power of Nicolas Cage and Julia Roberts voicing insects in love, they're not nearly as interesting a couple as Woody Allen and Sharon Stone in Antz.
BAD This generic exercise in computer-generated animation may provide passable entertainment for very young children, but adults will be less than enchanted by its preachiness, talkiness and Communist Party-line political views.
FAIR The Ant Bully does not talk down to kids or feign to talk up to their parents with pop references, though adults may be amused (or maybe not) by the Christian parallel in the ants' religion.
FAIR It would be wrong to dismiss The Ant Bully as just another bug movie.
GOOD The Ant Bully is the summer's best family movie -- funny, action-packed, sometimes disgusting, sometimes affecting.
GOOD Well written and acted ensemble film. Deserved to do so much better at the box office.
FAIR Mack: 'Why is it that when someone's successful in one field, they think they know about everything?' Gee Mack, I dunno. Ask Larry Kasdan.
FAIR For long stretches of this offbeat and innovative film, the viewer truly has no idea what will happen next and many reasons to care.
GOOD Kasdan semi-revisits "Big Chill" territory in this well-acted dramatic ensemble.
GOOD A cool premise executed well
BAD From the fluttering flags to James Horner's shamelessly manipulative music, this is more like a patriotic "Heritage Moment" than a film about actual people.
FAIR War film relies too much on relentless violence.
FAIR This is the kind of film where you think you can predict everything that's going to happen upon the first shot and you spend the rest of the film praying that you're wrong. But it's fun getting there.
BAD I didn't expect a comedy.
BAD A premissa e interessante, mas o terceiro ato do filme, quando Cage e Beach se tornam indestrutiveis, estraga o filme.
FAIR It's tough to get worked up after watching superior films like Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers."
BAD Sure, he directs the heck out of gun battles and hand-to-hand combat, paying loving attention to each grunt, spurt and grimace, but there is something unseemly about the agony of war serving as fodder for yet another of Woo's sensational spectacles.
GOOD While some may have used this fascinating subject matter to craft a serious drama with historical significance, Woo and his writers choose instead to stay with the high-octane action format.
BAD What should be a moving story with spectacular battle scenes by one of the world's greatest action directors is a huge let-down.
GOOD ...Windtalkers is one of the most exciting (not to mention violent) war movies to emerge in quite some time.
FAIR Inspired by true events, this war-is-hell action drama from John Woo is a failed epic that doesn't rise to meet the material that inspired it.
FAIR The history is fascinating; the action is dazzling. They just don't work in concert.
FAIR It comfortably emerges as the best of the recent war flicks.
BAD At the end of the day, nothing particularly spectacular, especially when you consider the two men leading the project, director John Woo and actor Nicolas Cage.
FAIR The subject may be new to him, but in Windtalkers Mr. Woo abandons none of his obsessions with loyalty, duty, religious ritual, even birds in flight.
BAD It resuscitates a neglected slice of World War II history (the use of Navajo tribesmen as secret-code radiomen) only to smother it with cliches and repetitive massacres.
FAIR ...given its potential for telling a story about the courageous exploits of unsung heroes, the movie is a decided letdown.
BAD A merely competent action war pic, boasting neither Woo's trademark balletic violent set-pieces nor any convincing insight into the tensions between the native Americans and their Anglo-Saxon commanders in the Marine Corps.
BAD Navajos will question Woo's credibility with a silly cigarette tobacco 'ceremony' and his reliance on stereotypes
BAD A genuinely fascinating piece of American history reduced by Woo to a near-psychopathic bloodbath full of transparent jingoism.
FAIR In the wake of Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage's war-weary marine.
GOOD Buena, pero....Woo pudo haberlo logrado, pero pequenos detalles y errores marcan la diferencia entre una gran cinta y un clasico de genero.
GOOD It's the best new battle film since Black Hawk Down.
BAD John Woo and Nicolas Cage do little to enhance their reputations with this one, which is not to say that an indiscriminate war film buff might not get a fix out of the action content here.
BAD John Woo superficially glosses over what should have been the most interesting parts of his story to get to cliched drama and stylized violence.
BAD Redundant action sequences and character types that have largely worn out their welcome.
GOOD As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
GOOD Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
GOOD Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
GOOD Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
GOOD Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
GOOD It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
GOOD Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
GOOD Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
GOOD Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
FAIR Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
BAD I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
GOOD ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
GOOD All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
GOOD Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
GOOD The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
GOOD Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
GOOD They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
GOOD It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
GOOD Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
GOOD The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
GOOD Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
GOOD Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
BAD Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
GOOD Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
GOOD Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
GOOD Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
GOOD Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
GOOD To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
GOOD You'll be horrified at how this hokum manipulates you, but the best strategy is to just surrender and enjoy it.
GOOD A consummate display of populist weepie-making.
BAD This modernized remake of Miss Hurst's frankly lachrymose tale is much the same as its soggy predecessor. It is the most shameless tear-jerker in a couple of years.
FAIR Glossy soaper ahead of its racially themed time.
GOOD Sirk immediately and deliberately acknowledges the film's metaphoric, almost pathological obsession with surfaces.
GOOD The ultimate Sirk film, the contradictions breaking the back of the melodrama genre for all time and Sirk gobbling up and spitting out his Hollywood career like a badger devouring its young.
BAD Trashy remake of John M. Stahl's 1934 classic
GOOD Sirk's subversive use of the excesses of melodrama have established him as one of the most significant directors to have worked in Hollywood, even if he was not recognised as such at the time.
FAIR Some vivid moments, but overall, just so-so.
GOOD The most dense, fascinating collage of notions and meta-narrative references and formal tinkering in Soderbergh's whole career.
GOOD It's a doodle movie, a sketchbook. I was held by the tinkering quality of it, though.
BAD Soderbergh's movie likely will appeal more to filmmakers than filmgoers.
BAD Click to read review
FAIR a dizzyingly convoluted exploration of sex, art, identity and reality
BAD ...Soderbergh has essentially gone full circle and made his artiest flick yet. Trouble is, it's just not terribly interesting.
BAD Should've been released as a lowkey DVD.
FAIR I sort of enjoyed it, but the movie plays amateurish and doesn't tell us anything new.
BAD Somewhere under the layers of pretentiousness and in-jokes and cleverness and reflexivity and artsiness and talk, there is probably a film lurking. I didn't find it.
BAD While it does beat watching paint dry, at least watching paint dry gives you a sense of something having been accomplished.
BAD The story is so unmoored and the characters so ill-defined that the overall effect is vacuous.
BAD Little more than a Dogme 95 film with Julia Roberts looking like a baboon.
FAIR ...feels like a featurette in a better movie's DVD.
BAD Soderbergh should be ashamed of himself for trying to pass this off as entertainment.
BAD a pretentious, shapeless, often boring jumble of a film that is pretending to be a spontaneous, improvised work of art made against the mainstream Hollywood machine.
BAD Full Frontal has some fun parts, but the sum of them never adds up to much.
FAIR I will recommend it to anyone wanting to see something different.
FAIR Works because it is unafraid to be so open, rough and unresolved.
BAD Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is, this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done.
BAD Steven Soderbergh overpowers himself in proving the point that directors are way too controlling. Have a few issues, do we?
BAD It's too self-aware of its own irony. It makes sure the audience knows this and tries to be cute about the whole thing at the expense of its own characters, inviting us to laugh at them.
BAD If Soderbergh wanted to expose the business up close and personal with the sincere simplicity of a mere camera lens, then couldn't he have accomplished this feat without the sledgehammer direction of a labored and obvious spoof?
FAIR Unfortunately, what Soderbergh's ended up with looks and feels like a half-baked John Cassavettes film where everyone improvises their dialogue.
BAD Gives a bad name to 'art' 'movies' everywhere.
BAD Maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages, but something aboul "Full Frontal" seems, well, contrived.
BAD It's as difficult to imagine someone who will find nothing to like in Full Frontal as it is to conceive of someone who can embrace everything it offers.
FAIR Penetratingly draws us in to this passing snapshot of just a few of the many unsatisfying lives in Tinseltown.
BAD Even Steven Soderberg describes this as a sketch, an experiment, an exercise, so when one character sighs, "I want this day to be over," I found myself nodding in agreement.
GOOD there is no Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies. Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how many years one is removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth gone wild remains burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
GOOD One of the best serial killer movie i have seen
GOOD Fascinating and absorbing. One of HBO's finest made-for-cable flicks.
BAD It feels unfinished, and unnecessarily padded by melodramatic plot developments and some strange, creepy exploitation of its young actress.
FAIR Right off the bat you should know that A Girl Like Her is essentially an anti-bullying Public Service Announcement. If you go into the film knowing this, then it's easier to appreciate the good things that the movie has going for it.
FAIR A Girl Like Her unfolds with a clear-eyed approach to the subject - a drama that fleshes out the principals and shows, without excusing the bully, that pain is not the exclusive domain of the victim.
GOOD Performed with unflinching honesty, it's a story that'll be familiar to countless teens, and the film could well have a long life as required, vivid viewing for high-schoolers, who'll have plenty to discuss after its poignant ending.
FAIR No doubt to be compared to movies like director Marisa Silver's 1988 film Permanent Record, A Girl Like Her is a fitting cautionary tale.
GOOD A Girl Like Her is one of those movies you have trouble forgetting, but that's the point.
BAD The young cast comes through with appealing, naturalistic performances. But Weber's programmatic, preachy story and emotional manipulation is so blatant that it verges on the fatuous.
GOOD One of the most moving and intelligent of the recent glut of films and TV specials about teenage bullying.
GOOD A Girl Like Her may not rank with Lee Hirsch's 2011 award-winning film Bully - a real documentary about real students being harassed - but it still packs a punch.
BAD A weepy and cliche-ridden misfire better suited for a midafternoon time slot on Nickelodeon than the big screen.
FAIR If you stick with the drama, in which Weber incorporates fake found footage and faux documentary scenes, you'll be rewarded, particularly by the outstanding performances of Lexi Ainsworth and Hunter King.
BAD Weber's main point - that bullies are often victims of bullying themselves - gets lost in a tsunami of sorrow and sadism.
GOOD Whether you like bad-a** sword fights or cute babies, there's something for everyone here.
FAIR An effective and disturbing film.
FAIR ...because the characters are so likable and their plan for breaking into the safe is genuinely interesting, it's easy enough to overlook the few dull spots.
GOOD a non-too-subtle satire on ... the crime genre, with especially good pokes at Jules Dassin's heist masterpiece Rififi
FAIR The film didn't promise anything more than it delivered.
FAIR DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun. It's my new guilty pleasure!
GOOD A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
BAD blissfully awful
BAD This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
BAD Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
FAIR The painful English-language sequences almost don't matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees truly are spectacular, even if the images sometimes seem more hazy than tactile, as is typical of digital special effects.
BAD ...low camp...
FAIR It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to be entertained, provided -- this is crucial -- you have a sense of humor.
FAIR Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
BAD When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable. Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody involved with this laughable fantasy knew what he or she was doing.
BAD The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem. Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
BAD The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime. The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't even register as a guilty pleasure.
BAD There's not a spark of sense here.
BAD Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
FAIR It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
BAD Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
FAIR One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
BAD This is not a movie to watch for escapism. This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
BAD ...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
GOOD Bizarre, underrated black comedy deserving rediscovery
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
GOOD Delirious in its excess, but never less than ferociously intelligent and operatically emotional, Underground represents one of those rare, exhilarating moments when an outsize artistic vision is fueled by an apparently unlimited budget. Not to be missed.
FAIR A rich, vibrant, visually spectacular survey of the changes the place has gone through during the past 50 years.
GOOD Kusturica takes us from wacky farce to harrowing grief to lyrical fantasy to bloody horror. To ignore any side of Underground is to do it injustice.
FAIR On balance, Kusturica is sturdier on style than substance.
GOOD Brilliant, outrageous filmmaking. Underground is touching, hilarious, and new.
FAIR Kusturica creates memorable characters and puts them in increasingly surreal scenarios, but he's awfully long-winded in the storytelling. Trim an hour off this beast and you've got a masterpiece.
FAIR It's an admirable, interesting wartime satire, but it has a vaguely distasteful feel that makes its 167 minutes a difficult slog.
FAIR Whether you'll share the filmmaker's indulgence of his larger-than-life characters is questionable, but the Fellini-esque wedding feast on a floating island makes for a memorable closing sequence.
GOOD Emir Kusturica's tragic-farce Underground may be the most important film of the last 25 years.
GOOD The past may all be just a pack of lies, the film suggests, but after everything's gone to pieces, it's hard not to feel nostalgic for something.
FAIR With much of the action taken at a frantic pace, to the accompaniment of brass or gypsy bands, this is as breathless as it is perplexing.
GOOD A sprawling, imaginative, bold and impressive work.
GOOD One of the most ribald, risky and madcap war movies ever filmed.
GOOD It's a heady mix, charmingly idealistic and bracingly clear-eyed, powerful and sad, and it sticks with you, and in you.
GOOD For anyone who's an aficionado of film, this is pure, unadulterated bliss.
FAIR So passionate, so exciting and so very odd at times that most of its obvious faults can be forgiven.
GOOD One of the best comedies MGM made in the 1950s.
GOOD First rate Hollywood comedy, with good support from its stars and Elizabeth Taylor at her loveliest.
GOOD A honey of a picture of American family life.
FAIR Middle-brow comedy that makes you wonder about Minnelli's reputation.
FAIR An endless array of laughs and goosebump fodder
GOOD Spencer Tracy's comic talent carries the more dated aspects of this sweet domestic tale.
BAD Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
BAD To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
BAD Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
BAD You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
BAD This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
BAD Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
FAIR In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
BAD Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
BAD The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
BAD Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
BAD A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
FAIR Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
BAD We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
BAD Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
BAD Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
BAD Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
BAD While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
BAD Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
BAD Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
BAD Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
FAIR Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
BAD Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
FAIR ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
BAD Morgans not worth hearing from.
FAIR A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
FAIR With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
BAD You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
BAD Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
BAD Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
FAIR The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
BAD It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
BAD I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
BAD Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
BAD Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
BAD Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
BAD Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
BAD A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
BAD The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
BAD Apesar das boas atuacoes de Rooney e Gleason, o filme apela demais para o melodrama e acaba soando de maneira excessivamente artificial - e a caricatural performance de Quinn nao colabora muito para evitar isso.
GOOD An all-time classic with Quinn giving one of the finest portrayals of his career. Gleason and Mickey Rooney are great in support.
GOOD An atypical Hitchcock film which depends on the element of surprise rather than his usual building of suspense.
GOOD The Master Hitchcock directs an early masterpiece.
GOOD Early Hitchcock talkie still holds the interest
GOOD A lovely Italian palette that questions if we can settle down to a life of struggle without having first lived life at its best.
GOOD What is happiness within the film's world? Fellini offers no easy answers.
GOOD Everything has changed, and nothing has changed. How sour it still is.
GOOD Along with his later 8 1/2, La Dolce Vita is regarded as one of acclaimed Italian director Federico Fellini's best-loved and most influential films. The '60s-set tale of one man's struggle with the so-called "sweet life" stars Marcello Mastroi
GOOD In spite of its thematic ugliness, this is a stunning-looking trawl through the Italian capital, with Ekberg's impromptu paddle in the Trevi fountain still the films enduring image.
GOOD Magico e inesquecivel, representa nao apenas um fascinante estudo de personagem, mas tambem um mergulho dilacerante na fragilidade humana. E Ekberg tornou-se, para sempre, uma das maiores personificacoes de sensualidade oferecidas pelo Cinema.
GOOD ...experienced as a series of bizarre vignettes, a headlong rush into the heady air of Rome's Via Veneta , its swank nightclubs and seedy gigolos, the perfume of fame and the stink of money.
GOOD Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" operates on so many levels that it's tough to know where Fellini is coming from or where he's headed, regardless of how many times you've watched his film.
GOOD After what we've seen of decadence during the past three decades or so, La Dolce Vita now seems tame, but people wasting time in nightclubs, dancing in the fountains of Rome, and just generally hanging out seemed a bit of a shock in 1960.
GOOD My heart wants to tell you that it's a great film, but my head fights it. I can settle it by saying that it's important, and that its joys outnumber its missteps.
GOOD This remains a landmark movie that should be seen by every self-respecting movie buff.
GOOD Primo Fellini!
GOOD What's incredible about Federico Fellini's work is its sense of life. Never once does this movie feel constructed or contrived, but rather appears to be unraveling before us, unscripted and uninhibited.
GOOD Rather than wallow in cynicism, Fellini's genius is characterised by a zest for life -- albeit a tragically insatiable one -- as he sprinkles dreamlike snapshots like glitter in the darkness.
GOOD Roman opera, a nocturnal vision demarcated by dawns, purring a siren's call of temptation and dissolution.
GOOD For all of its great moments, it's the tender sadness Fellini creates that makes "La Dolce Vita" resonate more than 40 years later.
GOOD A timeless, bittersweet carnival of severed roots, disintegrating values, lost innocence and dumbing down. Unmissable!
GOOD It's a comic, cutting and prophetic poem to Rome, movie stars, gossip and the lifestyles we have hungered to know more about ever since the first 'celebrity.'
GOOD Federico Fellini's parody of the parasites who bask in the glory of cheap publicity not only exposes the emptiness of their lives, but also of those who report their antics as if they were of world-shattering import.
GOOD Fellini's world is a joy to behold
GOOD As much as La Strada, 8 1/2 or Amarcord, La Dolce Vita still marks a summit of Fellini and of post-war Italian moviemaking.
GOOD It's just perfect.
GOOD [Fellini's] poetic sensibilities are in full effect. There's also a tremendous soulfulness that roots the movie's depiction of sin in the soil of introspection.
GOOD It received universal acclaim upon its release in 1960, and in retrospect it's the work that best represents its director.
GOOD A profound film by a legendary director in the greatest period of his career.
GOOD Truly unforgettable.
GOOD In sum, it is an awesome picture, licentious in content but moral and vastly sophisticated in its attitude and what it says.
GOOD Richly detailed, provocative and more than a little disconcerting, it represents a major filmmaker on the verge of his complete power.
GOOD As thought provoking as it is playful, as tragic as it is hilarious, La Dolce Vita is prime Fellini.
GOOD La Dolce Vita is the kind of movie you wanna grow old with.
GOOD Fellini's best film, in which the fragility of the characters is not overwhelmed by the director's decadent indulgences.
GOOD I consider it to be one of the greatest films of all time.
BAD There are some decent performances here, particularly from Jill Scott, but they just can't save the cliched material from weighing down the whole film.
BAD Tyler Perry's worst film.
BAD Hopelessly inert and dreary.
BAD Perry has plugged a hole in the market, for sure; it's just all a bit pleased with itself.
BAD Go to see it and you may ask yourself why did I bother?
BAD Fans of utter predictability will be well satisfied.
BAD Even a scene with Janet Jackson trashing a living room cannot lighten the laboured atmosphere.
BAD Undermined by its inability to stand separately from its predecessor.
BAD Sometimes shrill, always uneven...
BAD It becomes clear why Oprah is such a huge Perry fan.
BAD It's gone way past film bad -- all the way to crime bad, and personally I'd put the act of making Why Did I Get Married Too? on a level with seven burglaries.
BAD Basically, it's Barbershop with bigger bucks.
BAD The story is relentlessly bland and the script constantly panders to its family values-obsessed audience, neutering all the characters in the process.
GOOD Renaissance Man Tyler Perry proving he still has his finger on the pulse via yet another, madcap, marital melodrama apt to resonate with the collective conscious of the black community.
BAD One trip to this well was enough. The cast, returning from the first film, is good enough but the story is shrill and unnerving. By the time a tacky ending arrives the audience is ready for something a little lighter and a little brighter.
FAIR Not as clever or as dramatic as the first outing, 'Why Did I Get Married Too?' still is an enjoyable outing for the ensemble created by Tyler Perry.
FAIR It shows a maturing in Perry's work from the pandering of his men-are-all-dogs films.
BAD Like most of Perry's treasures, Why Did I Get Married Too? seems to have been shot with no script and on a single take; the majority of dialogue overheard at your local mall's food court is leagues more entertaining.
BAD I suppose it was inevitable in our post-Tiger Woods world that the golf club should be added to the Perry arsenal of womanly rage.
BAD Burdened with a bevy of unlikely plot twists, this is less a movie sequel than the latest installment in a big-screen soap opera.
BAD Another sure moneymaker but this is a weak effort from the Tyler Perry machine
BAD Easygoing effort at times feels over-baked and too full of Perry's now-trademarked melodramatics.
BAD Love heals in mature, melodramatic marriage dramedy.
FAIR Not only is Perry in tune with his audience as always, he's unquestionably growing as a cinematic artist.
FAIR If Perry's cinematic vision remains less than 20/20, his sagacity gets stronger by the movie.
BAD Worth mentioning is the queasy dynamic in which the male characters' violent impulses are condemned in theory but, when acted on, seem to be implicitly excused, or at least overlooked.
BAD [It] plays like an empty but diverting beach read. Your brain recognizes that the dialogue, for example, doesn't come from any place that remotely resembles relationship reality.
BAD Perry sticks with the pedestrian shots and a Lifetime network aesthetic. He doesn't even take advantage of the film's exotic Bahamian setting.
BAD It's nice to have things we can rely on in this unpredictable life, and among the most reliable of all are Tyler Perry movies.
BAD For the prolific Tyler Perry, Why Did I Get Married Too? is nothing if not more of the same.
BAD 'Married Too?' isn't the perfect film about the challenges of being married, but Perry brings enough issues to the table to enlighten and entertain the audience.
BAD Barely five minutes in, Will is already choking on an airless script and bumping desperately off its flyweight supporting players...
BAD The idea is sweet enough, recalling Africa United, but the execution is painfully amateur. Improbable, hackneyed and very dull.
BAD This superficial family drama will appeal to many Reds' fans, but it's also so twee compared with Danny Boyle's Millions (2004) that it's unlikely anybody else will want to go near.
BAD It just feels rather silly, as if it assumes such a reverent audience couldn't possibly need anything as pedestrian as believable characters or a likely plotline.
GOOD Essential viewing for the noir fan and the kind of movie that could make a neutral third party into a noir fan in the first place.
GOOD Out Of The Past is undeniably a film noir, and rightly regarded as one of the genre's best.
GOOD 'Maybe we thought the world would end,' Mitchum muses, during a short-lived spell of happiness in Mexico. 'Maybe we thought it was a dream.' A dream? In his trench coat and fedora, he's clearly not a man destined to die quietly in his bed.
GOOD Few films noir were better than this.
GOOD Out of the Past should be considered a prototypical example of how to do noir the right way--shadowy corners, double crossings aplenty, a luscious femme fatale, and, of course, murders.
GOOD An irresistible blend of postwar fatalism, hard-boiled dialogue, dangerous sex and luscious black-and-whites ... the slouching, sleepy-eyed Mitchum is arguably the consummate noir hero.
GOOD One of the greatest of all film noirs.
GOOD Mitchum's sad-eyed countenance is perfect for the world-weary, dead-eyed defeatist he plays.
GOOD Jacques Tourneur directed one of the all-time greatest film noirs with Out of the Past, which also gave Robert Mitchum one of his two greatest roles.
FAIR A little too brooding and stylish for its own good, if you ask me.
GOOD Film noir at its darkest
GOOD Top-notch noir
GOOD Cinematic perfection, a Hollywood classic that's as great and as enjoyable as its reputation has promised.
GOOD This quintessential film noir catapulted contract player Robert Mitchum into superstardom and set the standard for the genre for years to come.
FAIR This low-key supernatural thriller, illogical as it is, offers a brief respite from the gruelling Saws and Hostels of the world.
FAIR Too polished to be truly creepy, The Return has more than enough atmosphere to keep you watching - but nowhere near enough mystery.
BAD a low point in the on-going battle to scare U.S. teens from their allowances
BAD Austerely directed but shamelessly dry, uneventful and derivative.
BAD [The Return] isn't creepy enough to really work properly and there's an over-reliance on sudden soundtrack noises in place of actual scares.
BAD It proves what many people have been suspecting for a while now: SMG is a scream queen for audiences who don't like horror movies.
BAD She gulps a hell of a lot, her cardigan sleeves are pulled down over her hands and her forehead's slightly furrowed (not too much, mind, it could make her look old). It can only mean one thing: Sarah Michelle Gellar is acting.
BAD A large step backwards for a promising director and far from the return we'd been hoping for.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD ...merely a good ending in search of a proper build-up.
FAIR As a superb example of a filmmaker more than making the most of his material, it's a fascinating experience, even though that material is wanting.
BAD "The Return" is a slow-going ghost story that takes a long time to say "Boo!"
BAD A film so formless and pointless that you may find yourself wondering who the target audience was supposed to be.
FAIR Driven by imagery rather than dialogue, rising tension rather than action, The Return depends on the actress' ability to convey plot development through subtle changes in expression rather than the kick-boxing moves for which she's become known.
BAD As B-level suspensers go, though, The Return isn't actively awful -- just slow and cursed with a lead who acts with her T-shirt.
BAD The Return universally fails to establish any sense of reality, which makes it hard to register when Joanna's world starts falling apart.
BAD The horror movie workhorse Sarah Michelle Gellar is back to chill us with The Return, a rote thriller with an intriguingly frenetic shooting style.
BAD Gellar, who isn't bad with comedy, can't do drama, even in the chocolate-colored hair she wears this time.
BAD Since Adam Sussman's script is as lazy as Asif Kapadia's direction is disjointed, nothing ever makes sense, even after the anticlimatic explanation is revealed. Not even Gellar can work up any interest in Joanna's fate.
BAD The Return isn't the worst movie of the year -- or even in the top 10. But it's hard to imagine anyone seeing this movie and thinking they got their money's worth.
BAD Many elements of The Return are quite sophisticated as past and present converge and Joanna's pursuer catches her scent. It's too bad that the plot takes us into irrationality, past the point of no return.
BAD Gellar's thousand-yard stare and somnambulant screen presence have become a serious drag.
BAD Director Asif Kapadia has a penchant for overused neo-horror film conventions (he's in love with harshly lit dream sequences that look like the video scenes in The Ring).
BAD Sarah Michelle Gellar may have ditched the Grudge franchise, but her predilection for illogical horror continues with The Return.
BAD Asif Kapadia's The Return is a visually sumptuous but emotionally stillborn thriller that may be a bit too modest for its own good.
BAD Hopelessly convoluted and vague.
BAD Sarah Michelle Gellar battled countless monsters as Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Her biggest challenge in The Return is to keep from yawning.
BAD Although it's being advertised as a horror movie, The Return actually invents a new genre: the bore-or movie.
BAD The Return doesn't have enough scares to be a good thriller, and it doesn't have the depth to work on an arty level. This isn't a bad movie; it's just painfully thin.
BAD It's just a slow slog to a payoff that isn't worth the effort.
FAIR A simple ghost story that is, for all its faults, elegantly told, and compellingly acted.
GOOD Any reprisal of the Yojimbo character is a welcome one, even if the pairing of these two cinematic legends didn't quite produce as much chemistry as hoped for
FAIR Un relato crudo, probablemente desconcertante y extranamente tragicomico, solo para seguidores incondicionales del director, que repite su estilo sin sorpresas.
GOOD It's a deceptively satisfying, almost magical achievement, like being stranded in a desert yet never going thirsty.
GOOD A wholly satisfying comic-existential bit of fluff.
FAIR Kaurismaki's spare style and economical storytelling are well-suited to this particular story about loneliness, as the director never muddies the frame with sentimental dross or lugubrious inclinations.
FAIR Kaurismaki is self-consciously tapping into the raw pathos of an earlier time in cinema (the pain and loss that often accompanied Charles Chaplin's Little Tramp, for example). The idea works, though it is finally wearing.
BAD The director's existential sarcasm is muted here.
BAD So dry it's parched, this study of a passive loser whose life just keeps getting worse is basically a series of noir cliches clothed in arthouse anomie.
GOOD The distance Kaurismki creates belies his deeply humanistic streak. He engages characters in the direst of situations not to see them suffer but to search for hope.
FAIR Stripped of much of the director's trademark deadpan humor and saddled with such an extremely passive protagonist, getting through the drama becomes an exercise in patience.
FAIR It's a handsome production, and a pleasure to watch.
FAIR If you're new to Kaurismaki, the film will make you a fan. If you've seen everything else he's ever done, the comedy will confirm your commitment.
FAIR A mood of cosmic desolation seeps like late autumn sunlight filtered through clouds in Aki Kaurismaki's Lights in the Dusk.
GOOD Kaurismaki's underdog tragicomedy is an elegant piece of modern urban noir.
GOOD dumbfounding the audience once again, mixing the metaphysical with the meanderingly amusing.
GOOD Kaurismaki once again hints at oceans of emotion underneath the minimalist surface.
GOOD It all sounds brutally miserable, but a spry comic flicker, and Koistinen's dim but undying hope keep things surprisingly light, while brilliantly efficient storytelling gives the human tale almost all of the short 77 minutes to unfurl.
FAIR If you're a fan of Finnish director Aki Kaurismaki's deadpan comedy world, then his latest piece of controlled, semi-stylised whimsy will be right up your alley.
GOOD Ignore accusations that this is sluggish and inconsequential. This is textbook Kaurismaki, from its drolly laconic style to its delicious cinematic nostalgia.
BAD Lights in the Dusk suggests what it might be like to stare at Bill Murray in a coma for 75 minutes.
GOOD A noir on Ativan, Lights in the Dusk displays another of Kaurismaki's best traits: his deep sympathy for the world's most helpless (and hapless) souls.
BAD A rare misstep for director Kaurismaki.
FAIR I'd only recommend it if you feel you'd like fluffy made-for-TV musicals.
BAD ...ultimately overlong and forgettable, despite the best efforts of an exceedingly game cast.
FAIR pretty harmless and almost wholly unmemorable, but considerably better than a lot of animated junk that's passed off as kiddie fare.
FAIR Does not end with any cohesive point, but as a study in style and technique it shows a woman enamored with the sensation of classic cinematic values.
BAD It may not be laughably awful - like her and Ritchie's Swept Away - it's something far worse...boring.
BAD Is this the end of Madonna as a movie maker, a case of her always ambitious reach exceeding her limited grasp?
BAD W.E. is staggeringly misjudged, infuriatingly revisionist, blindingly stupid and stomach evacuatingly terrible.
BAD Impossible to recommend to anyone not already fascinated with the British royal family, or at least jonesing for a companion piece to The King's Speech.
FAIR Truth be told, the film isn't THAT bad, and if it had been directed by an unknown rather than a controversial media icon, it might have been more charitably dismissed as an ambitious failure.
GOOD not a completely horrible film ...there's one sequence - an anachronistic and jarring one in which Wallis Simpson ... dances with a Masai tribesman to the Sex Pistols' "Pretty Vacant" - that I think indicates that Madge has real potential as a director.
BAD An ambitiously conceived and beautifully designed and costumed but disjointed work; each scene is impressive on its own, but the movie -- like its heroines? -- lacks a coherent identity.
FAIR Madonna doesn't appear in W.E. but her artistic sensibilities are on display at every turn.
BAD Tonally and emotionally all over the map, Madonna wants to celebrate Wallis' and Edward's martini-shaking high living while also wallowing in her hidden pain.
BAD Hear us out, Madge: Next time, go with what you know.
BAD Enough already with the famous-equals-feminist school of female icons - it's not enough to simply dress well.
BAD The coda plays like one long and petulant foot stomp about sacrifice and due recognition of said sacrifice, and in that, too, it's impossible not to tease the thread back to its maker, striking a pose as misunderstood icon.
BAD It's hard to hate a movie that escorts us to such lovely locales, but instead of marking the territory as her own, Madonna has directed a potentially provocative story like a virgin.
BAD With "W.E." Madonna gorges on glamour, architectural porn and haute couture but starves the mind.
FAIR The film is stylishly shot. And, in weaving the stories of Wally and Wallis, Madonna trusts viewers to move from mood to mood, era to era without overexplanation, the way music-video editing long ago trained us to.
FAIR Neither story comes alive, in large part because the film never stops moving long enough to let them.
BAD A movie more concerned with how things look than how they feel.
BAD The big problem is that "W.E." has too much ground to cover, including three marriages for Wallis and one for Wally.
BAD To start by answering the only question most people probably care about very much: Arianne Phillips's costumes are pretty great, all right.
BAD The production is nice looking, and telling the Edward-and-Wallis story from her side is an interesting idea, but it's one that Madonna simply can't pull off here.
BAD Madonna, for all her faults, cast this self-funded feature with uncharacteristic cinematic poise. Otherwise, though, it's a disappointment
BAD a glossy mess with no discernable point of view; a gluttonous feast of self-pity by women with a total lack of self-awareness
BAD Madonna directs mature, uneven drama; some domestic abuse.
BAD If it's not quite the unholy mess that the reviews have promised, there's no question that this is a sloppy, hubristic affair.
BAD A movie that's less about people than the fetishistic obsession with style.
BAD The best thing that can be said about "W.E." is that as failed bits of year-end Oscar bait involving England in the 20th century go, it is better than "The Iron Lady." Unfortunately, it isn't that much better.
BAD As a director, Madonna has flair without ability, but she does have flair.
BAD "W.E." is a mess, but it's certainly an attractive one; the characters are underdeveloped, yet so relentlessly art- directed that at least there's always something lovely to look at.
BAD Madonna the director deserves a script better than the one Madonna the screenwriter handed off to her.
BAD [It] tries awfully hard. In the end it tries our patience.
BAD Finally, a Hollywood feature directed by someone who's performed live at the Super Bowl halftime show.
BAD W.E. may be Madonna's second directorial effort, but she still tells a story like a virgin.
BAD Madonna as a director has no discernible idea of how to locate a tone, or a provocative blend of tones. Her camera makes circles around its subjects every chance it gets in ways that evoke - nothing.
FAIR "W.E." is an elegant, ambitious and relentlessly monotonous film.
FAIR If Madonna wants to move into directing then she should get someone else to write the scripts. She has a fine visual eye, but she seems at a loss on how to put together an entertaining story.
BAD Terrible, but fascinating- not for the movie itself, but the fact that Madonna thought these people were worth making a movie about.
BAD A tale for the ages compressed into something thoroughly forgettable.
BAD The historic storyline is far better done than the present day one, which ultimately leads to half a decent movie and another half that's almost unbearable.
BAD The question that needs to be asked about Madonna's "W.E." is why?
BAD For Madonna, what better symbol than a vanity mirror for her vanity project - both are stylish and both reflect nothing more than their own emptiness.
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ... You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness. Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
FAIR Shrew's Nest is a slow, slow burn, but once the fireworks ignite, they explode in a spectacularly bloody spectacle that showcases Macarena Gomez's dementedly enjoyable performance.
FAIR Comes complete with a darkly comic undertone which makes for such enjoyable and unashamedly entertaining cinema.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding little horror flick.
BAD ...The Great New Wonderful boasts a pervasively aimless atmosphere that slowly but surely wears the viewer down and ensures that the film's overtly positive elements are ultimately rendered moot.
FAIR While it's not always successful at doing so, this film does have its perceptive, thoughtful moments. And it features one of the best ensemble casts in recent memory.
GOOD [The characters], like us, are looking for answers in a rare movie that boldly and thoughtfully asks the right questions.
GOOD Luminous, affecting, and at times humorous take on 9/11's aftermath.
GOOD There's an emotional truth to TGNW that can be denied or ignored, and it comes through if you give the movie a chance.
FAIR While the film rarely imparts a true sense of messy everyday feelings and the strife of real life, the fine actors take your mind off the shortcomings.
FAIR The movie itself is having an identity crisis; it tries to make 9/11 a significant day in these people's lives and it has nothing to do with that day, both at the same time.
FAIR It's in the Magnolia/Short Cuts vein and, although it's not as good as those classics, the characters and their dilemmas are absorbing.
FAIR Set on the one-year anniversary of the twin towers' collapse, the drama interweaves five stories about New Yorkers. It's a testament to the city's resolve to resume life as normal.
FAIR This is a film that never really says what's it's about, and may in fact not be about much of anything other than the zeitgeist of the era. Which, if you think about it, is plenty.
FAIR There's a lot to admire about this movie, especially its lack of sentimental manipulation when dealing with the topic of 9/11.
FAIR Better character-connection would inject this well photographed episodic journey around the island with a higher level of dramatic justification.
FAIR It's a shame that The Great New Wonderful occasionally strains as it reaches all around New York, searching for touched lives and subtext; it's an overachiever already.
BAD This is one of the more depressing films to come out this year.
FAIR Sam Catlin's script may actually be a little too subtle, and connective tissue joining this diverse group of characters is rendered perilously thin.
GOOD Keenly observed and beautifully acted, Danny Leiner's The Great New Wonderful is a seriocomic gem of rare grace and psychological nuance.
BAD The stories don't really connect, and for all the film's portentous shots of the changed skyline, there's no sense that 9/11 really changed these people.
BAD Why is such a talented cast doing such weak material? This finally becomes clear an hour in, when most of the actors get to do what they love: play emotional breakdowns.
GOOD The stories are eye-opening and heartwarming at the same time, but you'll be moved less by empathy for the characters than by the summoning of your own emotional memories. This movie is personal.
GOOD This mysteriously rich, mostly wonderful comedy-drama takes place in September 2002, when the lives of its unconnected New Yorkers have returned to something that looks like normal. 'Normal' being a thin layer of tissue paper over the abyss.
FAIR Leiner's portrait of a post 9/11 New York shows a fragile population, jumpy and sad.
GOOD A riveting and quirky movie about the aftershocks of 9/11 in the lives of a group of people still in denial a year later.
BAD Exhibits no trace of the random, goofy humor found in Leiner's first two directorial efforts.
FAIR Danny Leiner's film offers a collection of quiet, tidy vignettes that occur simultaneously in New York City a year after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
BAD I'm not surprised that in my youth I thought Shallow Grave was a pretty cool movie. What surprises me now is that the adults at the time gave this ridiculous movie a pass.
GOOD "Shallow Grave" is a story that goes from bad to worse to nasty during its duration. The performances are solid as you can never get a clear read on anyone's motives right until it's about to be revealed. One of the most solid debuts anyone could ask for.
FAIR While it is not a great film, it is a good first film, amply demonstrating Boyle's catchy visual flair and rat-a-tat sense of tempo, as well as Hodge's ear for dialogue and intuitive sense of character dynamics
BAD At some point, ordinary human compassion must take up the slack. Boyle isn't a zippy enough director to make up for what's missing. No one is.
BAD Impressive cast fails to redeem rather overrated movie.
GOOD Nasty, mean-spirited, and heartless--perfect qualities for a thriller.
GOOD Horrific fun!
GOOD Regardless of how one feels about the film, there's no denying that it's absolutely brilliant as a cinematic calling card.
GOOD Smart and twisted with a nice ensemble.
GOOD An excellent little thriller!
GOOD A savagely entertaining neo-film noir.
BAD A few good moments, but you never truly connect with the main characters.
BAD We end up with a Hitchcock-lite tale that has gratuitous violence a la Steven King or any slasher movie pasted on in place of a viable script.
GOOD From the get-go, this film begins to close its fingers around your neck and never lets go.
FAIR A reasonably enjoyable (for those captivated by this sort of thing) black comedy/noir thriller.
GOOD A tight little thriller, filled with exhilarating twists, that quickly establishes its artistic contract with the audience.
GOOD Grabs hold of you in the first few minutes and then refuses to let you go until the bitter, shocking end.
FAIR Gives ample evidence of Boyle's cinematic artistry.
BAD Since no reasonable person can remotely hope to identity with Juliet, David or Alex, the whole case drops through.
FAIR Eccleston's intense performance and a few nasty little twists make it a thriller that keeps you watching, guessing and squirming.
GOOD [Do the Right Thing is] an exceptional film, a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood. Like the film's principals, you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live.
GOOD This might sound like a depressing story, but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning.
GOOD The movie's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made.
BAD It's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil, as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth.
GOOD [A] movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single, brightly bedecked, booby-trapped package.
BAD Sure, the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York, but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed.
GOOD Lee shows us both sides of the situation, and lets us decide for ourselves. The results are devastating.
GOOD A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989.
GOOD A towering achievement in American cinema, Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock, like Nashville to Robert Altman, like Playtime to Jacques Tati, Lee's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator's artistic command.
GOOD A pulsating homage to life on New York's streets, achieved thanks to Lee's sleepless eye, but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism, too.
GOOD A tour-de-force for Spike Lee
GOOD Spike's greatest film to date. Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it.
GOOD spike lee's masterpiece
GOOD Who expected this to be its director's last really terrific film?
GOOD Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made.
GOOD Made me love Spike.
GOOD A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world. There are no absolute heroes or villains. There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace.
GOOD The movie confronts racism head-on, with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures. Lee does not pander to political correctness, nor does he sermonize.
GOOD You can't afford not to see this modern masterpiece.
GOOD Roger Ebert points out that this film, which honestly (and sometimes graphically) explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations, was probably the best movie of 1989. I would have a hard time disagreeing.
GOOD I think it's Spike's best. Loud, honest, angry entertainment.
GOOD This may not be the best film of the summer, but it is the most ambitious.
FAIR It might never be remembered as a great film - or even as a great Schwarzenegger film - but it's a great slice of nostalgia.
FAIR ...a plodding, downright generic buddy-cop thriller that's simply unable to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
GOOD Hill's muscular, energetic direction makes what might have been just another buddy-cop thriller into an electrifying piece of escapism. One of Arnold's most underrated flicks.
BAD This thing was a dud in the 80s. That's saying something.
FAIR Walter Hill's direction's real cool, and the photography is beautiful. The film is also pretty funny. The leads are great.
FAIR Hill's confidence keeps the formulaic buddy-cop cliches entertaining.
FAIR If you still pine for the 80s where East vs West dominated action films, then this is an essential part of your education.
FAIR "Red Heat" is not the first movie about a couple of very different cops, and it will not be the last, but as the formula goes this is a superior example.
GOOD Much more than a teen movie....an experience, and one you'll never forget. TURN IT UP LOUD!
FAIR Fast paced with a satisfyingly unhappy ending.
FAIR A teen anthem and guilty pleasure.
FAIR Underrated.
GOOD Few films understand the fantasies of the would-be outsider-turned-icon quite as well, while remaining in a realistic setting.
GOOD Powerful teen rebellion movie
FAIR Entertaining teen rebellion story
GOOD A surprisingly solid celebration of teen angst and rebellion. Soundtrack was quite choice, as well.
GOOD Pump Up the Volume is one of the most powerful movies I've ever seen.
GOOD Pump Up The Volume is well worth a look.
FAIR Unlike most teen movies, it's honest in portraying teen years as less than idyllic.
BAD The only real reason to see this film is Slater's knockout performance.
GOOD A taut drama with great performances and a recipe for action and tension that modern-day thrillers could learn from.
GOOD But what if the mask of your neighbor tilts for a second and you catch a glimpse of the riot going on behind his face? What if you accidentally see the monster feasting on his prey? Now what if you're looking in the mirror?
BAD It ends up hackneyed, unnecessary, and cliched, improved only by the A-list acting talent and slickness of the production values.
GOOD Ugliness that must be taken seriously
GOOD Um assustador estudo sobre o animal interior do Homem que, mesmo moralista, conservador e misogino, impressiona por sua complexidade.
GOOD One of Sam Peckinpah's finest films, a relentless study in violence and machismo that is shocking, not only for its explicit gore, but for the degree to which it manipulates 'civilized' audiences.
GOOD Peckinpah's treatise on violence and masculinity is disturbing on a fundamental level... and equally difficult to forget.
GOOD A meaty uncompromising movie from the masterful Sam Peckinpah.
GOOD ...Hoffman delivers a stunning, unforgettable performance.
GOOD A glimpse into the hell of our secret selves.
GOOD Stunning study of human nature squeezed.
BAD The most offensive thing about the movie is its hypocrisy; it is totally committed to the pornography of violence, but lays on the moral outrage with a shovel.
GOOD Director Peckinpah effectively explores the levels of so-called 'manhood' and takes them to a ludicrous but ultimately exciting conclusion.
GOOD plays out with ferocious brilliance
GOOD Sam Peckinpah doesn't find anything to cheer about when his Man expresses his rage.
BAD Mr. Peckinpah has made some good films (Ride the High Country) and a couple of great films (The Wild Bunch, The Ballad of Cable Hogue) -- which may be why Straw Dogs is a special disappointment.
GOOD A great and troubling masterpiece, a film of such simultaneous depth and crudeness that it has elicited some of the most conflicting responses of his or any other filmmaker's career.
GOOD Straw Dogs serves as the director's blistering treatise on man's inherent animalistic impulses.
FAIR [Creates] a disturbing mood further fueled by the picture's underlying themes.
GOOD Nothing has dimmed its visceral impact. And likely nothing will.
FAIR A riveting character piece which will stir the soul upon completion.
FAIR Un relato sensible y sutil sobre la reconstruccion de un vinculo interrumpido traumaticamente. Mas que atendible debut en la direccion del escritor Philippe Claudel, con estupendas actuaciones de sus protagonistas femeninas.
FAIR The well-drawn, intriguing characters and vividly realistic situations make for an interesting story that holds your attention. The conversations are natural and succinct.
FAIR The last-act revelation leaves the audience off the hook in a way that's more common for a soothing Hollywood picture than this sort of challenging French import.
FAIR In the hands of Kristin Scott Thomas it becomes the story of one woman's struggle with the events of her life...
GOOD Remarkable directorial debut of French novelist Claudel.
FAIR Madeline Goes to Prison tops Madea Goes to Jail
GOOD Reminds us of how truly brilliant filmmaking needs none of the technology and bombast Hollywood has come to depend on.
FAIR Don't let the Harlequin Romance title fool you.
GOOD Claudel has made a very special kind of star vehicle -- the kind that's also a very good movie overall.
FAIR The movie's fascinating when it tracks Juliette's tentative, almost unwilling progress back into society.
FAIR The ending is a cop-out: It lets the audience off the hook while congratulating it for its empathy.
FAIR Thomas and Zylberstein are exceptional beyond the film itself, which demands deliberation and made me wish that it delivered a more memorable payoff for that patience.
GOOD The detail in I've Loved You So Long is incredible. There's a tightness of structure that makes no moment seem inessential.
FAIR This isn't a movie about big emotional breakthroughs, but about the slow thaw taking place in Juliette's heart, and writer-director Philippe Claudel and the actors do an excellent job in charting a series of small, telling steps forward.
GOOD 'I've Loved You So Long' feels convincing even when jolting developments occur.
FAIR A good movie with a great performance, I've Loved You So Long is about one rewrite away from perfection.
GOOD In a few moments the British actress, playing a haunted woman named Juliette, will begin speaking French, but in these moments her face reveals more than any dialogue.
GOOD In a profession that routinely casts aside leading ladies when they hit 40, it's a shame a great one had to take her act to France to remind us that actors, like wines, only improve with age.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long isn't a perfect movie, thanks to the wrinkle at the end but it is so good for so long that it begs forgiveness.
FAIR This is a drama about the role of forgiveness in daily life, made compelling by an actress with a flair for the ordinary.
FAIR Makes the most out of dead air and empty spaces.
BAD As much as Thomas transcends her typically reserved, austere presence, it's not quite enough to give the movie the emotional weight it so desperately reaches for.
GOOD Scott Thomas' spare movements and flinty expression reflect Juliette's will to hold in her emotions like a dam about to burst - and when it finally does, the results are heartbreaking.
FAIR [The cast] bails the film out when it gets itself into some particular tricky spots.
GOOD This film teaches the rewards of patience for directors, for actors and for audiences, too.
BAD I've Loved You So Long is very thin and artificial; characters behave erratically and illogically for no other reason than to serve the forward thrust of the plot.
GOOD Kristen Scott Thomas' performance is the backbone to an emotionally moving story about a woman searching for redemption within herself. Seek this out!
FAIR Kristen Scott Thomas delivers a powerhouse portrayal of a woman with a secret past in this downbeat yet rewarding French melodrama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, the movie pulls you in with its squarely realistic setting and subdued performances. Best of all is Thomas.
GOOD Claudel's Juliette is one of the year's great movie characters, and she has earned the right to keep some things just for herself.
FAIR Utterly absorbing.
FAIR Thomas gives it her all, uncorking every ounce of emotion she'd held in check, with Herculean restraint, over the better part of two hours.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long is about the repercussions of tragedy, the difficulty of being supportive, the need for patience in the face of despair. Without saying much, Scott Thomas carries the entire enterprise on her slender shoulders.
GOOD If Scott Thomas' performance, with her limpid, wounded eyes and her brittle, angular physique, is the movie's face, then Elsa Zylberstein's Lea is, in a sense, its mainspring.
GOOD Kristin Scott Thomas gives a performance that is so chilling, so braced in pain that it's almost impossible to bear. Almost impossible, because, in fact, it's impossible not to behold this riveting piece of role immersion.
GOOD The most brilliant of all Soviet silent films.
GOOD The director displays a vivid imagination and an artistic appreciation of motion picture values.
GOOD Eisenstein's film still has a hypnotic urgency.
GOOD Don't be put off by its highbrow reputation, this is essential cinema.
GOOD Who needs Avatar in 3D when you can have this?
GOOD Nearly 90 years on, Eisenstein's masterpiece is still guaranteed to get the pulse racing.
GOOD It is a knockout.
GOOD For a piece of propaganda, this has a lot more artfulness than you'll recall, replete with quiet moments of public mourning and a stirring flag-hoisting (dyed red on the new print, too).
GOOD Sergei Eisenstein's masterpiece is a persistently political work salvaged by its unforgettable grasp of motion.
GOOD Eisenstein proved himself to be the first of what would become a familiar filmmaking type: the entertainer/sadist.
GOOD Startlingly beautiful.
FAIR comes from a time where films communicated primarily through images, even if its themes fade into historical irrelevance.
GOOD As agitprop, Potemkin is a masterpiece. As art, it leaves something to be desired.
GOOD Nowadays, the film's technical achievements take center stage; its astonishing 'montage' editing techniques (which Eisenstein wrote about at length) still get the blood pumping.
GOOD Theories of montage and Eisenstein's developments to the language of cinema to one side, Potemkin is first and foremost a powerfully visceral film. Its very lack of subtlety works in its favor. The film is not a meditation, it's a shout.
GOOD Other than Citizen Kane, this film probably has the largest amount written about it. It is rightly considered a masterpiece.
GOOD If you only ever see one silent, this is the one it should be.
GOOD If you are at all interested in the history of cinema, or the influence of 20th century politics on the medium, then this film is a must-see, although over an hour of Soviet propaganda is likely to test the patience of modern viewers.
FAIR An exceptionally beautiful movie with some winning performances from a young and unproven cast,
GOOD George Washington is a mood piece first, and its triumph is in bottling up the intense feeling of early adolescence, and watching how tragedy transforms it.
FAIR Oh, you could analyze and debate and dissect the individual vignettes to smithereens, which is what makes it literary, I 'spect. But that would be too much like homework.
GOOD What makes Green's work such a thing of beauty is its relentless, yet altogether genuine, modesty.
FAIR Stylized to the point of poetry, David Gordon Green's impressive debut fuses the lyricism of Terence Malick with Harmony Korine's willingness to poke around the garbage-strewn landscape of the American underclass.
GOOD Poetic, patient and beautiful, it's an astoundingly mature film from 25 year old debutant director Green.
GOOD Whether George Washington is a false dawn or the start of a whole new hope it remains one of the films of the year. Dream with it while you can.
GOOD Like eavesdropping on people you didn't even know existed in America
GOOD A gorgeous, almost non-narrative portrait of kids in small-town America
GOOD Beautifully-photographed, lyrical film by debut director David Gordon Green -- definitely a talent to watch.
GOOD Surprising, rare gem.
GOOD One of the most striking and affecting American independent films of the year, heralding the arrival of a formidable young talent in Green.
FAIR Brave and thoughtful and aesthetically pleasing.
GOOD George Washington is the closest thing we have to William Faulkner on screen
GOOD George Washington is the best American film of 2000.
FAIR With a kind of eerie beauty and simplicity, David Gordon Green captures a slice of American life in this truly original film.
GOOD A shockingly powerful film and, better yet, manages to do so in under 90 minutes.
FAIR You want to like the film more, but, unfortunately, it just moves too slowly, not enough happens and the characters just don't have enough interesting or original things to say.
GOOD An abstract, symbolic title is perfect for such an abstract, symbolic movie.
GOOD A work of startling originality that will haunt you for a good, long time.
GOOD A work of uncommon beauty and intelligence, one that is smart enough to trust its characters and the technical contributions of its crew.
GOOD The film's composition is nearly flawless, with the filmmakers juxtaposing the lush, Southern landscape with the rusted, twisted remains of industrial parks and warehouses that have been deserted and forgotten.
FAIR Too eager and too ambitious to be a classic.
GOOD Haunts and intrigues at every turn.
GOOD It remembers a summer that was not a happy summer, but there will never again be a summer so intensely felt, so alive, so valuable.
GOOD A film that, while sometimes maddeningly incomprehensible, is evocative, elegant and beautiful.
FAIR Not like any other movie. That, in itself, makes it something to see.
GOOD A film that feels truly unusual, refreshing, and ultimately affecting.
FAIR Flawed but worthwhile.
GOOD So urgent it's hard to ignore
BAD The movie isn't about much of anything, which you will find out if you can manage to stay awake.
FAIR Green effectively creates his main characters and imbues the film with a powerful sense of place and mood.
FAIR Alexander Sokurov's obscure new film Father and Son doesn't quite come off.
GOOD for a hit of pure cinema, you could do no better...than to spend a few moments reveling in its high
GOOD This strikingly beautiful film from Alexander Sokurov (Russian Ark) captures relationships in an ethereal way that gets way under the skin.
BAD A beautiful but static viewing experience that utterly fails to touch the viewer.
FAIR Although Father and Son is never as deep or wrenching as Mother and Son, the careful casting and Sokurov's unique visual style continue to make this a series worth following.
BAD The film seems to have internalized Sokurov's inspiration so far that it becomes a blur of hints and vapors.
FAIR The best way to watch Father and Son is to let it wash over you and not be overly concerned with prosaic matters like plot.
FAIR Father and Son is definitely a puzzle, and frankly I was about to walk out on it before it drastically improved.
FAIR Poised and teasing in a way that might incite less patient viewers to madness. But you don't come to Sokurov for his narrative agility, you come for his rhapsodic longueurs.
GOOD As it links paternalism, militarism, and nationalism, this achingly beautiful film proves dreamily seductive but also profoundly disturbing.
FAIR A magnificently shot exercise in tedium.
GOOD Nothing much happens by way of plot in the course of Father and Son, but it offers a fresh and often startling vision of one of the most fundamental relationships between human beings.
FAIR Sokurov vividly evokes the emotions underlying paternal love and filial devotion.
FAIR A feast for the eyes.
FAIR It's a film that will polarize audiences -- some will squirm in their seats while others will go with the art and flow.
BAD For those not familiar with Sokurov's work, the opaque, exclusive dialogue, surreal reality and the cryptic relationships may come across as ponderous and pretentious.
GOOD Sokurov firmly establishes his film as a spiritual parable; the characters' every glance and touch seems a cosmic gesture...
GOOD Like most of Sokurov's movies, this oblique parable is mysterious, elliptical, irresistible.
GOOD a unique, striking, poetic expression of the tumultuous emotions shared by a man and his boy at the crossroads of their lives.
GOOD Alexander Sokurov's new film is like a dream, or a half-translated poem. Its images and emotions are memorable and vivid, but its intentions often feel stubbornly hermetic.
GOOD A more naked movie than Father and Son is hard to imagine and would be impossible to watch.
GOOD A lustrous and passionate portrait of paternal bonds.
FAIR Father And Sons deals with a serious subject, but it's generally very funny, and the humour is more or less adult.
FAIR A tasty hors d'oeuvre while waiting for a really good French film to come along.
GOOD Utilizando a montagem de forma precisa para estabelecer o ritmo da vida de seus personagens, Yimou narra uma historia bem-humorada e reveladora sobre a China contemporanea, sendo auxiliando por Gong Li em um de seus melhores desempenhos.
GOOD Sparks of genius already apparent.
GOOD One of Zhang Yimou's finest moments.
FAIR Wilson and Page are compelling and Slade demonstrates a slick stylistic flair, but the over over-the-top shock pandering renders the dark lesson convoluted and hard to swallow.
FAIR Slade and his actors keep the tension high, and the questions don't come to mind until after the credits roll.
GOOD ... [I]t's Page who really carries the picture, delivering screenwriter Brian Nelson's clever dialogue so convincingly, we actually become scared for the child predator that she's tormenting.
GOOD a great suspence thriller in the likes of misery
BAD It's the kind of indie film that makes its mark by a controversial theme, an infamous scene, and dines out on its film-festival buzz.
GOOD Thoroughly confounding the 'normal' relationship between abuser and victim, first-time director Slade presents a complex morality tale under the guise of an exploitation thriller.
FAIR The film's strength is in the way it continually sustains suspense, particularly in the use of sound effects. Very little is shown, but much is heard.
GOOD A cracking little thriller which makes you think even as it's keeping you on the edge of your seat. It's not always easy viewing, but Hard Candy is an intelligent, challenging film which deserves to be seen.
FAIR Strong one-on-one acting elevates this table-turning horror show.
BAD You can sense that it wants to be talked about more than it wants to actually say anything
FAIR Hard-hitting independent thriller about child molestation and vigilante justice.
GOOD A film that will have you both squirming in your seat and teetering on the edge of it.
GOOD Smart, challenging and timely look at the world of internet grooming.
FAIR [Hard Candy is] a stylishly directed thriller that's worth seeing for its intense performances, but there are too few surprises and the end result is disappointing.
GOOD She's a tease with a whiff of fascist certainty in her summary judgments. It might be interesting to read what some post-feminists make of such a sleek action character.
GOOD This is one particularly edgy and disturbing little film, and it will no doubt have people talking by the end of the year -- if not for its taboo subject matter, then for the brilliant performance by its Lolitaesque star, Ellen Page.
GOOD Ellen Page comes off as a pint-sized Cillian Murphy with the vocabulary of Veronica Mars pushed through a Canandian sieve.
GOOD As an exercise in grueling psychological suspense, the movie is -- literally -- several 'cuts' above the rest.
GOOD The acting is also top-notch, as Patrick Wilson gives a desperate turn despite being tied up for much of the time, while Ellen Page steals the show with a grueling, star-making performance.
GOOD Hard Candy is both as ambiguous, and as obvious, a movie as you're likely to find in mainstream American cinema.
FAIR It's not the surprise that keeps us gripped; it's the deeply creepy writing and amazingly raw performances that do it.
BAD It takes creepy, spooky, and altogether ooky to a hideous new level.
FAIR A daring two-character drama that goes sour in its last half-hour ... In this Misery with a teen twist, Ellen Page delivers a mint performance far beyond her years.
FAIR ...a twisted battle of the sexes, featuring both seriously insightful subject matter and enough vicious put-downs to make Peg and Al Bundy blush.
GOOD Amazingly uncomfortable and only occasionally implausible. It's guaranteed to spark a reaction and a conversation.
BAD A calculated provocation with pretensions to public service value (think of the infamous 'molester' episode of 'Diff'rent Strokes').
FAIR It's well worth seeing, because it is well made -- apart from a few gaps in logic -- and well acted.
FAIR ... a film that gives you something to think about, raising questions that linger long after the theater lights have brightened.
BAD Hard Candy is an exploitation film, with very little happening but a guy getting tortured for about 75 minutes of screen time.
GOOD The aptly named Hard Candy is a challenging, flawed but strangely engrossing film.
BAD ... icky, incoherent thriller ...
FAIR It's cinematic S&M, a bondage-control game masquerading as a thriller.
FAIR If it was indeed Niall Heery's aim to transplant The Royal Tenenbaums to suburban Dublin, he's done an OK job - Nesbitt's even wearing Ben Stiller's tracksuit.
GOOD The story skirts tragedy on its leisurely passage from mishap to misadventure, but Gold remains the sort of picture you want to hug indulgently to a welcoming bosom.
BAD Worthy if ultimately disappointing.
FAIR Heery has an excellent cast, and he elicits some very funny performances... However, the slapstick and gags risk getting in the way of a story about love, loss and broken families.
FAIR There's a real warmth to this production, as Heery displays a real aptitude for combining a surrealistic wit, with compassion.
BAD Sadly, this Gold is anything but glittering.
BAD This bungled attempt at a Sundance-styled Irish indie comedy falls well short of even that modest mark.
FAIR On the strength of this and the upcoming The Falling, Williams is emerging as the most promising new talent to come out of Game of Thrones.
GOOD Brit comedy is more warm and quirky than kinky.
GOOD Kinky Boots stands out for 3 reasons: 1. It's inspired by a true story. 2. It's about what it really means to be a man AND the power of fabulousness. 3. It has the formidable Chiwetel Ejiofor in drag, singing!
FAIR ...never quite as tedious as one might've expected...
FAIR Kinky Boots is so loveable and its characters so charming, it may have you forgetting how much of it is firmly rooted in stereotype and cliche.
GOOD It's Ejiofor who takes the film from the realm of good into something verging on greatness.
FAIR ...If you've seen The Full Monty (or Waking Ned Devine or Calendar Girls or Billy Elliot) then this film's surprises will be few and far between, although no less pleasant for it.
GOOD You'll giggle and laugh and never look at those things on your feet the same way again.
BAD The betrayals, reconciliations and revelations are forced on us with clockwork precision, and no cliche goes unexplored.
BAD Another 'naughty' British comedy for audiences who love 'Are You Being Served?' but don't want to know whether Mr. Humphries is really supposed to be gay.
FAIR It's a predictable and preachy stab at a comedy with heart, and its subversive silliness is eclipsed by an overwrought humanity.
GOOD First-time director Julian Jarrold brings to Kinky Boots the dry humor and blue-collar insight that we expect from England's legendary Ealing Studios -- and that's high praise, indeed.
FAIR Though screenwriters Tim Firth and Geoffe Dean worked from fact, director Julian Jarrold makes everything feel much more contrived than fiction.
FAIR The brilliant Ejiofor (Dirty Pretty Things, Serenity) is fabulous as the outrageous Lola.
GOOD This is a sharp, smart and heart-warming film.
FAIR The only surprises come from Ejiofor, who invests Lola with more depth than his eye shadow and miniskirts would otherwise suggest.
FAIR Chiwetel Ejiofor dishes out another magnetic performance despite a storyline that wavers from innovative to obvious.
BAD Jarrold's film reportedly is based on fact, but that doesn't stop it from seeming pretty preposterous.
FAIR There's no denying that some audience members are likely to find this predictable silliness amusing. And the cast certainly seems to be buying into it.
FAIR Ejiofor's unbridled confidence sells the character and makes the movie.
FAIR Ejiofor sure can sashay and belt out a show-stopping number, but Kinky Boots is too busy putting on its heels to kick 'em off and boogie.
FAIR It's the acting of an earnest and capable cast that overcomes a weak screenplay with irresistible charm and surprising poignancy.
FAIR Rich in spunk, humor, dignity, subtle emotions when needed, and dressed to kill when belting songs like "I Want to Be Evil" in a meaty, gal-guy voice, Ejiofor amps and vamps the contrivances appealingly.
FAIR Don't let the title toss you. The accent on this charmer about a shoe-factory owner who finds a muse of economic recovery in a drag queen rests on the boots more than the kinks.
FAIR Kinky Boots sounds like some kind of fetish fantasy, but it's actually a good-natured and rather sweet British comedy that charmingly touches on issues of manhood and friendship.
FAIR The story's beats and developments are a little too familiar, though quirky wit and a genuine warmth make getting from one to the next a pleasure.
FAIR The movie is a bit of all right, as they say down at the Nob & Gobbler.
FAIR Gradually, boots and transvestite jokes become window dressing for a more touching story about the bond between Lola/Simon, a disowned son, and Charlie.
FAIR It's all fairly predictable, but it's pleasant.
FAIR [Ejiofor] gives us the real kinky; everything else here is just an assembly-line boot.
FAIR Lola, at least the way Ejiofor plays her, has a sad story she's eager to tell. The movie never entirely figures out what to do with this.
FAIR Doesn't pack any big surprises, but does leave you with a smile on your face.
BAD It would be nice to be able to report that Kinky Boots is a kick in the pants. But this conventional, manipulative British import feels like a re-soled pair of shoes that unquestionably have seen their day.
BAD If your kids play soccer, they may appreciate this tall tale of Santi's rise from obscurity to shin-padded glory, but once you pop in the DVD, chances are you won't want to stick around.
FAIR Despite the predictable, cliche-riddled script, the soap-opera hokum that passes for drama, Goal II somehow works.
BAD Bullet time, pixellation, flashy graphics, slow-motion-sweat, all wrapped around a rather flimsy story about the kid from the barrio dealing with paparazzi, millions of fans and a salary in the millions of Euros.
BAD Goal II clumsily telegraphs all of its moves far in advance.
BAD Intriguing to watch and well-played by the engaging cast.
BAD I won't tell you the result, but I will say that Arsene Wenger would be wise to avoid Goal 2 in case he suffers from terminal apoplexy.
FAIR Next stop the World Cup . . . can't wait.
BAD Not quite the guilty pleasure the first movie was, Goal! 2 can't quite stick it in the back of the net, pull off the double etc, etc...
BAD One long, product-placing, non-speaking-cameo-packed infomercial.
BAD It's a game of two halves, and both of them suck in a flat-footed follow-up that doesn't bode well for the inevitable Goal! 3.
BAD Ultimately, this is relegation fodder from start to finish.
FAIR Cliched but nonetheless enjoyable - if you liked the first film, you won't be disappointed by the second one. Unless you're an Arsenal fan.
FAIR Filmically it's more of a pleasantly diverting kick about in the park than a 90th minute back-of-the-net at the world cup final.
BAD potentially intriguing story and set of characters are buried under the mountain of abysmal acting
BAD Sarah Wynter doesn't quite have the chops, Bruce Beresford doesn't quite have the heart, and the audience probably doesn't have anywhere near the level of interest.
GOOD Never successfully answers what Alma Schindler had that drew composer Gustav Mahler, architect Walter Gropius, writer Franz Werfel, and painter Oskar Kokoschka to her.
BAD Beresford and his screenwriter, Marilyn Levy, have a wealth of compelling material at their disposal. But somehow the film doesn't quite cohere.
BAD If this movie is any evidence of Alma's true persona, I'd contend that the miserable gal never deserved her own bio-pic in the first place.
BAD An often silly and oddly tepid biopic from director Bruce Beresford.
BAD As in most film biographies, we suffer from lack of understanding of the motivating forces behind the events of the person's life.
FAIR It's just another attractive costume drama, with a few sexy scenes thrown in for spice, and a classical music setting that qualifies this as another difficult-to-market artsy film.
BAD Wynter's portrayal is flat and unconvincing.
BAD [Wynter's] performance is dull and expressionless, giving no clue what so many great artists found so fascinating.
BAD Levy's bloodless screenplay runs dutifully through Alma's life as though ticking off the points against a checklist.
BAD I felt there was so much more there that could have been told, more struggles that should have been shown.
BAD The script provides a barrage of consistently ludicrously banal and pretentious verbiage.
BAD One of the worst biopics I have ever seen, a leaden march through a chronology of Alma's affairs.
BAD Very pretty visuals, faint soapy story-telling.
BAD Even though the performers do their utmost to live in the skin of their characters, they're too suffocated to be believable.
BAD For all its sobriety, it adds very little new to the record, and it takes few speculative chances.
FAIR Holds one's interest, thanks largely to the captivating beauty and brains of Wynter.
BAD ..stumbles under the burden of two-hours of focused, exaggerated emotion...
FAIR No sera una gran pelicula, pero es un raro ejemplar en estos dias cuyo hallazgo produce un placer inusual. Gerard Depardieu ofrece una actuacion conmovedora.
FAIR There's no reason this cliche-ridden French drama should work, but it does, and there's the beauty of it.
FAIR Casadesus - at 97, a French national treasure who has been wowing stage and screen audiences since the 1930s - tenderly manages to make great literature sound like conversation, and vice versa.
FAIR [Depardieu] is as emblematic of his country as Tom Hanks is of ours, and "My Afternoons With Margueritte" is his "Forrest Gump." Only better.
FAIR Only the good aspects of traditional village culture concern writer-director Jean Becker, who aims for charm rather than profundity, and hits the bull's-eye with this leisurely film.
FAIR It's a lovely French character study.
FAIR The happy ending lays it on too thick, but what the hell: In for a dime, in for a dollar.
BAD A predictable, undernourished love story.
FAIR It's a lovely movie.
FAIR Subtly sweet and compassionate, appealing to art-house filmgoers of a certain age.
FAIR It's determined to look on the bright side. The film isn't about the actor's intelligence. It's about his emotional radiance.
GOOD The film is leisurely paced, as many French films are, and not much actually happens, but as a character study, it feels true, and ultimately moving.
FAIR Though mostly sunny, Afternoons has its chills.
FAIR By the time the film ends, you'll honestly believe you've just spent a languid afternoon in a lovely coastal village, and with excellent company.
FAIR The story is sentimental and slight, but the chemistry between Depardieu and Casadesus makes up for any faults.
GOOD This little gem is all about the nature of chance encounters and how they can change us in unexpected ways.
BAD It rarely rises above the pedestrian.
GOOD A tender and touching love story in a small French town where two unlikely people connect in an appealing and magical way.
FAIR An affable reminder that the French are just as capable of making cornball cinema as any Hollywood studio.
BAD This sentimental tale of a barely literate man's awakening at the hands of an elderly bibliophile is generally as painless as it is hackneyed.
FAIR It's got a fable-like, fairytale ambience that's just this side of corny, but that kind of hope is very seductive.
FAIR A disarming film with a pair of deftly judged performances at its centre, Jean Becker's My Afternoons With Margueritte risks sentimentality, but maintains a sense of lightness that is its saving grace.
BAD Perfectly pleasant, if mildly underwhelming French feel-gooder.
GOOD The danger is that it becomes sentimental, but there is a difference between sentiment imposed and sentiment earned. The film has only the latter.
FAIR An unlikely friendship is the heartbeat to this undeniably sweet French drama My Afternoons with Margueritte.
GOOD Leaves the sugar at home but still provides a sweetly simple experience.
FAIR An entertaining piece of pure Frenchness which reminds us of the value of older people in a world where the potential for lifelong ''education, education, education'' exists everywhere all of the time.
FAIR Sweet-centred and unashamedly sentimental, My Afternoons With Margueritte is a warm and generous film.
GOOD Small but perfectly formed, this unassuming French comedy is smart, emotionally engaging and often very funny.
FAIR Depardieu and Casadesus make a sweet enough pair to ensure this is pleasantly diverting...
BAD A parochial French time-passer which waddles along amiably and then ends unforgivably.
BAD While it's never going to set the box office alight, it was a pleasure to watch this charmer from France.
BAD You really will need a sweet tooth for this one. Or rather, you will need a complete set of dentures made out of Mars Bars and Creme Eggs.
BAD A saccharine prose poem over the closing credits underlines the nausea.
FAIR Gisele Casadesus as the biddy and Depardieu as the lunkhead guide us towards their own unshowy truth.
GOOD No one dreams of the twilight transpiring in "Away From Her," but, in its words, it's not bad luck. It's just life. You can't beat life. A tenderly told tragedy about Alzheimer's Disease's erosive effects, Sarah Polley's film avoids movie-of-the-week sap.
GOOD Christie is brilliant as steely but brittle Fiona, a woman who knows her mind completely and yet, in the end, cannot hang on to it, while Pinsent eloquently portrays the gradual ebbing away of a partnership, as delicate and unstoppable as snow-melt.
FAIR Una bella historia de amor a merced de una enfermedad, filmada con delicadeza por Sarah Polley y sensiblemente interpretada por Julie Christie, Gordon Pinsent y Olympia Dukakis.
GOOD A beautifully acted, poignant film about a man who slowly loses his wife to Alzheimer's.
GOOD Memorable Alzheimer's drama OK for teens and up.
GOOD This is a really wrenching film, and all the better for it.
BAD There's not a genuine moment to be found in this film.
GOOD It's nice to see serious issues other than crime and drugs in the movies and even nicer to see a filmmaking talent like Sarah Polley blossoming.
GOOD Lovely and cold as a Nordic winter sky, Away From Her is a lacerating, tough movie that's sometimes hard to watch - and impossible to forget
GOOD A magnanimous and devastating directorial debut from the young Canadian actress Sarah Polley.
GOOD "Away From Her" is one of the great love stories of recent movies, striking because it takes place near the end of a love affair's long journey, rather than at the beginning as so many romances do.
GOOD At the heart of Sarah Polley's impressive directorial debut is that luminous iconic figure of the 1960s, Julie Christie.
GOOD This very personal film is a deeply affecting work from Sarah Polley, a good actress becoming an even better writer and director.
FAIR Away From Her offers a moving, thoughtful drama for adults who have felt abandoned by the movie industry.
GOOD Away From Her is a phantom of a movie whose beautiful flakes fall into the deep crevices of memory long after the seasons change.
GOOD With Away From Her, Christie, Pinsent and actress-turned-filmmaker Sarah Polley have crafted an intensely moving portrait of a marriage.
GOOD The deeply affecting situation is explored with lyrical artistry, touching drama and remarkable performances in Away From Her, the impressive directorial debut of Canadian actor Sarah Polley.
GOOD Beautifully written, from an Alice Munro short story, this movie directed by an actress rarely missteps, even when it bravely includes the dark humor inherent in this situation.
GOOD It is a compassionate portrait of Alzheimer's as an impenetrable cocoon of the unknowable, as seen through an emotionally eloquent prism.
GOOD Sarah Polley gives us one of the year's best films.
GOOD Even if the rest of the film was a complete dog, ,i>Away From Her would be worthwhile simply because it gives Julie Christie so much screen time.
GOOD The whole film grows on you. Polley's trademark as an actress is that she gives nothing away at first; you have to watch an entire movie to know everything she's thinking and feeling. Away From Her unfolds with that kind of restraint.
GOOD The revelation is Pinsent..., who has the tougher acting job - to react to Christie's performance and carry the plot as well - and delivers beautifully.
GOOD Spare and poignantly bittersweet, Sarah Polley's wrenching romantic drama ... delves into the painful effects of Alzheimer's disease.
GOOD A profound and poignant requiem for our preferred human conditions.
GOOD Probes those two impossible and sometimes incompatible organs -- the human heart and the human brain -- with a scientist's curiosity and a poet's empathy.
GOOD The delicate and dignified way that director Sarah Polley treats Munro's story is worthy of high praise.
GOOD Portrays the ravages of [Alzheimer's] with clear-eyed honesty, tracking not only the effects on its victims but also on the caretakers who provide support even as their loved ones are fading away right before their eyes.
GOOD "Away From Her" is at once one of the most romantic love stories and most frightening horror films I've ever seen.
GOOD Indelible and uncompromising, this powerful drama about the grace and the cruelty of aging is a sensitive testament to emotional endurance.
FAIR Julie Christie is as lovely as ever, and this may be a bit of a snag, as she doesn't really look old enough for the part.
GOOD Burton's modern fairytale has an almost palpably personal feel: it is told gently, subtly and with infinite sympathy for an outsider who charms the locals but then inadvertently arouses their baser instincts.
GOOD ...perhaps the cinema's most enchanting parable about the misunderstood and alienated artist.
GOOD Fine performances all around, particularly from Depp and the immensely sympathetic Wiest.
GOOD Visually, stylistically and emotionally stunning.
GOOD [Burton and Depp] seem to bring out the best in each other.
FAIR Burton's movies are fairytales for retarding evolution.
GOOD His gothic tones always mask a feeling of wonder and an endearing love for everything that is possible in life and death
FAIR Burton's sweet Gothic fairy tale has lost none of its charm.
GOOD Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in magical collaboration.
FAIR Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.
GOOD Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.
GOOD A modern fairy tale about a deformed outsider whose innocence and gentle nature make him a freak in the eyes of the community he visits.
FAIR A poetic outing by Burton with Depp offering one of his initial outsider performances. Still fun to watch.
FAIR Mr. Burton invests awe-inspiring ingenuity into the process of reinventing something very small.
FAIR Especially rewarding for those who would like to see something different in a film.
GOOD Tim Burton's finest achievement. It has an emotional wallop to go with his visual wizardry.
GOOD Probably Tim Burton's best film. Certainly his most moving.
GOOD A film you can't help but love...
FAIR Burton has a good central premise working here, but he never really grabs us...
BAD Burton has not yet found the storytelling and character-building strength to go along with his pictorial flair.
GOOD One of my favorite films ... and one that touches me deeply.
FAIR Johnny Depp is excellent as the Chaplinesque title character and the support cast is good too.
GOOD An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.
FAIR Serbian cinematographer Vladimir Subotic's photography transforms New York's outlying neighborhoods and anonymous streets into a weather-beaten dreamscape suffused with mystery, danger and the hope of heaven.
FAIR The story unfolds in nonlinear fashion, with the same events being shown several times, from different perspectives. The concept works especially well with the murder spree that sets up the movie.
FAIR Cool, mysterious and defiantly foreign, the mournful thriller Love plays out on the immigrant fringes of an indifferent New York City.
GOOD "Moonlight Mile" is about livable compromises and the doubt and panic that linger once life's plans scatter and persist even as they settle again. Moreover, it's about the hardship of survivors honoring someone from whom they're best off moving on.
FAIR At the very least an emotionally honest film, but it would have been far more affecting if it felt more true to life.
FAIR Its original look at loyalty and loss subsides into a forgettable love story, leading it out of the darkness and straight into schmaltzville.
FAIR Moonlight Mile is, at the very least, an emotionally honest film, but it would have been far more affecting if it felt more true to life.
BAD Excessivamente ansioso para provocar as lagrimas do espectador, o roteiro torna-se superficial e maniqueista, transformando o sofrimento de seus personagens em verdadeira tortura para o publico.
FAIR Has an emotional resonance above what we've come to expect/dread from big name Hollywood movies.
FAIR In addition to the strong performances, the script is teeming with lovely, knowing moments, and the camera moves artfully.
FAIR There's no hint of giant bunnies or falling airline engines; just good solid family drama. .
BAD Well-acted by its impressive cast, but ultimately very slow to the point of being boring and unengaging -- still, it's a treat to see Hoffman onscreen again.
GOOD An honestly intimate and genuinely funny account of bereavement.
FAIR It's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon, Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter, yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb.
FAIR I believe Silberling had the best intentions here, but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them.
FAIR [Silberling] mostly succeeded in crafting an off-beat, uncomfortable (but in all the right ways), and genuinely funny and moving story out of this Movie of the Week material.
FAIR 'Moonlight Mile' is a gentle film about loss.
GOOD Grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes. So is Moonlight Mile.
BAD The movie is like a series of vague cliff notes, teasing a much greater story without actually capturing emotion or perspective.
GOOD Writer-director Brad Silberling has fashioned a life-affirming stew, combining all the grief, humor, regrets, redirected hopes and misguided plans that accompany the loss of a loved one. And nary a drop of schmaltz bubbles up.
GOOD What drives the movie is its abundance of fine acting.
BAD The whole film is like the title: it sounds as poetic as all get out but doesn't really say anything.
FAIR This is a movie about grief and how the loss of a close one can be a near drowning in a limitless sea of emotional paralysis.
BAD both quirky and very serious, and it seems mired in its inability to decide exactly what it is
GOOD ...captures suffering with the sort of unsentimental clarity that only comes from experience.
GOOD Moonlight Mile isn't a film about death but about life -- and how death is a part of life. A lot of movies try to be life-affirming; Moonlight Mile actually achieves that end.
GOOD Some may find it overly sentimental, but I fell for it hook, line and sinker. A sweet thing indeed.
FAIR Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of...emotional recovery.
GOOD 'Easily my choice for one of the year's best films.'
GOOD Brings an unmistakable accuracy to its every moment that most films dealing with bereavement fall short of...Easily one of the most rewarding film experiences of the year.
FAIR Three very good performances lend the necessary weight to writer/director Brad Silberling's imperfect script to allow Moonlight Mile come out ahead.
GOOD a subtle, understated study of a complex individual.
FAIR Visualmente insosso (o jogo entre P&B e cor parece apenas querer chamar a atencao), o filme empalidece tematicamente diante de Kinsey e nao retrata Page de maneira particularmente interessante, apesar da otima performance de Mol.
FAIR Refreshingly, Mol doesn't play Page as a dumb bunny but as someone who discovered that narrow middle ground between sweetness and sexiness.
GOOD Watching Mol in action in the title role, it's impossible to imagine anyone else in the part.
FAIR A small, strangely sweet tale well told. But this is all about Mol, who puts in a performance that gives her a very early lead on next year's Oscar race.
FAIR Mary Harron's Bettie Page biopic is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by Gretchen Mol, but it's also frustratingly vague and never gets beneath the surface.
BAD Harron is not judgemental in her approach, which allows Bettie's sweet nature to shine through. However, there's a nagging dissatisfaction that comes from being too detached from her subject.
BAD Turns out to be a movie with little to remember despite the precise craft and efforts of its creators. It's as if they worked hard for nothing.
FAIR ...reminds us that there was a time when a smiling woman in a jungle-striped bikini frolicking with tigers was more threatening to some folks than an imminent communist threat.
GOOD ...there is a whiff of embalming fluid about the production ; too much of it seems like an incredible re-creation of the lost and gone forever.
BAD In Mary Harron's film biography of the nude and naughty pin-up girl, Notorious is synonymous with 'joyless.'
FAIR Shots of the later-in-life Bettie dressing for a day of street evangelizing remind us that standard woman's fashions can be as binding as Irving Klaw's getups.
FAIR It's sort of baffling that The Notorious Bettie Page turns out to be almost boring -- especially when you consider the talent involved.
GOOD The movie is lightheartedly thoughtful.
FAIR We exit with too clear a sense of the filmmakers' flaws, but Mol's nuanced character triumphs and can firmly situate itself in the milieu of Bettie Page.
FAIR A cardboard portrayal that acknowledges Page's reputed braininess, yet argues that she didn't understand the implications of her sultry photographs.
FAIR We can't always be sure what's archival and what's simulated because sometimes the filmmakers are trying to fool us. But their preoccupation with the manufacture of images keeps this exercise in exposure and concealment interesting.
FAIR ... a splendid visual treat ...
BAD Disappointingly skin-deep and almost shockingly wholesome.
GOOD Mol's guile-free performance captures what seems to be the essence of Bettie Page, that of a woman who could turn dirty pictures into good clean fun.
FAIR About a time when taking off one's clothes for a camera was notorious. We can't go back there, but this is an enjoyable, uncritical visit.
BAD The film is a superficial biographical drama that reveals next to nothing new about its subject.
BAD It isn't a bad film, but it isn't a good film, either. Basically, it's a movie that doesn't have a good reason for having been made.
FAIR Harron should have stuck with black and white and filled in her story with more shades of gray.
FAIR It's a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest.
FAIR The character's lack of dimension rarely hampers the frisky retro fun.
FAIR This listless biopic of the famed 1950s model is as timid and tame as her photos seem today.
FAIR ... it doesn't bring us any closer to understanding Page's life, or the origins of the multi-billion dollar porn industry.
FAIR To attempt to re-create this is a bit of a folly, but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness, and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility, that makes it of interest.
FAIR An enjoyable lil' flick....plenty of spirited performances
FAIR an enjoyably stylish entry in the French crime film tradition, but a decidedly minor one
FAIR Delon's inscrutable presence adds to an unnerving atmosphere of anticipation. You feel that something bad could come crashing into the frame at any second. And you would be right.
GOOD A major work from a highly influential director -- Walter Hill and John Woo have both taken a lesson or two -- yet one whose films have been, until now, inexplicably neglected in the U.S.
GOOD Achieves an atmosphere of mesmerizing, otherworldly beauty and grace.
GOOD Making films this good wasn't a principle for Melville, it was a habit.
GOOD [Melville's] style remains haunting and elegantly spare, just right for the kind of hit man who lives in silence, in bare and colorless surroundings, with a lonely caged bird.
GOOD Even if its influence on contemporary filmmakers weren't so striking and acknowledged, Le Samourai would stand well enough on its own merits, strongly suggesting that some of the greatest films of the future may well come from the past.
GOOD One of the better examples of genre cinema.
FAIR Le samourai expresses a kind of loneliness to be sure, but it's that of a teenage male dreaming about Hollywood movies and their accoutrements -- penthouse apartments, acerbic cops, melancholy city streets, smoky card games, fancy jazz nightclubs.
GOOD One of the pleasures of Le Samourai is to realize how complicated the plot has grown, in its flat, deadpan way.
GOOD Fedoras and trench coats. Film noir in cool blues and greens. Frenchman Jean-Pierre Melville's 1967 film Le Samourai is the real deal.
GOOD Alain Delon, who was attacked by some narrow-minded reviewers in his day for being stiff, is perfectly cast here, displaying a cool, calm demeanor at first, then an equally calm desperation as the chase gets more intense.
FAIR To each his own. Filmmakers as diverse as Quentin Tarantino and Paul Schrader were influenced by Melville, and Hong Kong action director John Woo calls the film 'the closest to a perfect movie that I have ever seen.'
GOOD It combines stylish direction, an intelligent script, first-rate performances, and overpowering atmosphere into one of the most tense and absorbing thrillers ever to reach the screen.
FAIR A heartfelt, creditable picture.
GOOD The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect.
GOOD A really well-made film.
GOOD The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet.
FAIR [Features] three of the best performances of 2005.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer.
GOOD With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love.
GOOD Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke.
GOOD Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director.
GOOD Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout.
FAIR Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids.
GOOD This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before.
GOOD Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch.
BAD This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates.
GOOD A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another.
GOOD Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true.
GOOD what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time
GOOD To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee.
GOOD Performances throughout are superb.
GOOD Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed
GOOD There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list.
GOOD The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual.
BAD On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film.
GOOD A thoughtful and harrowing drama about the lengths people will go to survive - and the changes of heart that one person undergoes to help them.
FAIR Films like this are musicals for people who enjoy gunfire and Mel Gibson being shouty. They're that satisfyingly heightened version of reality no one actually gets to experience.
GOOD Adapted from the landmark BBC mini-series by original director Martin Campbell, Edge of Darkness is a polished piece of political suspense masquerading as a crime drama and pulling off both rather successfully.
BAD The attempt at grittiness comes off soft.
BAD Monahan mistakes rambling exposition for captivating back-and-forth and Campbell doesn't help any by making the film as drab and turgidly paced as possible.
FAIR Mel Gibson returns with one of his finest performances in the gripping yet patchy thriller, Edge of Darkness.
GOOD Gibson brings his full tormented game: whatever's wrong with the movie, it isn't him.
FAIR The whole fails to really satisfy as either an action or mystery thriller.
FAIR As expertly headlined by Mel Gibson...Edge of Darkness makes a virtue of its fatalism, while ace mainstream director Martin Campbell compensates well for the script's shortcomings in the credibility department. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Standard rogue copseeks-revenge story is more entertaining than most thanks to Mel Gibson's seething (and likely self-referential) turn as police detective Thomas Craven, who'll stop at nothing to bring down the corporate meanies who did in his daughter.
GOOD For all his silly charm, undiminished by his off-screen controversies, Gibson is most fascinating when wrestling with his demons.
FAIR While it offers nothing particularly new or original, it does maintain one's interest and provides a welcome return to the screen of a fine actor.
FAIR With the lack of energy infused in the film, it's hard to get truly embroiled in the conspiracy but that doesn't mean Edge Of Darkness is a complete failure.
FAIR It's certainly a worthy attempt at resurrecting the genre, but with guys like Martin Campbell and William Monahan pulling the strings, Edge of Darkness should have been a whole lot better.
FAIR Edge of Darkness is at its core a story about a man grieving from an inconsolable loss. This doesn't ground just the film, it grounds Gibson's performance, which is among the best in his career. Possibly the best.
BAD All attempts at profundity are silenced by the deafening anger at the movie's core. And the deeper the film delves into its layered plot, the more ludicrous it becomes.
BAD Relativno pristojan akcijski triler koji ipak daje dobre razloge Hollywoodu da vi%u0161e ne skrnavi filmske i televizijske klasike
FAIR Though Ray Winstone does his best to elevate this story, in the end Edge of Darkness is a fairly basic Mel beats up the bad guys flick
FAIR The movie, directed by Martin Campbell, is solid entertainment, with a decent script and some choice dialogue.
BAD While the film is generally boring and by-the-numbers for the majority of its running time, it adds enough surprising twists to make itself worthwhile.
FAIR It doesn't exactly herald the return of Mel Gibson, movie star, but Mel Gibson, working actor %u2014 that title fits.
BAD ...a passable yet wholly underwhelming piece of work...
FAIR It's a Mel Gibson film. You take him as he comes, which is usually at full pelt.
BAD Edge of Darkness is a surprisingly well-done thriller. Unfortunately, after an hour and a half of substantial filmmaking, it collapses into a Lethal Weapon #6 climax. But the bulk of the film is worthy.
GOOD Even though Gibson gives a fine performance, this film succeeds because of Director Martin Campbell, who keeps the pace up and the tension rising.
BAD A Death Wish movie that's bamboozled itself into thinking it's somehow important.
FAIR Gibson does righteous anger better than just about any living actor, and Edge of Darkness thrives best when he's pushed to the limit
BAD A new genre is emerging in which aging A-list actors play fathers off on a rampage to rescue their daughters or avenge their deaths.
BAD What's really disturbing is the manner in which the violence is presented. It's not campy fun and it's not realistic for a reason...It wants you to cheer along: Enjoy the bloodlust!
BAD I hope the miniseries lives up to its reputation, because the film version is a dud, devoid of any tension, suspense or good storytelling.
BAD For the third act it loses all credibility and suspense by derailing into a messy and pulpy mash-up of Dr. No and Death Wish.
FAIR Solid, hard-hitting and tense, "Edge of Darkness" is a drama for grownups who enjoy thrillers.
FAIR This movie marks the return of "Mad Mel" and he is in rare form. He dominates the film by being believably bereaved and vengeful
FAIR An uneven, somewhat meandering thriller is given emotional pull by Mel Gibson's excellent comeback performance. The lethal weapon hasn't lost it.
BAD Scriptwriters William Monahan and Andrew Bovell have sadly sacrificed some of the original's cultural specificity and its slow-burn quality.
BAD Passable action thriller crafted solidly but unimaginatively, with a penchant for ridiculous tough-boy banter.
BAD This paranoid corporate political thriller is almost certain to disappoint anyone hoping for a repeat of the brooding suspense of the original.
GOOD A pleasant, somewhat underrated chase movie.
FAIR Beatty and Hawn carry this fun little heist/comedy picture for the first hour, but then the whole affair gets a little tiring.
FAIR Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn are weirdly interesting together.
FAIR One of Seagal's better actioners...entertaining
BAD Even Seagal's "best" movie is unwatchably bad.
GOOD Probably the best Cheech & Chong movie -- the boys show some variety, someone besides Chong directed it, and there's strangely almost no drug humor.
BAD They certainly don't make them like this anymore.
GOOD Very accessible, jubilant Shakespeare with brief bawdiness.
GOOD Branagh's highly entertaining and accessible take on one of the Bard's zestiest comedies. [Blu-ray]
FAIR A joyous romp whose forced jollity is only occasionally wearing.
FAIR Although Kenneth Branagh's interpretation does much to make Shakespeare's play comprehensible, it ultimately fails to create any kind of enduring watchability.
GOOD A lively and colorful adaptation of Shakespeare's play; Thompson and Branagh are especially fun to watch.
FAIR This film is going to entertain even those viewers who care little about Shakespeare and care about his comedies even less.
GOOD Unevenly cast but ebulliently filmed, the film is a treasure for the Branagh-Thompson scenes alone.
GOOD A lot of fun! Branagh does excellent bringing Shakespeare's comedy to life.
GOOD Wonderful rendering of Shakespeare's comedy. Branagh and Thompson shine. Wish I could say the same for Keanu.
FAIR A fun adaptation of Shakespeare that only suffers from some unfortunate casting, especially with Keaton and Keanu.
GOOD Both perfectly classic and remarkably fresh.
FAIR All-star laughs, romance and hijinks!
GOOD Branagh once again proves he can out-Shakespeare even the Bard himself.
FAIR The key to the film's success is in the acting, especially in the sparks that fly between Branagh and Thompson.
FAIR The movie is uneven, but the range is from good to outstanding.
GOOD Kenneth Branagh's return to Shakespeare captures the Bard's captivating comic romance at the peak of flavor.
FAIR A lusty, vigorous, sun-drenched romp in which two parallel love affairs intertwine with comedic and dramatic results.
GOOD This film cements Branagh's status as a great director of Shakespeare, and perhaps of film in general, as well.
BAD Stinky brat pack crap.
BAD Demi, this is why I don't miss you.
BAD Pretty funny, but I don't think that was the idea.
BAD Lacklustre chiller
GOOD A movie to which director and co-writer Nora Ephron brought her terrific flair, wit and nous, although she propagates the terrifying fallacy that a widower makes a wonderful romantic catch.
GOOD A fairy tale that even teens can enjoy.
FAIR A romantic treat.
BAD So overrated.
GOOD Sure it's contrived, but what a great romantic weeper.
BAD Seems too precalculated to be charming and magical, and consequently ends up being overly cute.
FAIR Better than you might expect, but it
GOOD Predictable, manipulative, and completely satisfying.
GOOD One of the finest of all Hollywood romantic comedies.
BAD Contrived
FAIR Nora Ephron's Sleepless in Seattle is a feather-light romantic comedy about two lovers who meet for the first time in the last reel. It's a stunt, but it's a stunt that works far more effectively than anybody in his right mind has reason to expect.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is done with the panache that Hollywood used to do romantic comedies, but seldom does anymore.
FAIR Cute, syrupy, but won't give you a rash.
GOOD This is essentially a romance involving two people on different coasts, but Hanks and Ryan and Director Ephron's screenplay make it work, along with some very nice supporting performances.
GOOD It's the kind of movie that reaches your emotional core and your dreams and make you feel alive by showing you how good life can be despite the little setbacks.
GOOD Overrated but still cute love story.
GOOD Meg and Tom are the perfect couple for this movie.
GOOD Ryan and Hanks, even apart, have the chemistry to make a very agreeable entertainment.
BAD Sleepless in Seattle is hopelessly romantic.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is as ephemeral as a talk show, as contrived as the late show, and yet so warm and gentle I smiled the whole way through.
GOOD Not one of the cleverer rom-coms of this ilk... but sweet and touching nevertheless and Tom Hanks is always watchable.
FAIR While the plot is sentimental and a little sticky, the dialogue is a lot of fun and often very witty and insightful.
BAD Nora Ephron botched Sleepless in Seattle, a hollow, boring romance that should appeal only to the most gullible of viewers; the ones willing to buy into Ephron's whiny views of life and romance.
FAIR This is a dreamy, romantic fantasy whose mood falls somewhere between magic and reality.
BAD The film is sloppy and ill-formed, its tone lurching drunkenly from turgid soap opera to soft-core porn, descending at times to low camp.
FAIR I needed stronger and more balanced characters to really care what happened.
GOOD Whatever you think of Spike Lee, when he has the faith in his talent and material and is able to be political without the dogma, he's one of the best filmmakers to come out of America in the 1980's.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Spike Lee's most ambitious movie, is joltingly inspired at times. It's also offensively redundant and needs editing.
FAIR The cast sizzles.
GOOD An intelligent, compassionate, adult story told to thrilling, fearsome effect.
FAIR Both beguiling and confounding, an enigmatic blend of banality and brilliance that ultimately manages to overcome its myriad shortcomings through nothing but the sheer force of Lee's visionary direction.
FAIR The disappointment with Summer of Sam is not that it's exploitative; it's just difficult to figure out what it's supposed to be about.
BAD Everything that is good about Summer of Sam is also bad because Lee pushes every good impulse he has into overdrive.
BAD Lee is a powerful filmmaker who certainly knows how to have an impact on an audience, but those who survive his ministrations are likely to wonder if in this case the battle was worth the bruises.
FAIR Spike Lee's latest joint, like much of his recent work, is an epic exercise in tedium.
BAD Overstuffed!
BAD Summer of Sam scatters most of its force by straying far from the compelling, plenty-complex business at hand.
BAD Someone kick that soapbox out from under Spike already.
GOOD Spike Lee is a great director. He is one of the best when it comes to pulling great performances from a large cast, and when it comes to creating a real, palpable impression of a moment.
FAIR t's loud, long and interesting, yet it also feels cold and distant.
BAD Don't say you weren't warned.
BAD Lumbers like a Cadillac with a flat tire stuck in first gear.
FAIR This is only [King's] first feature, and if he can take a few more narrative risks without giving up his subtle style, he may become that rare director who can tackle spiritual issues without (literally) preaching to the choir.
GOOD Robert Flaherty's craftsmanship shows in one of his best Hollywood features.
FAIR Although it has not aged well, there is still a great deal of merit to the story, the style and the stars, and any young person cannot fail to love it.
FAIR The film moves leisurely, but with rare charm and visual interest.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
BAD ...apes much of what made Pulp Fiction such a big hit, without bothering to add in any original ideas.
FAIR A straight-up romance that does a nice job of capturing the period, though the three lives of the main female characters stand out as obvious "types."
BAD The movie plods along at a lethargic pace, with occasional flashes of energy in the performances the only things keeping it afloat.
FAIR Director Ben Sombogaart doles out surprise revelations steeped in irony with a multi-layered approach. The movie is sad, hopeful and uplifting. Strengths include the gorgeous cinematography, meticulous art direction capturing the look of the...
FAIR This very pretty melodrama is a rather ordinary entry.
FAIR The events in the plot are the stuff of soap opera, but the movie treats it seriously, and the acting is convincing enough that we forgive the story and begin to care about the characters.
FAIR Lovely scenery and historical context elevate the sentimental story lines above the soap opera domain.
FAIR A tearjerking romance that belongs to another era, when female moviegoers wanted to be transported, not grounded in grim realities.
FAIR For anyone who shrugs at today's movies and thinks "they don't make 'em like they used to," here's a classy, good-looking chick flick in the old-school tradition.
BAD I find it hard to believe there will be a worse movie performance this year than the one Elise Schaap inflicts on us in the Dutch "Bride Flight."
BAD "Bride Flight'' is the sort of old-fashioned women's picture they stopped making around the time Christina Crawford had to put away the wire hangers.
FAIR One should never discount the appeal of pretty people in pretty places.
FAIR It does everything but hand viewers a glass of white wine, light candles and draw them a bath.
FAIR A nostalgic glimpse into tangled destinies.
BAD A hackneyed, overlong soap opera with decent performances, a seemingly interesting premise and beautiful scenery, but neither of those can compensate for its contrived, unmoving and often pedestrian screenplay.
FAIR [M]odern version of Westward the Women . . .offers American moviegoers an entertaining, yet classy, [romantic] vacation trip through time and place.
GOOD What's truly moving here are the characters, who all feel real enough to make you want to shout an occasional warning, like a fan in a horror movie. Except this time it's not "Don't go in the basement!" but "Don't marry him!"
FAIR Sombogaart approaches his soapy subject with just enough restraint. As a result, you can convince yourself it's a highbrow arthouse film even as you're swooning and sniffling over so many tangled love stories.
FAIR The kind of lush, epic romantic weepie that Hollywood used to deliver on a regular basis for packed matinees at Radio City Music Hall.
FAIR The weepy story at the heart of "Bride Flight" is trumped by its sumptuous depiction of New Zealand in the 1950s and '60s. This lushness has the effect of a powerful fabric softener added to the wash.
GOOD Bride Flight gives a panoramic sweep of lives as they're lived, as there is a lot of beauty in it.
GOOD A fluid and well-acted Dutch film about the adventures of three women and their quest for happiness in the exotic new world of New Zealand.
FAIR Bride Flight is the most lavishly entertaining Dutch film since Paul Verhoeven's fabulous The Black Book.
FAIR A sometimes silly but enjoyable experience.
BAD While each of the three women are given their particular dilemmas, none are sufficiently fleshed out beyond the demands of the story's limited situations.
FAIR Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
BAD J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
BAD Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
FAIR Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
FAIR Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
BAD Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
BAD Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
BAD I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
BAD Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
FAIR It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
FAIR ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
FAIR Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
FAIR Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
BAD Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
FAIR There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
FAIR ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
FAIR Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
FAIR Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
BAD Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
BAD A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
BAD Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
BAD Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
BAD Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
GOOD There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
FAIR Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
FAIR There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
BAD the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
BAD Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
FAIR In the end, all of the pieces in Nine Lives fit together perfectly. If one story doesn't quite resonate for you, the next one likely will in this small but beautiful film.
FAIR Nine Lives had me tense, engaged, sometimes disgusted, sometimes moved, and always interested. Garcia is an ingenious and eloquent storyteller.
GOOD It's as if we're randomly eavesdropping on the private concerns of one particular neighborhood ... a neighborhood that sure has its fair share of heartache.
FAIR Nine Lives isn't a master work, but it's still a fascinating piece of filmmaking.
GOOD ...a remarkably powerful little film.
GOOD You won't find ensemble acting much better or writing more incisive than that in Nine Lives ...
FAIR Certain characters and their particular pains become so engrossing in their 10-minute bits that it's sad to see them go.
FAIR What saves Nine Lives is a first-rate cast, which includes Oscar-winning actresses Sissy Spacek and Holly Hunter.
BAD It's unclear why Garcia continues to choose to limit himself to these diluted portraits, rather than the layered and textured worlds that his writing and directing hint at.
BAD ... the first third of the film is marred by a tendency to be morbidly serious and overly dramatic.
GOOD ... not a film for everyone given its episodic nature but should prove worthwhile for the moviegoer in the mood for something a little different.
GOOD You keep waiting for the weak link in the chain, or the half-hearted performance, but they never ever come.
GOOD Nine Lives is an elegant film of quick, tour-de-force acting turns, a simple actor's gesture that tells you more than four pages of dialogue, a movie that demands concentration but that rewards the viewer willing to pay attention.
FAIR The performances are all superb despite the fact that the direction is haphazard and the super-16 film makes the whole thing look rather cheesy.
GOOD Each story is engaging, and a few are superb.
BAD These little stories (whose overlaps feel mostly like an afterthought) never really connect.
GOOD [Garcia] leaves you thinking deeply about these people. And leaves you wanting more.
FAIR Composed of nine short films, each starring some of the best female actors working, though many of them aren't working enough.
BAD This movie is so bad, two lives into Nine Lives, I started counting how many lives I had to watch until I could leave.
BAD What's the point? If I wanted to spend 12 minutes watching someone pushing a cart around a grocery store, I'd go to the local A&P, not sit in a movie theater.
GOOD A disturbingly frank look at people and relationships in contemporary Los Angeles and a thrilling dramatic showcase for a brilliant cast.
GOOD As delicately and precisely constructed as a spider's web, Nine Lives is a quiet triumph.
FAIR It feels like real life, in nine acts.
FAIR The degree of our interest may vary, but Garcia maintains a very assured control with his fine, entrenched cast.
FAIR The cast steps up, embracing the chance to exercise acting chops normally limited to live theater. Most do so resoundingly, but two stand out: Robin Wright Penn and Jason Isaacs.
FAIR Not all of Nine Lives clicks, but at its best it finds an inarticulate sisterly solace that makes you want to see what this director could do with one life per film.
FAIR The stories resonant with a certain realness, a few stand out as exceptionally powerful. The downside is just as you're really getting involved in one, they move to the next.
FAIR A long, long, trail a-winding, to be sure. But fans of PBS, history and a certain kind of old-fashioned moviemaking may fall in.
FAIR By modestly embracing its inherent minimalism and finding the emotions underlying even the most schematic of scenarios, the film taps into something unmistakably human.
FAIR Trench warfare as the backdrop for a tawdry love triangle about as incestuous as it gets.
BAD A cliche-ridden, thoroughly forgettable, at times just plain dull affair, with broad characterisations and musty plot turns that would seem embarrassing even on TV - where it ideally belongs.
FAIR The ending is dynamite and will shock children just as much as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
FAIR The filmmakers tell this World War I story beautifully, but they never quite bring it to life as a proper movie. By taking a gently simplistic approach, it never feels like anything new as it deals with the usual topics of battlefield camaraderie.
FAIR The performances are admirable and the intentions unimpeachable.
BAD Class conflict, broken hearts, self-sacrifice and the muddy, senseless folly of war are all lightly touched upon in a starchy, old-fashioned drama.
BAD The story is told with a flashback structure which was rather nimbler on the page than it is here, and much of the dialogue grants the characters uncanny powers of foresight.
GOOD Essentially conventional in his approach, director Pat O'Connor has delivered a mostly faithful and moving account of Morpurgo's fine book.
BAD It plods along with seemingly no concern for holding our interest.
BAD Private Peaceful is a cliched study of two brothers going to war: Rolf Harris's Two Little Boys, minus the music.
FAIR O'Connor shows his old-school expertise in the charming country childhood sequences, where the film feels most individual and alive.
FAIR Private Peaceful is a small-scale story in essence, which works efficiently on the non-epic scale in which it's presented.
FAIR Minor pacing gripes aside, this is a moving tale about humanity's darkest depths.
BAD The lacklustre landscapes are all of a wash with the watercolour performances and pallidly portentous tableaux of war and peace.
FAIR Pat O'Connor gives the story a sturdy if rather old-fashioned treatment.
FAIR With the feel of prestige telly, it's nicely done, sweet and moving.
BAD It's left to the leads to keep us engaged, a tall order given their film's old-fashioned, fusty feel.
FAIR Family drama pits tween boy against adult greed.
BAD ...rife with sequences that are either overlong or completely superfluous...
GOOD Fabulously cast and wickedly witty.
FAIR The CinemaScope process was well used here, with panoramic shots of Manhattan accompanied by Newman's entire orchestra performing his composition Street Scene in prolog and epilog shots.
GOOD Classic Hollywood legends sparkle; premise doesn't hold up.
BAD Despite some good work from Bacall and Monroe, this comedy ends up feeling flat. How many people want to watch a movie with a bunch of selfish women who want to find a rich husband so they don't ever have to work again? Yeah, I didn't think so.
FAIR a comedy about several models trying to land rich husbands, gets by on the talents of the stars,
GOOD Glossy, early widescreen all-star Fox comedy headlining Monroe, Grable, Bacall.
FAIR Nao envelheceu muito bem, mas continua relativamente divertido.
GOOD [A] delightful little comedy.
BAD I've never seen such a bad film so well made.
BAD An overwrought, improbable drama that's as frustrating as it is morbid.
BAD Proof that no black actor, regardless of acclaim or popularity, can ever truly transcend the Mythical Black Man motif. Milquetoast dweebishness robs Will Smith of his natural forcefulness, and "Seven Pounds" has easily the worst ending of the last decade.
BAD El ritmo de la cinta es algo lento en un inicio pero despues mejora, aunque hay que decirlo, se siente la mano manipuladora del director que parece haber estado mas concentrado en pensar si el publico se sentiria conmovido que en hacer un filme memorable.
GOOD Seven Pounds may be the most spiritual picture of the holiday season; this story of redemption is a gift for moviegoers.
FAIR The ending will divide viewers. Some will shed tears, others will be outraged. It's a bold artistic choice, but one of questionable morality.
BAD Takes immense pleasure in letting its audience in on nothing.
BAD Will Smith's previous film with director Gabriele Muccino, The Pursuit of Happyness, was a tale well told. Their new one is a gimmicky tale annoyingly told.
FAIR A clumsily melodramatic movie that tells us too much too soon and forces us to sit through endless morose vacuousness.
FAIR Mas alla de lo caprichoso de la historia, e incluso de lo fragmentario del relato -a lo 21 Gramos- es innegable la capacidad que exhibe Muccino para atrapar la atencion del espectador.
FAIR Not a bad tearjerker for the holiday season and as Smith's in it, it'll probably make a mint.
GOOD ...packs one hell of an emotional punch as it approaches its affecting and flat-out devastating conclusion.
FAIR Seven Pounds is an unexpected holiday powerhouse. Will Smith shakes off his familiar, comfortable persona, and cuts to the unsettled heart of humanity.
BAD A contrived, thrill-less thriller that's more concerned about its inane gimmicks than about keeping you truly riveted, engrossed or enlightened.
BAD A collage of strong scenes, dull bits, good filmmaking and a dissatisfying emotional payoff. A laudable attempt to tackle heavyweight subject-matter that ends up just being heavy weather.
BAD It's not what you'd call any good, but Claude Lelouch fans, say, might relish its grandiose romantic gestures in the face of all known logic.
BAD Seven Pounds can feel too heavy at times but Smith carries the film.
BAD Seven Pounds is a profoundly irritating mystery about a profoundly silly man.
BAD A supremely annoying film.
BAD This is a 24-carat wallow in weapons grade mawkishness.
FAIR Seven Pounds feels like having Love Story and Beaches burnt onto your retinas in the style of A Clockwork Orange. But hang on for the finale...
BAD The worst movie ever to star Will Smith, this is a morbid drama which is meant to reduce its audience to tears of empathy, but reduced me to groans and helpless laughter.
BAD Seven Pounds is Will trying to be weighty but unlike The Pursuit Of Happyness (also directed by Muccino) it doesn't work.
BAD Soppy romance and excruciating piety cling to the film like bindweed, summoning the ghost of sobfest Pay It Forward, with the divine parallels of self-sacrifice taken to extremes of righteous absurdity.
BAD mith's charisma holds the interest, even if this and his other recent movies (I Am Legend and Hancock) suggest the only thing bigger than his ears is his Messiah complex.
BAD Ill conceived, poorly written and badly directed drama, featuring a career worst performance from Will Smith.
BAD Will Smith is fast turning into the movie actor's Reader's Digest - an uplifting guide to healthy living and doing worthy things.
BAD There is indeed a secret, but it is not overly challenging to work out what's going on in this annoying film.
BAD Even by the standards of gotcha flicks, Seven Pounds seems especially somnolent and pretentious.
FAIR Although the story wobbles at times, Seven Pounds stays the course thanks to Muccino's skilled direction.
BAD The film's most abiding mystery lies in the question of why it ever got made.
FAIR Another note worthy Will Smith film and this one should not be missed out on.
FAIR The film's relentlessly somber tone becomes alienating. It's hard to care what the conclusion is if only more gloom awaits.
BAD As the convoluted structure finally reveals the actual plot, it brings with it the unmistakable whiff of a vanity project
FAIR ... the toll of self-imposed guilt and responsibility is a tangible thing... no more of a stretch than a man who ages backwards or a billionaire dressed like a giant bat.
BAD a diffuse and disjointed effort
BAD Para Ben Thomas e mais importante respeitar um tolo jogo dramatico do que realmente ajudar o proximo. E, para Will Smith, ganhar uma indicacao ao Oscar e se pintar como um Cristo moderno e motivacao suficiente para jogar sua reputacao no triturador.
BAD Will Smith has played an alcoholic superhero, a mystical caddie and a fighter pilot on a mission to save the planet from aliens, but Ben Thomas might just be the most unbelievable role of them all.
FAIR The film, while slow moving, is worth the wait for the emotional payoff.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never less than compelling, albeit in a queasy, troubling fashion. Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a dull watch, but it doesn't pack enough of an emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising. And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
BAD too little too late
FAIR [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
GOOD Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
FAIR Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
BAD spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
FAIR Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
GOOD ...an odd and benighted film.
FAIR Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
FAIR "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
BAD Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
FAIR Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
BAD The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
BAD What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
FAIR The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
BAD Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
BAD Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
FAIR a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
FAIR Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
BAD With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
BAD The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
BAD The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
BAD ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
FAIR Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
BAD Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
FAIR "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
BAD "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
BAD Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
FAIR Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
BAD Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
BAD Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
BAD Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
BAD Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
FAIR It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
FAIR Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
FAIR ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
BAD There are good action sequences but it has been ham-fistedly cut for UK distribution.
FAIR Yen again proves one of the few martial artists equally adept with subtler emotional beats.
FAIR Dragon roars.
GOOD Chan's film may be derivative of plenty of other films (most notably David Cronenberg's A History of Violence) but it manages to keep things fresh and exciting.
GOOD Full of blistering action sequences worthy of the Shaw Brothers legacy. A treat for martial arts fans.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan's frenetic, high-kicking thriller runs a full 20 minutes shorter than it did at Cannes in 2011 and feels all the better for it.
GOOD Dragon delivers a few swift kicks and a barrage of bone crunching punches to the standard expectations of a remake. Dragon is a stunning display of martial arts action, mesmerizing detective work, and engaging performances.
GOOD Gracefully acted, brilliantly shot, and effortlessly combining both character study and superb butt kicking, Wu Xia is an excellent post-modern subgenre gem.
FAIR "Dragon" has enough interesting left turns in style, mood and psychodrama to make it stand out.
FAIR The movie hurtles along at a pitch of sentiment and melodrama that would make MGM blush, and it's mostly very diverting.
BAD As a whole, it does not quite work, especially at the end, when Mr. Chan tries for a Shakespearean climax of filial rebellion and paternal rage.
BAD The large canvas and pseudo-superhero tactics work for a bit, but then the action gets sidetracked in place of myth-building.
FAIR What it lacks in plot development, it gains in sheer momentum and an outstanding performance.
FAIR Hi-ya!-accentuated kung fu smackdowns make everything better.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan and Deonnie Yen Chan are too resourceful to let things remain dull for long.
BAD An over indulgent and often confusing stab at film noir, The Black Dahlia leaves little to be desired as director Brian De Palma continues to prove that his best days are behind him.
BAD You've barely time to soak up one revelation before another one is dumped on you from a great height.
BAD Won't do much to dissuade the common rap against De Palma as a cold technician who takes projects just for the elaborate set pieces they provide him.
BAD With skeletons flying out of the closet at every turn, this overplotted mess unfolds more like a dumb, daytime soap opera than a well-crafted crime thriller.
BAD ... ends up being forgettable enough that someone else in the future may still be able to take another stab at the idea.
GOOD Filled with atmosphere and attitude to spare, "The Black Dahlia" is film noir at it's finest.
BAD De Palma ... does little more than retrace his steps ...
BAD De Palma's lamentable decision to reign in his wild directorial flourishes certainly doesn't do the film any favors...
FAIR After two hours of meandering, convoluted indulgences and loose ends, 'The Black Dahlia' reveals a kinder, gentler Brian De Palma. He should be a good guy to have around.
BAD An over cooked ham of a film, overstuffed with vampish performances and a narrative far too convoluted for its own good
FAIR The story is all over the place, leaving viewers with a complicated and disjointed picture that touches on interesting points without fleshing any of them out.
FAIR features amazing production design and a fascinating story at first, the film does eventually fall apart at the end.
BAD full review in Greek
FAIR Until it derails while heading into its final turn, The Black Dahlia represents Brian De Palma's most assured moviemaking in at least a decade.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is both a studious new entry to the genre and a schizophrenic parody of it.
BAD Forty-five minutes in, I was already glancing at my watch and wondering why the only lively actress in this film was playing the dead girl. Go figure.
FAIR Highly stylized and overburdened with plot yet always engaging.
FAIR The movie, like the case, has some loose ends and some compelling moments.
BAD A slick but empty period noir. De Palma can do better than this.
FAIR ... Hillary Swank gives a Lauren Bacall edge to her femme fatale ...
BAD the convoluted story never really takes hold, and eventually it all dissolves into low camp and unintentional self-parody.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is not a black mark on the talent track record of anyone involved. Yet with such a potentially powerful story, it should have been something very special.
FAIR Gorgeously realised, gripping and doused in De Palma's familiar technical wizardry.
FAIR It only works in fits and starts and the grand climax is too Rocky Horror to be true, yet the heady redolence of a bygone era still proves seductive.
GOOD Brian De Palma's inventive filmmaking style turns this adaptation of the complex James Ellroy novel into a feast for the eyes, even if it's tough work keeping up with the story.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is no L.A Confidential but it's still an engagingly stylish detective thriller with strong performances.
BAD Dead on arrival.
BAD Almost every decision that was taken here seems to have been the wrong one, from the casting of the callow, pleasant-looking Josh Hartnett as the sexually repressed cop hero, to the mellow sepia tones overlaying night-time Los Angeles.
BAD The Black Dahlia, sadly, is a whale of a groaner.
BAD This is far from one of the director's better efforts and should be avoided by all those who are not sworn De Palma boosters.
GOOD Reaffirms De Palma's status as American cinema's cruelest social satirist...
BAD ...Beauty is my least favourite type of film. An 'arthouse' film with a repulsive protagonist, Beauty is slow and, eventually, vile.
FAIR Director Oliver Hermanus values quiet, naturalistic scenes of domestic life to build considerable emotional tensions in this finely nuanced film.
GOOD Hermanus's Cannes-feted feature serves as a bold statement on the stereotypical Afrikaans male, now struggling to remain relevant in a post-apartheid South Africa.
GOOD Few more truthful-seeming dramas about sexual repression have appeared in recent years than this one from Oliver Hermanus.
GOOD Deon Lotz gives a career-making performance in this petty-bourgeois tragedy which boldly shows both the mundanity and brutality that can lurk behind the closed doors of the South African middle classes.
GOOD Lotz gives the story a tragic dimension.
BAD An atmospheric downer about a repressed homosexual Afrikaner committing a staggeringly brutal sexual assault.
GOOD This queered state of a nation is tense, quietly sad and yes, beautiful.
GOOD Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a haunting, shocking and emotionally powerful drama with a terrific central performance from Deon Lotz.
FAIR Despite that title, there's an ugly power to this study of obsession and anger.
FAIR Lotz tortured expression carries the film, silently falling apart in an artful series of lingering pans and excruciating static shots.
FAIR A confronting tale of an angry, repressed white male in modern South Africa
FAIR A striking yet erratic piece of work...
BAD Unappealing characters and a dumb story. Skip it.
FAIR ...a fluffy time-killer.
BAD After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not find its ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs discover it late some evening, long, long after sunset indeed.
FAIR As guilty pleasures go, this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar. It won't do you any good, but hey, it's a lot of fun.
BAD Beautiful to look at (particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek) and has a zippy energy, but there's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface.
BAD What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen.
BAD That's when most of us sleep.
BAD All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface.
BAD ...[a] hollow heist flick. Alas, After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest. Repeat after me...Paradise Lost.
BAD Spends so much time down Selma Hayek's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated.
FAIR Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting, and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring. Its pleasantness is its undoing.
FAIR Light-hearted, enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast.
BAD A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves, without any PC guilt, in its hedonistic enticements.
BAD Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings, there's little else that's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie.
BAD A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being.
BAD After the Sunset tries to be two different films.
BAD After the Sunset looks great and has good actors, but it generally fails at what it really wants to do.
FAIR Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs. This is a fun diversion film not to be taken too seriously.
BAD The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue.
BAD A ho-hum heist flick.
BAD Finally, he has made a film that rises above mediocrity, though we can probably credit its mild, inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner's skill.
BAD Pretty sunsets, pretty people, and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you'll see in "After the Sunset." It's an average caper flick that's mostly for show.
BAD Comes across like a pinata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits.
BAD From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in "Dawn of the Dead," and maybe that would have been a better choice for him.
BAD Inoffensively asinine.
BAD Inane and a bit rote.
BAD Well, maybe they're just fine actors, but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic.
FAIR Basically, it's a 'cute' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front, and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater.
BAD It's not that great a picture, but it does what it's supposed to do and that's why you spend the bucks after all isn't it?
BAD in need of better characters, a better script, and a touch of evil
FAIR You've seen this movie many times before, but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless.
FAIR One shouldn't be too quick to put down this sort of efficient if generic filmmaking. [i]After the Sunset[/i] has modest goals, and achieves them.
BAD Truly, the best martial arts film about elephants yet made.
GOOD If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does, it would be the bestselling video game in history.
BAD Exactly like an elephant, mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement.
BAD Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script.
FAIR By the end you're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought.
FAIR The story is incoherent (possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original), but if you enjoy fight scenes, this is an eye-popping amazement...
BAD Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot.
FAIR Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films. So no one should be surprised to see his name in the credits of "The Protector," which he presents to American audiences.
BAD "Protector" is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes, and even the fights don't showcase Jaa's immense talent to full effect.
GOOD The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle.
FAIR Tony Jaa is a bad mother****er.
GOOD At least four stars' worth of guilty pleasure, and maybe more.
FAIR The editing is wildly haphazard, the story continuity is a mess, and some of the photography is just terrible, but I'll be darned if the movie isn't fun.
BAD These early fights, as goofy and inventive as they are, build up our goodwill toward Jaa, [but] the limb-breaking, tendon-severing finale dispels it.
FAIR Sadly, the production values don't do Jaa any favors
FAIR As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003's Ong-Bak: Thai Warrior, it's a whole lotta fun.
BAD ... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.
FAIR ... include[s] some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
BAD The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences. The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and 'presenter' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80.
BAD The Protector (aka Tom yum goong) is on a par with most Jackie Chan films, but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan's films so appealing.
FAIR Fun, violent, and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants, it isn't art, it isn't particularly skillful craft (outside of the fight scenes and RZA's aural contributions), but it's an awfully good time.
BAD The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector, a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak's 'You stole my village idol!' chopsocky chase picture.
FAIR All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior. He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.
FAIR A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting 'You stole my elephants!' in this infectious b-movie smack down.
BAD This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script, and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles.
FAIR An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture.
FAIR A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies, The Protector doesn't hold up to scrutiny if you're looking for a coherent story or powerhouse acting.
BAD Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak, but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality.
FAIR The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences. Perhaps next time we'll actually get to see the film he made.
BAD The resulting fights range from choppy, grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece.
BAD With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie, y'know, a little less Thai, director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited, badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding.
GOOD By the time you get to the giant glittering silver shoe floating in the river, you'll know whether The Passion of Darkly Noon is your kind of insanity.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch. Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, does it? Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter. He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
BAD The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
GOOD Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
GOOD It's not about Bushido, it's about its representation.
FAIR Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai reveals yet another facet of this always-unpredictable filmmaker: a flair for compassionate, humane melodrama.
BAD Hara-Kiri may be a lesser Miike work, but it's still a (literally) gutsy exercise in prolonged narrative recursiveness.
FAIR Miike's remake is actually less intense than the original.
FAIR A quiet, narratively layered period drama with a focus squarely on character.
BAD Pointless 3D, and with the way the story was told, there were no surprises. It does however feature the most horrific suicide I've watched on film.
FAIR Miike can't seem to get enough of Hanshiro's heroics. That's not just visual excess, though.
FAIR The movie is tellingly named after the blunt, informal term for the ritual (hara-kiri means "cut belly") and effectively deglorifies these "honorable" ritual suicides.
BAD There are many more enlightening and entertaining films out there about ancient Japanese traditions that are far more deserving of your time.
FAIR A 3-D epic that, despite its title, is more of a soap opera than a swordplay thriller.
GOOD It's an indelible picture of a cold-hearted ruling class that has allowed self-interest and hypocrisy to override its own humanity.
FAIR Miike brings a formal, elegant restraint to his usual flair for wild theatrics.
FAIR More moving than shocking, it proceeds slowly and gracefully, and the few scenes of bloodshed are emotionally intense rather than showily sensational.
GOOD Miike turns the format's inherent limitations, especially the tendency toward visual murkiness, to his advantage, fully immersing us in a world suffused with moral and ethical rot.
BAD Takashi Miike lets his familiar tastelessness get the better of him, relishing the grisly seppuku-by-bamboo in unnecessary detail.
FAIR It wouldn't just be a bad pun to suggest that this film hits you in the gut.
GOOD It's far from perfection but those who are more interested in consideration than carnage might find that such dignified imperfection will do.
FAIR The camera moves with a grace and elegance that seems entirely appropriate to a picture so profoundly concerned with ritual.
GOOD This has the lineaments of a classic and would make a great double-bill with Miike's 1999 film Audition on the theme of revenge.
BAD Seek out Kobayashi's superior original instead.
FAIR A surprisingly subdued affair, [but] aficionados will still find enough sword-based shenanigans to keep them engrossed.
FAIR The 3D is completely redundant and the action sporadic but unexpected gearshifts provide plenty of narrative meat.
FAIR The closing reels make up a fight scene even Quentin Tarantino would have thought too one-sided for Uma and her second-hand yellow jumpsuit in Kill Bill.
GOOD This is the ultimate celluloid Rorschach test, where the production refuses to offer a straightforward solution to the maze of thorny challenges.
GOOD [...]Persona marks a radical break for Bergman, an acknowledgment up front of the illusion and fundamental artifice of making movies.
GOOD Persona probes the depths of the human psyche, even as it examines the ways in which people tell stories and create new realities. Its themes are timeless, and it still holds up today.
GOOD One of the screen's supreme works and perhaps Ingmar Bergman's finest film.
GOOD Wonderfully complex but warmly human, Bergman's drama is one of his very best.
GOOD Persona is made up of clinical compositions, austere acting and stark lighting courtesy of legendary lensman Sven Nykvist. Yet it's this very severity that gives the film its crisp beauty.
GOOD A work of many possible readings -- any of which provide deeply disturbing looks into the psyche of the characters or character.
GOOD Not a movie, but a Film. And a Great Film it is. As good as any.
FAIR One of Ingmar Bergman's most beloved films.
GOOD Corajoso em sua abordagem narrativa, Bergman cria um dos mais densos dramas psicologicos do Cinema, quebrando as convencoes da linguagem para expressar ideias e sentimentos.
GOOD There are so many stunning monologues and unforgettable set-pieces in Persona that even at a modest 80 minutes, it feels fuller on the surface than most movies twice the length.
BAD ...Bergman's penchant for strangeness eventually undercuts the effective elements.
GOOD Bergman at his most atypically sensual, playful -- even Godardian.
GOOD Made in the mid-60s, his film's intensity and mysteriousness remain undimmed despite the passage of time.
GOOD Somewhat dated today, but one of Bergman's greatest works.
GOOD Ingmar Bergman's most actively astonishing film.
GOOD You might not understand it all right away, or even after multiple viewings, but there is nothing about Persona that is forgettable. It is an experience that sticks with you and gnaws at you, compelling you back to it again and again.
GOOD A film we return to over the years, for the beauty of its images and because we hope to understand its mysteries.
GOOD One of the most chilling, disturbing, and even erotic films to ever be made.
GOOD It's not a horror story but a poem, and remarkable for that. This is one of the director's masterworks.
FAIR Old-time gladiator epic, and all the sweatiness that implies.
GOOD Like the best "mockumentaries", this often feels like the real thing - unlike the obvious parody that was SPINAL TAP.
BAD Quentin, what are you smoking?
BAD I felt a level of exasperation with how the character of Joe handled his own children. I'm not a fan of men who have a problem stepping up to the role of a parent.
FAIR Clive Owen gets in touch with his sensitive side in the heartbreaking drama, The Boys Are Back.
BAD It's a fairly standard premise that is, for the most part, employed to middling effect by filmmaker Scott Hicks...
GOOD The Boys Are Back is poignant in dealing with the stages of grief but lets up with a bit of fun. Scott Hicks really is back in town.
FAIR Clive Owen turns a tear-jerker into a meditation on fatherhood in The Boys Are Back
FAIR Owen reveals a rarely glimpsed warmth and the father and son dynamic has charm, but sappiness keeps the film nice, rather than as good as it might have been.
GOOD Hicks's directing style is straightforward and unfussy - a description you could apply to this big-hearted film as a whole.
BAD Aggressively life-affirming, unashamedly sentimental and tear-jerking with industrial efficiency.
BAD If you could order a heart-tugging movie about a widower single dad from the Boden catalogue, accessorised with emotional moments purchased online at johnlewis.com, it might look like this excruciatingly artificial and prettified film.
FAIR Hicks's hand with these relationships is more than sure enough to guide this unexpectedly observant movie over its occasional rough spots.
FAIR The Boys Are Back strains admirably against the stereotypes which tend to weigh down such tales of the expected.
GOOD A quintessential boys film to admire with no explosions or pixelated action sequences.
GOOD Heartwrenchingly sad, yet ultimately uplifting, Shine director Hicks more than matches the film that made him famous with this deeply moving tale.
FAIR Visually sharp but dramatically flat, The Boys Are Back plays like a montage of Kodak moments that engage the eye but rarely the heart.
FAIR Often touching, more often infuriating account of an ex-pat Brit journo in Oz exploring the how-to of father-son bonding. But even if you're grinding your teeth, the film's brash exuberance and its lead actor will keep you watching.
FAIR The quality of the acting is impressive and serves to at least give some substance to a rather flimsy plot.
BAD The plot is mundane and relatively dull... The result is an experience that's amiable but underwhelming.
GOOD Owen is sensational, providing a sensitive, soulful presence that lifts the film, making for a touching and inspiring trip to the movies.
FAIR While Scott Hicks' film is worth a watch, it just skims the surface of the single dad issues it tackles and by the end is a bit too Happy Families.
FAIR The film is a convincing portrait of the stress of single parenthood. Owen does well in a tricky role. I could watch him all day, and after The Boys Are Back, I felt like I had.
BAD Owen's voiceover is a cringeworthy accompaniment on the film's heavily signposted road to redemptive hugs and Joe's tentative romance with a divorcee. Bereavement is a valid starting-point, but this really gives the healing process a bad name.
GOOD A sensitive, expertly acted exploration of the bond between a father and his sons.
BAD The Boys Are Back is frightened of being frightening and, as a result, has no sense of momentum.
GOOD Clive Owen gives perhaps his best performance to date as Joe; there's a slight emotional coldness to his screen persona that works perfectly here.
FAIR This story is rather un-cinematic, lacking a driving narrative. But it's a telling exploration of relationships, relying on a superb cast to keep us engaged.
FAIR What follows is a string of reasonably interesting ups and downs, with no clear overall plot to thread them together. It's kind of pretty good, ish.
FAIR Clive Owen gets a decent showcase for his more sensitive side in this otherwise middling drama.
GOOD [Clive Owen] puts in one of the best performances of his career in a heartfelt emotional drama.
FAIR [Clive Owen's] performance as Joe in The Boys Are Back not only gives the film a strong emotional centre but also keeps it out of overly sentimental territory.
FAIR This family's period of adjustment may tug on the heart a bit but fails, save for Owen's holding power, to form a dramatic grip out of all that sympathy.
FAIR The Boys are Back deftly combines humour and heart in a well crafted tale of boys of all ages growing up, and if it helps, just think of it as a good film they happened to make in Australia.
GOOD This beautifully etched, deeply moving drama about single fatherhood [is] the best film Adelaide director Scott Hicks has made since Shine -- and the peak of Clive Owen's acting career
GOOD Director, Scott Hicks has created a really lovely film. It's fortunate that the star power of Clive Owen gives the film a core dynamism.
BAD The film plods along unremarkably -- even Joe's unorthodox rearing techniques lose their surprise factor after a while -- but does remain true to itself right to the bitter(sweet) end.
FAIR There's a lot to like about the film. Hicks makes evocative use of the Fleurieu Peninsula's hills and coastline to impart some magic to Joe's attempts to turn life with his sons in to a Boys' Own adventure.
GOOD Scott Hicks's return to the big-screen -- and Australia, courtesy of the film's South Australian setting -- is a wonderfully moving meditation on life, death and familial bonds that triumphs in its understated approach.
GOOD Joe says in a voice-over that "life is a journey to be traveled no matter how bad the road." And The Boys Are Back is a highly satisfying ride.
BAD The Boys are bound to seem a rather boring bunch, which makes it hard for Scott Hicks' downbeat heart-tugger to resonate in any meaningful way.
GOOD True to its title, Albert Serra's new film approaches death as both narrative endpoint and formal focus, its initial vivacious mischief giving way to a Manichean fable about the waning of the light.
GOOD Serra's slow-burn romp depicts in enchanting natural light the revolutionary shift from the Enlightenment to irrationalism. Broadly symbolic, the film is also detailed enough that we can see particles of dust move through the air.
FAIR The characters, rather than the plot, make this an enjoyable movie.
FAIR The movie falls apart when it tries to go back and investigate another mystery... I'd trade closure for more moments of comedic brilliance.
BAD By the half way point I was beginning to take back everything I said re Steven Soderbergh's dull-as-ditchwater Che: Part II - even he manages to drum up more tension than this.
BAD 'The Lost City' is intriguing as a historical document and adequate as cinema, but it has a blandness at its core that no amount of spicy mambo and booty-quaking dance routines can disguise.
BAD There may be a good film here, but it struggles to break free of the cumbersome framework.
BAD Andy Garcia's preposterous vanity project The Lost City is an all-singing, all-dancing version of the Cuban Revolution.
BAD The script is scrupulously even-handed, but Garcia can't seem to get a grip on this sprawl.
BAD Great music and costumes, but with a woeful plot and jaw-droppingly stilted dialogue. Cuban-born Garcia's main complaint against Fidel seems to be that rich, corrupt Cubans could no longer dance the night away.
BAD Not an embarrassment, but definitely a missed opportunity.
FAIR Andy Garcia's directorial debut is a flawed and overlong but nonetheless watchable drama with strong performances, a superb soundtrack and bizarre appearances from Dustin Hoffman and Bill Murray.
BAD Garcia obviously has more ambition than skill.
FAIR It's by no means a flawless film, but it's a meaty one, and if you're a big fan of Andy Garcia, I'd definitely recommend it. (Plus, Bill Murray's in there.)
FAIR ...plays like a confusing and inferior Caribbean analog to The Godfather, without anything like the narrative drive of Coppola's film.
BAD While the soundtrack of Cuban dance music is superb, this historical drama is leaden and simply too long-winded for its own good.
BAD Garcia's storytelling lacks highs and lows and has far too much going on. And on.
FAIR The result has a potluck rather than persuasive, integrated quality.
BAD For a tribute to a lost city, Garcia has made a lost film.
BAD Book-ended by fine songs; in between, Garcia offers more than two hours of clumsy Coppola/Scorsese karaoke...
BAD Even though the movie is made with an abundance of heart, it's sad to report that the final result has only a weak pulse.
BAD It's handsome and heartfelt but mired in murky politics, plot inertia, musical montages and painfully pointed symbolism.
BAD Garcia needed better guiding hands and eyes in the editing room to jettison the many parts that bog down the story.
FAIR Unsteady but often entrancing.
BAD Turgid, lumpy and almost unwatchably dull.
GOOD It's a potent work, enlivened by fabulous Cuban music and Garcia's obvious love for his land and his culture.
BAD Unfortunately, Garcia is inept as a director. His scenes are shapeless and bloated with self-important speeches.
BAD It's barely coherent as it is, but at 2 hours and 23 minutes, The Lost City is simply infuriating.
BAD The movie has too many stories to tell and tells none of them very well.
BAD Our cue that Garcia is acting is when he furiously bats his eyes in his smoldering emotional scenes. Either that, or he's allergic to the smoke from all those Cuban cigars.
FAIR Garcia's fans and viewers who love Cuban music will probably enjoy The Lost City if they don't mind the long run time.
BAD If you want to see a good, entertaining movie about Havana, circa 1958, better to rent Havana, than waste your money on this turkey.
FAIR The coming CD, not the DVD, should be the keeper.
BAD A pretty bauble, a trinket offered when the stakes of barter were life and death.
FAIR What makes this movie interesting is the family (and not just because it's made up of 3 beautiful brothers). It's a love story, between a man and a woman and between a people and their country.
FAIR As a musical fever dream of paradise lost, The Lost City is a flawed success, boasting just enough truth and admirable purpose to justify the hazards of Garcia's passion.
BAD You can see why Garcia was drawn to this material, but he hasn't had much luck shaping it into a film.
GOOD It's a quiet thud of a film, which embraces, with grace and precision, the nastiness of growing up with desire stuck in one's throat like a muffled scream.
FAIR Beautifully observed and melancholic
BAD [This] attempt to mine the material for black comedy is full of war-is-hell cliches, flat jokes and ragged storytelling.
BAD Few people will gain a greater understanding of Canada's war from this movie. There are a handful of worthy moments, but it's too bogged down in cliche.
FAIR As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso, Sia lacks visual flair. But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast, and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie, no matter who runs them.
FAIR Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you, Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory.
BAD The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality, but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious.
FAIR For all their moodiness and irascibility, the girls come across as warm and believable, and there are funny moments when they take to the streets to raise money for a new guitar.
GOOD The music here is really just a Macguffin, a way into Moodyson's real subject: the complex and often unequal dynamics of adolescent friendships.
GOOD The beautifully authentic performances by the three bandmates capture that brief life moment when nearly everything can feel like a scary, joyous act of rebellion.
GOOD It's a film for seeing familiar things being done well, not for being surprised or challenged.
GOOD We Are The Best! is a delightful film about the friendship between its three young protagonists, set to an amusing and convincing punk music backdrop. I spent half the running time with a grin on my face.
FAIR We Are the Best! is as unique as chips and chocolate. It's also as universal as cosmic pubescence.
GOOD A proudly feminist middle finger to conformity, and a celebration of youthful rebellion.
FAIR "We Are the Best!" captures the chaos of youth with a funny and profane energy.
GOOD In its evocation of the early '80s Stockholm middle-school girl punk rock scene, "We Are The Best!" could hardly be more specific. But in its depiction of the joys and sorrows of adolescence, it could hardly be more universal.
FAIR Moodysson has brought these non-conformists delightfully, sensitively to life with design and cinematography reflecting the recently departed 70's.
FAIR The young actresses are just flawless and I think Lukas Moodysson really tells this story well.
GOOD Full of adolescent energy -- vibrant, untethered, and kind of bonkers -- the new movie from Swedish director Lukas Moodysson is a gentler version of childhood than he's recently favoured.
GOOD The performances of all three young actors are superb, soulful, honest and full of joy. Their dialogue is often ridiculously funny and there's no sense of manufactured drama.
GOOD So far this year, one of the most warmly inspiring films ... sheer smile-on-your-dial factor. Moodysson absolutely knows what he's doing ... becomes funnier and funnier.
GOOD Captures the dynamics of adolescent friendship to perfection. Funny and full of bluster, it's an exuberant tribute to punk rock spirit, and to the experience of being thirteen.
FAIR An unexpected charmer about friendship, identity and the liberating power of making a racket.
GOOD It may not be very punk, but these girls just want to have fun. And, crucially, Moodysson is having a good time too; there's joy in every frame.
GOOD The great charm of Lukas Moodysson's We Are the Best! lies in its total lack of pretension and adult editorializing.
GOOD Relentlessly upbeat... Captures the peripatetic energy of youth.
GOOD We Are the Best! seems like [Moodysson's] clearest vision to date.
GOOD This is a knowing film, and a liberating one.
FAIR The young actresses are flawless, and their ear-banging music, which remains awful throughout the film, is nonetheless full of static electricity.
GOOD The teenage actors nail their natural, giddy-sad coming-of-age performances and Moodyson flavors the film with fine direction of its young stars.
GOOD Director Moodysson revels in the way his young cast alternate between being children and adults, back and forth like a lenticular image. The film is irresistible--conveying the pleasures of being a spiky nuisance in a maddeningly calm society.
GOOD A note-perfect coming-of-age story masquerading as a Behind the Music documentary
GOOD [Moodysson] captures the crushing urgency and emotional craziness of youth. It's not blood that flows through these girls' veins, it's nitroglycerin.
GOOD "We Are the Best!" is a messy, congenial empowerment story that knows how aggravating adolescence can be when you refuse to fit in.
GOOD It's a title that makes quite a statement. Few viewers will be inclined to argue.
FAIR Sweet-spirited and sometimes meandering but always working in the service of its young protagonists' perspective.
GOOD A coming of age frolic with lessons for all ages.
FAIR It's impossible not to root for these appealing if flawed youngsters.
BAD Has all the technical ingredients of a great (and even important) film, but sideswipes them in order to leave the audience feeling like that they have been abandoned in the wilderness of extreme cruelty.
GOOD Director Gary Ross does a great job in bringing the thrilling novel to life in this uncompromising drama.
GOOD The filmmakers' devotion to Collins' page-turner will please the book's fans and anyone who likes action, sci-fi, social commentary or a female protagonist with smarts, compassion and survival skills.
FAIR An exhilarating debut from the bestselling series about teenagers engaged in a deadly bloodsport.
GOOD Given the recent failure of so many big-budget films, the odds weren't in The Hunger Games favor, either. Thankfully, Hollywood got this one right.
GOOD The supporting cast is excellent (most notably Stanley Tucci as flamboyant television host Caesar Flickerman, and Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy, Katniss and Peeta's troubled mentor).
GOOD Some plot threads are underserved but The Hunger Games is a fascinating and disturbing character drama that successfully captures the core themes of the book.
FAIR Sure this entry is a ripoff of "Battle Royale," but it's still an entertaining ride with great casting that will more than likely please fans of the book and those who've never even heard of it.
GOOD Despite a few minor problems, The Hunger Games proves to be a promising start to what will no doubt become the next beloved Hollywood mega-series.
FAIR While the 12A rating renders any serious violence a tad impotent, there is much more going on here than the fawning and frowning of its soppy vampire peer.
FAIR I never thought I'd describe a film by Pleasantville and Seabiscuit director Gary Ross as 'whackadoodle,' but if the shoe fits.
GOOD The Hunger Games may be a flawed beast, to be sure, but there's plenty of subtext to glean from the narrative, and a slew of wonderfully rich characters worth investing in.
GOOD The first genuine can't miss film of the year that you'll want to go back to the theater to see over and over again.
BAD Katniss embodies all that's better than her Hunger Games opponents, being aptly appalled at what she sees while also learning to manipulate her audience.
GOOD The Hunger Games stomps the Twilight saga flat, and though I found those films somewhat amusing, this one is the real deal...
GOOD A blockbuster that has something to say about the world we could be living in. Unlike Twilight, this film actually has a deeper and more important philosophical meaning.
GOOD The phenomenal cast with great chemistry and sincere authentic performances from the older actors empowers the material.
GOOD Here's the movie for which millions of fans have been starving.
FAIR Whatever rough patches and shortcomings this first film has, that by the end I was indeed interested in seeing what happens next speaks to how Ross got it mostly right.
BAD If you've never read Collins' novels, the odds that you'll enjoy the film are not in your favor.
GOOD This movie rules.
GOOD If the setup behind 'The Hunger Games' upsets you, that's a good thing.
FAIR Lawrence is a strong role model for young girls with her character's sacrifice, courage, moral grounding in a world that's lost its own, and will to fight for what's right, even if it means sacrificing her own life or sparking a revolution.
FAIR I didn't read the book. While the film is entertaining enough, I never felt drawn in to this new world.
FAIR An entertaining adventure, but while director Gary Ross gets terrific performances from Tucci, Banks, Harrelson, and Lawrence, he drags it out far longer than the story requires.
FAIR Lawrence is terrific in the lead role and gives us someone to root for to survive this horrible ordeal. The supporting players carve out memorable characters. The musical score, costumes and makeup are the other strengths.
FAIR I found the sardonic satire of the movie's first half in the Capitol (a city that suggests a meeting of L. Frank Baum and Albert Speer) more intriguing than the insufficiently suspenseful depiction of the Hunger Games competition itself...
FAIR Solid enough, but for a non-fan fairly unremarkable.
BAD A cheap looking, drab film.
FAIR The battle that informs this adaptation is between the filmmakers' intent to create a moneymaking franchise... and the efforts of star Jennifer Lawrence to create a compelling movie.
GOOD It has the slightly grubby, cobbled-together look of a futuristic flick from the '70s, but that is part of its charm.
FAIR Jennifer Lawrence brings to the pulpy material a sense of weight and gravity that few young actresses could muster; she has a flinty strength that enhances, rather than belies, her soft features, and it makes Katniss a completely believable protagonist.
FAIR The movie on its own terms is an entirely likable thriller, if a bit light on intelligence and personality.
GOOD This tension-filled action-adventure delivers a pulse-pounding, pop culture message of female empowerment.
GOOD Joon-ho Bong lets viewers fall into the cops' frustrations, but these detectives are dogged, not downtrodden. "Memories" shows their lives, however tortured, outside the case - like "Heat" without antagonistic rivalries or a more political "Zodiac."
GOOD Utiliza seu misterio (real) envolvendo o primeiro serial killer sul-coreano para fazer um forte comentario politico e, no processo, cria uma narrativa tensa (mas tambem divertida) povoada de personagens tragicamente ineptos.
GOOD ...merits mention alongside Silence of the Lambs and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer...offers an incisive analysis of the culture that produced the crime.
GOOD Low-key, unassuming, and crafty in the way it slowly gets under your skin, Memories of Murder is a sly and smart thriller.
FAIR Bong not only has an eye for beauty there are some gorgeous shots of the country's farmland but for the absurd.
FAIR The foregone conclusion only adds an extra layer of fatalism to this tale of ineffectual authority and abusive power.
GOOD Memories of Murder is such a taut, effective thriller it's a shame you have to read subtitles to gauge just how good a movie it is.
FAIR straightforward, with minimal flourish
GOOD Suspenseful, surprising, and psychologically rich.
GOOD An almost perversely conceived hybrid -- noirish thriller, social satire and virtual Korean Keystone Komedy with a dash of political attitude.
FAIR For a film about women getting brutally attacked and dispatched, the movie has no sense of urgency or underlying dread.
FAIR Achieves an unlikely but ultimately successful blend of blunt-force comedy and desperate investigation.
GOOD What's most remarkable about it is the way Bong builds real suspense and plays the chilling moments straight while leaving himself room for nonsense and horseplay.
GOOD These are no gritty 'Dirty Harry' cops, nor are they kooky Keystone Kops. You know what they are? They're Columbo - if Columbo were the schlemiel he always pretends to be.
GOOD Manages to transcend the popular and cliched genre by focusing on the emotional toll dealing with such crimes has on the detectives.
GOOD A refreshingly mature thriller that succeeds in its ambitious attempt to blend quips and killings.
FAIR Uneven movie has tonal problems.
BAD Memories of Murder offers a ruminative and affecting approach to a genre not known for its emotional content.
BAD Backcountry may zig instead of zag from its facile setup, but even the payoff doesn't stand out.
FAIR These types of creature-feature horror movies are a dime a dozen, but writer-director Adam MacDonald proves there's life left in the genre with his tense and terrifying thriller.
BAD Monotonous and foreseeable with spastic choreography, Backcountry is horrific for all of the wrong reasons.
FAIR The alone-in-the-wilderness survival number gets a serious kick in the hindquarters ... MacDonald harvests gooseflesh the old-fashioned way, by suggesting much, showing little.
FAIR Apparently inspired by a true story that the movie made me very much not want to look up, which I suppose may be taken by some to be a token of its effectiveness.
FAIR Just when you thought it was safe to stand up to a bear in the woods, this jarring indie horror drama will make you scurry back indoors.
FAIR This isn't about the bear. [It's] about two people who get in way over their heads in thinking they know nature and each other...
FAIR Concocted with ace precision, worthy of a spectacle of well-earned winces and gasps.
FAIR MacDonald elevates Backcountry by couching what turns out to be a keenly observed relationship drama inside a horror flick.
GOOD Almost traumatically intense. The film continually cranks up the danger, creating a scenario that becomes more and more harrowing with every passing minute. A superb chiller.
FAIR After a surprising development, the film grows slack and sentimental, reverting to the survival-movie platitude about hardship making you a better human.
GOOD Backcountry is a blood-soaked campfire treat that confidently hits on nature's unpredictable fury and features a brilliant turn by Missy Peregrym as a bruised, battered and beaten survivalist.
FAIR Oddly not as good as the theatrical cut.
FAIR The film feels like a collision between a John Hughes teen comedy and a David Lynch freakfest.
GOOD Like Being John Malkovich and 2001: A Space Odyssey and too few others, this is one of those mind-melting cinematic achievements.
FAIR ...in the years since the film was made, the country and the world have become even more divided.... Maybe the movie is more meaningful today than ever.
GOOD The longer version ... packs more of a kick and has a grander, gloomier vision: It represents four weeks in the mind of a smart, anguished, lonely guy who doesn't think he's fit to live.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that creates friendships among its aficionados.
GOOD Richard Kelly's revamped version of his creepy, cool debut is neither a bold revelation nor a bland over-elaboration.
FAIR The die-hards will dig it, and those who skipped its initial run should greater enjoy their first trip through the cellar door of Donnie's universe.
GOOD A masterpiece of mood...Donnie Darko is made less obscure-for better or worse-in Kelly's expanded director's cut.
GOOD What remains unchanged is the realization of just what a superb actor Jake Gyllenhaal is.
GOOD A generous, compassionate, daring movie.
GOOD What the movie loses in pure emotional reaction it gains in fatalistic desperation.
GOOD ...may be the truest depiction on film of the troubled adolescent mind.
FAIR Alive, original and intriguing.
GOOD Demands to be explored, analyzed and debated, and consists of interlocking miniature mysteries and broad, rewarding strokes that emerge with increased familiarity.
GOOD In his quest to make Darko more accessible, Kelly might upset a few loyalists of the original, but there are still enough questions left to confound and enthrall audiences in Donnie Darko's reconfigured version.
GOOD The 2001 cut is my preference, but the 2004 changes have their select attributes. Both editions, indeed, are modern masterworks.
FAIR Kelly has restored scenes, added effects and clarified the story -- almost always to the detriment of the mesmerizing surrealist mystery that made the film such a masterpiece.
GOOD Not necessarily better, but just a different and equally impressive take on a great film.
GOOD A deliriously subtle exploration of storytelling possibilities, and a deliciously wry teen-pic to boot.
FAIR At 133 minutes, the film doesn't feel longer, just deeper and more richly textured.
FAIR Kelly's story of a brilliant, disturbed teen (Jake Gyllenhaal) drowning in the cultural morass of the 1980s now feels bloated.
GOOD Now that it has returned in a 20-minute longer -- and richer -- director's cut, it seems sure to be ranked as one of the key American films of the decade.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
FAIR An old/new non-sequel re-release to awaken audiences who initially zombied out on its originality.
GOOD A strikingly different film from the original: with a slower pace and a much less enigmatic tone.
GOOD It's ultimately Kelly's inventive storytelling and the myriad of complex themes he explores that capture one's imagination and, in this reviewer's case, re-ignite one's passion for the medium.
FAIR Mostly, Kit Kittredge is exactly what you'd expect -- a treacle-sweet, simplistic story about maintaining a stiff upper lip in the face of adversity, keeping your family together, and not judging a book by its cover.
FAIR Emotionally affecting but dramatically wobbly, "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl" touchingly illustrates the sting of poverty without overly resorting to childish shenanigans.
FAIR More depth than you would expect
GOOD When I have children, this is the kind of movie I hope they will like. It's intelligent, it's meaningful, and it doesn't condescend to kids. In fact, it actually encourages kids to think.
FAIR Kit Kittredge has many of the classic ingredients of a successful family tale, but it's most notable success is in the unusual themes it brings to the forefront.
FAIR ...sweet-tempered and endearing, mining several layers of nostalgia...
FAIR If only all family films could be this good.
GOOD As surprising as finding vegetables in a bowl of vegetable soup, Kit Kittredge still comes as a little oasis of thoughtfulness in a summer largely devoted to property damage.
FAIR With a plethora of violent and drug-related movies streaming into theaters faster than a Star Wars battleship, the heartfelt Kit Kittredge offers an enjoyable breath of fresh air.
GOOD A cute dog, feisty kids, and a great big happy ending, everything an American Girl fan would want out of the movie. That's enough to please the parents, too.
FAIR The movie would be more interesting if it weren't photographed in the amber glow we associate with Kodak commercials and other happily-ever-after exercises in nostalgia.
GOOD excellent performances, an intelligent script, rooted in the 30s, but timeless in its themes, make it an adventure and a delight, for all ages
GOOD There I sat, alone in the dark, trying to figure out why no one else was in the theater for "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl."
BAD The story isn't bad and it has a good message, but the pacing drains all of the energy and fun out of what could have been an exceptional family movie.
FAIR [I]t may seem like it's part of a commercial juggernaut, but it's also a well-made and well-acted family film.
FAIR Manages a careful balance of entertainment and realism. It could be a Shirley Temple movie for our current hard times.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is a film you walk out of and say, "Well, that was ok." Then you move on with your life.
BAD Paved with such good intentions that it's a shame to have to criticize it. Alas, said good intentions cannot stop the picture from being a decidedly dull and eventless experience.
GOOD A vibrant, character-filled mystery-comedy set during a Depression that resembles the present all too much.
FAIR This classy, heart-on-its-sleeve movie is packed with laudable life lessons and Depression-era trivia.
FAIR This is a sweet, G-rated story of 1930s girl power, with nary a princess in sight.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is proof of how far you can get with the right screenwriter -- in this instance one versed in Children's Adventures 101 -- and director.
FAIR For what it is and for whom it's intended (young children), Kit Kittredge works and works wonderfully.
FAIR Smart, empathetic, fun loving and, best of all, a delight for all audiences.
FAIR A thoroughly satisfying and engaging children's picture that never forgets those kids probably didn't get to the theater by themselves.
FAIR That Kit largely succeeds is testament to not only its timing but also its craft.
GOOD Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is rife with feisty, generous pleasures.
FAIR There's nothing remotely cool about Kit Kittredge. That's why it's cool.
GOOD This tale of a little girl's determination and grit during the Depression is an honest-to-goodness family movie, one that parents and children can enjoy equally and together.
BAD Kit Kittredge is a dutiful bore.
FAIR ... girls who are into American Girls will find Kit Kittredge to be an enormously pleasing romp with one of their favorite characters.
BAD Kit Kittredge is, as her movie and doll-line assert, An American Girl, and so she'll need to face up to her national history, embrace her responsibility, and learn a useful life lesson to boot.
FAIR Frankly, they are lucky to have this cast. Breslin pretty much charms her way through some rough patches, and both Cusack and Tucci provide welcome comic relief.
FAIR And any film that plants such ideas in the cultural compost heap should be commended. Here's hoping they bloom.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is one of the best kid's movies to come out in years. For a moment anyway, this film made me desperately want to be a kid again.
FAIR Fanny, Annie & Danny will make anybody with a family, the more dysfunctional the better, cringe and grin.
GOOD I left the film feeling horrible for or about the characters onscreen, but it doesn't mean this is a bad movie; it's a really great movie, just not a feel-good movie.
FAIR Fanny, Annie & Danny will make you run up and hug your sketchiest uncle this holiday season. Family dysfunction at its finest.
FAIR Writer-director Chris Brown makes a play for the "And You Thought Your Family Was Crazy" sweepstakes with Fanny, Annie & Danny.
FAIR "Fanny, Annie & Danny" may be an unpleasant story about unpleasant characters, but the acting is fabulous.
GOOD "Aguirre, The Wrath of God" leaves you feeling as if you are watching a documentary rather than a fictionalized drama. In some ways, what you are seeing is nothing short of the absolute truth.
GOOD Idiosyncratic visionaries don't come any more idiosyncratic or visionary than Werner Herzog.
GOOD The whole movie merges landscapes and character with such force that, once seen, you never forget it.
GOOD Herzog's vision of man disregarding nature and bringing about his inevitable demise is an intoxicating one, and one that demands to be revisited through this wonderfully restored print.
GOOD It looks more magnificent and mad than ever, one of the great folies de grandeur of 1970s cinema, an expeditionary Conradian nightmare like Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
GOOD A journey down river to the mouth of Hell, but also so much more.
GOOD Made for buttons, it's an awesome feat of filmmaking.
GOOD A classic that screams to be seen on the big screen.
GOOD This 1972 German film eschews narrative for hallucinatory images and long takes that plunge you into the whirlpool of the main character's madness. It's less storytelling than a visually disturbing fever dream.
GOOD Potheads who watch this will probably check their stash the next morning to see if any of it's gone.
GOOD A seminal film without which we almost cerainly would not have with us either Apocalypse Now or much of the ouevre of Terence Malick.
GOOD A saga of adventurers driven headlong into annihilation by their own hubris and desire for immortality.
GOOD One of the best films ever made.
GOOD It's a testament to the genius of Aguirre: The Wrath of God that its genesis has spawned its own creation mythology.
GOOD Extraordinary adventure in the Andean jungles
GOOD One of the pre-eminent achievements in world cinema, as far as I'm concerned.
GOOD This is a splendid and haunting work.
GOOD Features one of the strangest and most impressive performances in film history.
GOOD Quiet and atmospheric, creepy and grisly, drenched in both equatorial sunshine and scarlet blood -- the film is startlingly powerful as it subtly examines themes of imperialism, corporate greed and ultimately personal madness.
GOOD Herzog's finest film...one of the great, mad visions of cinema.
GOOD The powerful and near demonic screen presence of Klaus Kinski, combined with the very real danger of the nature that surrounds him and Herzog's gift for making every shot count, is quite remarkable.
GOOD a film of great power and raw brutality
GOOD One of the great haunting visions of the cinema.
GOOD It's a truly amazing movie, an epic made from genius, stubbornness, and madness.
GOOD A stunning, terrifying exploration of human obsession descending into madness.
BAD It drags its feet until its feet are bleeding stumps. Save yourself.
FAIR The intention seems to be to create a ferocious film without an iota of fakery...
GOOD Starred Up is unflinchingly ferocious and you won't be able to look away.
GOOD Gritty, intense, unflinching and taut. An emotional punch to the gut. Jack O'Connell delivers a bravura, star-making performance. It's the best prison drama since A Prophet.
GOOD The power of this movie is in its lack of interest in the dramatic and its preference, instead, of the humane.
GOOD Gritty British prison dramas are hardly something new but every so often one crops up that grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go.
GOOD Jack O'Connell is electrifying.
GOOD Yup, there's a prison wing full of cliches, but, aided by razor-sharp performances from his cast, Young Adam director, David Mackenzie, delivers a raw, powerful, British prison drama.
GOOD Two of the year's best male performances give depth to the film's fascinating character study.
GOOD Starred Up may cover familiar ground but it's executed with such arresting authenticity that it's hard to not be drawn in and ultimately excited. This is prison melodrama done amazingly well with sharp performances and visceral attention to detail.
FAIR Just about the most uncompromising prison movie imaginable,.
FAIR Despite its inevitable hard-surface jailhouse cliches, Starred Up is impressively well filmed, impeccably acted and, for those of a nervous disposition, brutally shocking.
FAIR Director David Mackenzie has empathy for the characters, but also knows how to ratchet up the tension and make the scene of mayhem pack a wallop.
FAIR Watching it is like watching a slow-motion train wreck -- you know you should look away, but you can't help but watch to see the potentially horrifying results.
GOOD Take one teenager. Add raw testosterone. Arm with unquenchable, unreasoning anger. Lock in pressure-cooker cell. Unleash. Roll camera.
FAIR "Starred Up" manages to be sympathetic, not only because of O'Connell's galvanizing turn, but also Asser and director David Mackenzie's unwavering commitment to portraying his character with as much compassion as brutal honesty.
FAIR A clear sense of why Anton Yelchin doppelganger Jack O'Connell soon may be a household name.
GOOD It's almost as difficult to sit through "Starred Up" as it is satisfying to watch it.
GOOD ...captures the madness of a societal menace without ever losing sight of his humanity.
FAIR The raw emotions on display need no translation. David Mackenzie directs the film in a piercingly realistic style.
FAIR There's a nasty cycle suggested by the way this prison operates.
GOOD This is strong medicine, yet it's also exhilarating.
FAIR [O'Connell] fully immerses himself in the character, bringing the right amounts of cocksureness and vulnerability to the role.
GOOD The most tremendous thing about Starred Up is exactly how simple it keeps things, and what a richly nuanced story emerges in the process.
GOOD As it begins, with its hard, unflinching look at a prisoner transferred to an adult institution, it might recall Steve McQueen's very tough Hunger (2008), but though Starred Up always retains its edge, it finds a sympathetic heart as well.
GOOD Marks star Jack O'Connell's breakthrough into superstardom with a performance so visceral it challenges Tom Hardy's Bronson for sheer aggression.
GOOD Expect to hear a lot more from English actor Jack O'Connell, who holds the screen as well as his character, Eric, commands a cellblock.
GOOD Starred Up is a small indie film in danger of slipping through the cracks at the Hollywood-driven multiplex. Finding it - in theaters or on VOD - is well worth the effort.
FAIR From the cell block politics, to the crooked authorities supposedly in charge of keeping the peace, Starred Up doesn't pull any punches in its tough and gritty depiction of prison life.
GOOD Boldly and brilliantly made. Starred Up is raw, relentless and riveting.
FAIR It takes some getting used to, but be patient: Within the madness, there's definitely a method, and rewards for the reaping.
FAIR Although the comedy feels as broad as the Atlantic initially, once the main characters are transplanted to Pakistan things look up as the script begins to properly probe the emotional flaws of the characters rather than just opting for cheap laughs.
FAIR Not a perfect film but still entertaining in its own right.
FAIR Once again, it is Puri's commanding presence that holds the film together, though as Sajid, young Aqib Khan has enough natural charm and confidence to make him an endearing scene-stealer.
FAIR Ekes some gentle yuks out of culture clashes and father-son strife.
FAIR It amounts to an amiable enough way to kill a couple of hours, but that's about it.
FAIR It may avoid politics, but something is stirring beneath the fart jokes and biracial blunders.
FAIR Perhaps it doesn't have the novelty of the first film, but it's refreshingly un-parochial, with charm and fun, and Bassett and Puri are reliably excellent.
FAIR West is West is full of delights: Peter Robertson's airy cinematography is casually gorgeous, the Hindi film songs on the soundtrack are delightful, and the acting consistently top-notch.
BAD By trying to do something different with the characters, the film omits much of the good-hearted yet slightly edgy laughter we enjoyed so much the first time round.
BAD The humour has broadened as surely as the vision and human authenticity have narrowed.
BAD With no culture-clash cliche left unplundered, Andy DeEmmony sets his camera to autopilot for a film which never decides who or what it's about.
FAIR It's colourfully shot, with a few witty lines, and pretty watchable. It's just not as good as the original.
BAD Its heart is definitely in the right place. But there's more to comedy than funny accents. And daubing on Eastern profundities like lumpy henna won't cover the cracks.
FAIR It raises and addresses that deep-seated desire engrained in of us all: the sense of belonging and need for identity, without which we fail to really understand ourselves.
BAD Eleven years on but without a great deal more to add, DeEmmony's saga runs out of gas.
FAIR A cross-cultural sequel that's as gently comical as the first was satirical. Despite lashings of Eastern promise, it's as British as a chip butty.
FAIR West Is West is something of a lightweight. Think of all that's happened since 1999. You wouldn't have guessed it from this.
FAIR Enjoyable, emotionally engaging sequel with a witty script and terrific performances from Om Puri and newcomer Aqib Khan, though it's let down by some erratic editing decisions.
FAIR While this sequel isn't as sharply funny as 1999's East Is East, it has some nice things to say about growing up in a multi-cultural society.
GOOD A film of rare courage and power.
GOOD A minor masterpiece--a moving and economical story that profoundly examines the raw truths of fundamentalism.
FAIR Doesn't sufficiently build on its intriguing premise.
BAD Could have made a nice short film, but it tries viewers' patience by having the story stretched to over an hour and a half with little happening.
FAIR For all the Dogme-ordained restrictions to make the film feel "real," it ends up feeling more artificial.
FAIR The least you can say for it is that's it's truly brazen.
FAIR Not bad for a dogme movie.
GOOD Von Trier has proven his self-proclamations of cinematic genius to be true.
FAIR The Idiots suggests that if Danish iconoclast Lars von Trier's filmsare getting tougher, they're also continuing to reward the patient.
FAIR It's one thing to know in your own ego that you're an intrepid cinematic genius. It's quite another thing to be so cocky that you leave flubbed shots in your movie and call it art.
BAD A tedious, pretentious bore.
BAD Has nothing on its mind besides the squirming discomfort of its audience.
GOOD A testament to Von Trier's technical virtuosity that a film shot with crude video equipment in amateurish conditions could be so gorgeous.
GOOD Long but never boring, spiritual but never soggy, this is the brand of big entertainment Hollywood is best at but so rarely does right these days.
GOOD Un buen ejercicio sobre ideas de amor... de muerte y del camino que todos vamos a seguir en algun momento...
FAIR There's a solid 95-minute movie buried somewhere in here.
FAIR El trabajo actoral de Brad Pitt como es una muestra de la incapacidad del director para aprovechar su talento
BAD Brestian (adj.) Bloated, boring, and long-winded, as in "Meet Joe Black is Brestian in scope and to be avoided if you have a weak bladder."
FAIR A sleek, good-looking, and entertaining romance.
FAIR The length does not completely dilute the involving core of the story.
FAIR Taken less as a statement (or prank), though, and more as a series of purely cinematic moments, La Ultima Pelicula is frequently funny and beautiful.
GOOD The film isn't so much about "the end of cinema" as it is about the people who abuse the medium and their subjects for their own political agenda.
FAIR [Its] problems cannot be ignored.
FAIR Covers a lot of ground as it rolls: religion, the toll of war, mortality, what it means to be a man.
FAIR This would be a fitting conclusion to a long and illustrious career.
FAIR Gran Torino is not Eastwood's best film as director or actor but it perfectly encapsulates his onscreen persona and his brilliant directorial career.
GOOD After the clumsy beginning, the deft writing and excellent acting has so sunk you into your relationship with Walt and Sue and Thao that by the end, I loved this movie, but it took a while to snag me.
GOOD Un film pose et d'une grande intelligence emotionnelle qui va au-dela des barrieres des croyances ou des origines pour defendre une tradition tout simplement humaine.
FAIR Take it for what it is: An old guy who gives himself one last juicy role as the flawed, haunted anti-hero, an old guy who's done this so often that he isn't above making himself look silly as well as heroic (he even croons the title song over the ending c
GOOD If this is the end of the road for the Man With No Name, it's a memorable, winning way for him to go out.
FAIR Clint Eastwood has become one of Hollywood's best and most dependable filmmakers.
GOOD ... Starts as one thing, then becomes something else entirely.
FAIR It's as vigorous and entertaining a feature as you could expect from a 78-year-old filmmaker star.
BAD Gran Torino is a smorgasbord of Eastwood's skills as filmmaker -- the good, the bad, and the ugly -- and how well you digest it will depend on your appetite.
FAIR Un film menor en la carrera de Clint Eastwood, pero no por ello falto de interes o poco entretenido. Si efectivamente se trata de la despedida de Eastwood como actor, entonces se trata de una despedida digna y sentida.
GOOD Be sure to have tissues handy for an ending that is guaranteed to elicit sympathetic tears.
BAD Eastwood parece se atrapalhar entre a vontade de contar uma historia protagonizada por uma versao envelhecida de seu Dirty Harry e outra na qual aparentemente interpreta o pobre Sr. Wilson, vizinho e vitima de Dennis, o Pimentinha.
FAIR a mighty entertaining drama, anchored by a cantankerous-yet-appealing performance by Eastwood himself.
FAIR Well worth seeing if only for another great Eastwood performance.
FAIR Seeing the new inclusive Clint shows an old dog can learn new tricks. But like Walt himself, I can't help but prefer Dirty Harry to Caring Clint any day.
FAIR Although the first half feels a little devoid of direction, Eastwood takes out the jump leads and kicks it into life, giving the second half of the film a better pace, vibrancy and gentle humour that makes Gran Torino worth at least one ride.
GOOD Gran Torino is a vastly entertaining star vehicle that manages to reconcile the vigilante ethos of Eastwood's early hits with the more humane values that have been such an appealing facet of his later career.
GOOD Overall this is a masterful piece of storytelling and a film which will rightly be regarded as a classic. Eastwood is on staggering form as an actor and equally inspiring as a director.
GOOD Eastwood is perfect as a growling cur of a man attempting to keep humanity at arms' length. Yet he's lonely, concurrently playing games of 'keep away' and 'notice me.'
FAIR This is still an enjoyably big, brash, macho melodrama, saved from absurdity by Eastwood's cracking performance.
GOOD This wise, likeable and extremely entertaining picture is a must-see. It is already the highest-grossing film in Eastwood's illustrious career.
GOOD Clint decides to do both jobs and again shows he has a mature grasp of film-making. It is an uncomplicated movie which makes its point very clearly.
FAIR In a way it's quite touching that Eastwood still believes a man is never too old to change. One only wishes that Gran Torino were a little more subtle and a little less earnest in its operations.
GOOD The film, about ageing and mortality, racism and redemption, is one of Eastwood's finest: tender, tragic and funny in equal measures.
GOOD You may enjoy Gran Torino as an eccentric mix of violence and violins. This is the story of a man who has little time left and is looking for a respectable exit. The film finds elegance in his attempts to grasp it.
GOOD Simply terrific, enormously watchable and an absolute must for all Eastwood fans. Gotta say it: this film will make your day.
FAIR The comedy-drama on release is actually a rather wise, insightful exploration of family and friendship, violence and vengeance.
FAIR Eastwood's swansong performance provides the glue for a foul-mouthed, funny, deeply un-PC and very likeable drama that toys with Eastwood's image as a macho icon and slowly turns audience expectations on their head.
FAIR What the film aches for is a challenge worthy of the monster Eastwood effortlessly inhabits.
BAD He never manages, though, to penetrate to his character's much-touted depths, and it's left to young non-professionals Vang and Her to infuse the action with a spry, casual liveliness that offsets the film's rickety set-up and pacing.
FAIR If Eastwood and newbie writer Nick Schenck hadn't lost their nerve and fallen back on Hollywood convention at the last moment, the story might have hit home with greater force.
GOOD Relentlessly gripping, wryly funny yet profoundly moving - another movie masterclass from Clint.
FAIR It's a movie for Eastwood fans. Which should mean it's a movie for you.
GOOD Gran Torino features a grand performance by one of the greatest ever movie stars - it's as if Dirty Harry had never been away...
FAIR While Deschanel is the reason to see Winter Passing, her support is nearly impeccable in keeping it from being a one-woman show.
FAIR A strangely moving experience.
FAIR Performances keep the film afloat and focused whenever it threatens to drift.
BAD Unfortunately, this too-dour film can't decide whether it wants to be a comedy or a drama. As a result, it doesn't really work as either.
BAD The comic moments fall flat while the serious stuff often is unintentionally funny.
BAD A film that feels like it will take forever to pass.
FAIR Midway through, Rapp loses momentum, failing to hone in on just what kind of movie he wants to make, and Winter Passing languishes in that no-man's land between tiny, meandering, indie drama and plotted, pointed family melodrama.
FAIR Winter Passing's quirky elements and light comedic touches fail to save it from its dark and lumbering premise.
FAIR This flawed drama about a self-destructive young actress and her reclusive novelist father has its rewards, mainly in some good performances.
FAIR [Zooey] Deschanel carries the heavy and sometimes uneven Winter Passing, which possesses not only a love of language but a moving adoration for the language of love.
FAIR There are intriguing actors and ideas here, but only occasionally do they combine with convincing force.
BAD ...a finding-yourself drama that gets lost in unnecessary character quirks.
GOOD This is the kind of movie routinely dismissed as too slow and quiet by those who don't know it is more exciting to listen than to hear.
FAIR The overall impression is one of: "so what"?
FAIR This could easily slip over into the realm of the melodramatic, but the solid performances keep it from going over the edge (but just barely).
BAD So what we have is a bunch of damaged people acting damaged and trying to get on with lives of quiet desperation. This is generally what's considered art nowadays.
BAD gets by solely on the fact that there's enthusiasm in it, but that enthusiasm never reaches out to embrace the audience.
FAIR Rapp's theatrical past is evident throughout: His strongest scenes tend to be those purely character-driven moments when his sharp dialogue takes precedence over any cinematic action.
BAD And therein lies the chief problem with Winter Passing: there's very little nuance to -- any of the characters in Rapp's meandering narrative, which the first-time director wraps up on an emotionally pat note that doesn't feel earned.
FAIR The best part of Winter Passing -- is the way its random characters connect, like snowflakes bouncing off each other, like words suddenly taking shape on a page.
BAD Rapp plays out the relationships between these superficially drawn characters in an entirely pat manner, yet Deschanel manages to make Winter Passing almost matter. That's real talent.
BAD Underneath the contemplative tone and poetic visuals lies a disappointingly familiar coming-of-age story.
FAIR A portrait of grieving artists, trying to get back to the quotidian business of suffering.
FAIR Unfortunately, as a character, Don -- Roth-like in stature, Salinger-esque in seclusion -- and the angst of a blossoming performer among literary giants is too familiar to feel fresh.
FAIR A little movie that straddles the fence of mediocrity from start to finish, Winter Passing is worth seeing mainly for one reason: Zooey Deschanel.
BAD Adam Rapp's story of an embittered child's homecoming and confrontation with a parent throws off dramatic sparks, but they never flare into a blaze.
FAIR Winter Passing is a classic example of a pedestrian motion picture being lifted out of mediocrity by an arresting lead performance. Zooey Deschanel doesn't just elevate Winter Passing; she carries it.
FAIR Exaggerated drama about emotional disability after a family-fracturing loss provides a performance piece for Deschanel's depth and Will Ferrell's other side.
BAD The film delivers nothing more than a familiar Sundance-style brand of stagy, small-scale drama.
FAIR ...an oddly compelling, beautifully acted drama...
BAD Another in the long string of mediocre films by Taylor.
BAD This is not a male chauvinist's conception of a woman, but her hairdresser's, full of envy, awe and superficial compassion.
BAD The whole movie, indeed, feels longer than it is. It's 15 minutes short of two hours, and still it takes forever to be over.
BAD Shinjuku Incident strains for social significance, but it is too timidly produced to risk depicting any recognizable reality.
BAD Try as he might, strut as he does toward climactic showdowns with ruthless adversaries, [Chan's] character remains an incongruous muddle. Same goes for the movie.
FAIR Fascinating, challenging, occasionally incomprehensible piece of super-realistic filmmaking.
BAD There is one little problem with the Argentine drama Empty Nest, an all-too-convincing film about a man suffering from a middle-aged malaise: Nothing of interest happens.
FAIR Empty Nest is light in tone and sometimes laugh-out-loud funny, and the humour is generally subtle and grown up.
FAIR Burman's fifth feature is too slight and uneven to fully satisfy, even though it does have much of the same wit and insight as Lost Embrace and Family Law, two previous films that earned the director many comparisons to Woody Allen.
GOOD A leisurely, genial look at a man escaping from his insecurities into a surreal fantasy life, keeping the audience guessing what is real, until he floats into maturity.
BAD In the end, it all can't help feeling a little slight, more a pleasant wade into a writer's neurotic playground than a satisfyingly deep dip.
BAD The script doesn't offer anything especially new, but Burman infuses the film with innovative lensing and capable acting that should draw in viewers.
BAD In Empty Nest, a couple is forced to question their identities and relationships now that parenting is not their most immediate concern.
FAIR An Argentinian film that offers some fresh twists and slants on the challenges of middle-age.
BAD The longer the film's fiftysomething playwright watches his marriage wither, his kids grow up and his teeth rot, the more psychological acuity gives way to the usual obsessing over loss and nubile females.
FAIR This sense of unreality, this feeling of being ill at ease in one's surroundings is communicated via Burman's off-kilter, rhythmic filmmaking.
FAIR Empty Nest doesn't offer anything new in the style Ingmar Bergman made so famous, but the film captures your heart thanks to the fine acting of its two main characters and Burman's deft hand.
FAIR Una comedia dramatica algo melancolica sobre la crisis de los 50, desde el punto de vista de un hombre cuyos hijos han dejado el hogar. Estupenda labor de Oscar Martinez.
BAD No amount of thoughtful dissection can make up for the unpleasant, uncomfortable and unnecessary experience of actually sitting through the thing.
FAIR rich in allegorical theme and symbolic imagery, transforming the most banal of materials into miraculous epiphanies... but all too aimlessly hypnotic to get a firm grip on the viewer's attention.
FAIR Reygadas' direction seems to wander from time to time, as when Marcos walks around in the hills for long minutes without a purpose, but he always brings it back home. He's a perplexing, but voraciously talented filmmaker to watch.
BAD Reygadas' artful but ponderous camerawork succeeds only in turning the intimately exploitative ... into something emotionally distant and stupefyingly dull.
BAD he film's pallid emotional tone, which is in sync with the constancy of the dull gray sky overhead, can make it a hard story to embrace.
BAD Insufferably arty, polemic and winkingly provocative.
BAD There is a stillness to the film that is initially fascinating, but it wears thin quickly.
BAD The only battle I had was deciding whether to watch the whole movie or get out while the getting was good. Unfortunately, I opted to stay to see if it got better... it didn't.
FAIR There's more to this controversial and aesthetically cold film than just its explicit sex scenes. Honest.
BAD A spectacular failure, despite further evidence of the director's keen eye and bold cinematic ideas.
FAIR If you dare to see it, prepare for a challenge.
FAIR Reygadas' gift for imagery is undeniable, but for most viewers, Battle in Heaven will offer not enlightenment but frustration.
FAIR ... Reygadas has made a sensationalist picture in which all the sensation is willfully dulled.
FAIR I'd be lying if I didn't say this is one of the more original and piercing films I've seen in awhile.
GOOD A hypnotic, ruminative examination of class, religion, and sexuality in contemporary Mexico, Carlos Reygadas' Battle in Heaven is cinema at its most polarizing.
BAD Overexposed and underdeveloped.
FAIR It's the way in which these 'debased' elements come together in a Christian allegory of sin and redemption that resists easy, reassuring interpretation.
FAIR Reyadas' radical rejection of filmmaking conventions is at first off-putting, but he's able to elicit remarkable performances from the cast of non-professionals while building tension that will hold viewers' attention.
FAIR Ambitious, challenging and exceedingly frustrating.
GOOD Not everyone is going to be willing or able to take this leap of faith, but those who do go along with Reygadas may well feel they have come away having undergone a stunning revelatory experience.
FAIR To say that sacred and profane imagery are daringly juxtaposed here would be seriously understating the case.
BAD At once unmoored and ruthlessly calculating, the Mexican film Battle in Heaven has everything for everyone or perhaps nothing at all.
GOOD Fighting cliche, presenting the most flawed people as sympathetic and occasionally averting his camera eye as his characters neglect the saving of their own souls, Reygadas has made a movie that is itself an ethical dilemma.
FAIR Depicts the spiritual emergency of an amoral man in Mexico City who plunges into despair and turns to sex as a way out of his funk.
BAD Battle In Heaven is a noble effort from Reygadas but not exactly a good one. For such an involving premise, there is not much going on to keep interest.
FAIR Battle In Heaven suffers from an infuriatingly slow pace and a certain air of impenetrable arthouse movie but it's worth persevering with for some striking imagery and some genuinely shocking scenes.
BAD Battle in Heaven is less an example of sophomore slump than it is a jaw-dropping exercise in misguided ambition.
FAIR Inventive throughout, Reygadas' imagery becomes breathtaking in the closing scenes of religious pilgrimage, where Marco's existential crisis is brought to a harrowing head.
GOOD Exquisitely captures the vulnerability not only of youth, but of the male identity.
GOOD When you are an adventure-seeker stuck in that odd transition between early youth and adolescence, few movies resonate more than "Stand by Me."
GOOD Stand by Me is a small, quiet film that walks tall and resonates long after.
GOOD Rob Reiner's bucolic, nostalgic drama is widely agreed to be one of the most successful adaptations of a story by horror master Stephen King.
GOOD Shawshank aside, this is the best non-horror Stephen King adaptation of the bunch.
GOOD It stands, sweet and strong, ribald, outrageous and funny, like its heroes themselves -- a bit gamy around the edges, perhaps, but pure and fine clear through. It's one of those treasures absolutely not to be missed.
FAIR Stand by Me is a film of honorable ambitions severely compromised by a creeping show-biz phoniness.
GOOD Stand By Me is a sentimental film that works because of its unsentimental moments -- in particular, its sometimes embarassingly honest portrayal of what interests boys and how they talk about it.
GOOD Well-crafted coming-of-age tale, now best remembered as the cornerstone of River Phoenix's scant legacy.
FAIR ...a timeless coming-of-age drama.
GOOD A near-perfect coming-of-age story peppered with regret, pain, nostalgia and love.
GOOD Haunting coming-of-age drama; young River Phoenix's presence adds considerable poignancy
GOOD It transports you back, not to the 1950s, but to a time when, like Vern, you knew the important things in life.
GOOD Still powerful Reiner film with great kid actors.
BAD Rob Reiner's direction hammers in every obvious element in an obvious script.
BAD A lot of folks go in for this movie in a big way, but I have a hard time seeing past the cloying comedy and cliched white-guy sentimentality.
GOOD A solid coming of age story that actually improves upon its source material.
BAD Soggy with false sentiment.
GOOD A classic coming of age story with outstanding performances.
GOOD Okay coming of age story. About as solidly middle-brow as they come.
GOOD One of my favorite movies of all time. This film will never fade away.
FAIR Rob Reiner's tale of innocence warms the heart.
GOOD The most important film ever made about Friendship. The young cast are superb
GOOD Classic coming of age movie that stands the test of time.
GOOD An absorbing, touching examination of the loss of innocence that, despite occasionally drifting towards the sappy, undeniably deserves its place in the heart of a generation.
GOOD It's as effective in 2009 as it was upon its initial release, and the richness of its tapestry, densely woven from human emotions and character interaction, ensure it will never lose that relevance.
FAIR The artifice of the setup sometimes clashes with the realism of the portrayal, but if you give it time, the film may grow on you as it did me...
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse. Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie. David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project. He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you are a Harry Potter fan to begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation. If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not quite enough to make this the best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling. (It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before. I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie. Bring back Steve Kloves! Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical. Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film. A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel. Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series. ... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR It's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going...
BAD Despite fine performances, Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message.
BAD After centuries of raping Africa for its resources, now we exploit its misery for our amusement.
BAD Blood Diamond is a movie zircon. It doesn't cut glass, but it cuts plot, character, and credibility. It could be Hotel Rwanda, but instead it's Motel Deep-Six.
FAIR Yes, Blood Diamond is preachy, but it's a sermon we need to hear.
FAIR Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.
BAD Rambo for liberals
GOOD Exciting and compelling, but even more than that, it's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou.
FAIR Zwick's vision outpaces his narrative.
GOOD DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie.
BAD Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article.
GOOD Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography.
FAIR The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou.
FAIR a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
FAIR A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels.
GOOD This is the thinking man's thriller. You want in-depth background? Google it.
FAIR Some will dismiss it as "typical Hollywood", yet that isn't always a bad thing. In so many movies, destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths. But survival is a truth, too, and this film pays it often stirring witness.
FAIR It's DiCaprio's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show.
FAIR While there's some serious sag between the action scenes, this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller.
FAIR In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa, it's the former that wins.
FAIR Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio cannot disguise what is, essentially, an effective, if shallow, exposition of a hugely complex global issue.
BAD The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston.
BAD So bleak and depressing you will never look at a gemstone again without idly wondering how many lives it might have cost.
FAIR Not robust enough to deliver on its early promise.
GOOD If you can ignore Zwick's colonial bombast, Blood Diamond is quite a ride: a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence.
FAIR Slightly too long and not quite as worthy as it thinks it is, this is still an entertaining, well acted thriller that manages to raise some important political issues in between the action sequences.
BAD It doesn't entirely evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of pure action by way of guns and planes, thrills and spills; but it hardly embraces the subject fully either.
FAIR Great performances, provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour.
GOOD in a storytelling strategy rare for [Zwick],we don't find ourselves laden with didactic demands, but, instead, swept up in an exciting narrative, free to process its moral equations on our own
GOOD ... Has a greater purpose, aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone.
GOOD Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror, character development and political activism to make "Blood Diamond" one of most important films to come along in a long time.
BAD Como film de accion y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos, pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de Africa suena frivola y demagogica.
FAIR Um filme bem intencionado que, alem de didatico, funciona como bom exemplar do genero "acao", embora se enfraqueca em funcao de equivocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados.
FAIR Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role.
BAD If ever there were a film that shouldn't end on a note of rhythmic clapping, this is it. What a mess.
BAD Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off, especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick's Blood Diamond.
FAIR It leaves a bitter aftertaste, but perhaps that couldn't be avoided. This isn't a feel-good affair.
GOOD Superb performances and a well told story make The Fighter one of the year's best films.
GOOD Driven by great performances and great characters, this drama is a must-see.
GOOD Acting for the silver screen doesn't get more raw, moving or accomplished than what you see in "The Fighter," that rare film in which every performer in it leaves the viewer in awe.
FAIR While Bale turns in a 5-star performance, his character's story bobs and weaves around Wahlberg's simpler, steady efforts.
BAD This film was supposed to be a crowd-pleaser, but in the end, there's just not a whole lot to be pleased about
FAIR Wahlberg gives a restrained and generous performance, which allows his co-stars Leo and Bale to shine (and win awards).
GOOD a tale told with the deft precision of a talented filmmaker and the enthusiasm of a lead who cares about his subject.
GOOD An excellent cast highlights this stirring boxing drama.
FAIR While the crowd cheered, I didn't want Micky to win the fight. I wanted somebody ... to come along and rescue him from his family's ignorance.
FAIR Russell delivers what we least expect from him: a pro-family film.
GOOD The Fighter deftly manages to be equal parts character drama and sports film without giving short shrift to either. Containing a couple of the best performances of the year it is in turn harrowing and heartwarming.
FAIR ...a boxing movie for people who couldn't care less about boxing.
FAIR Mas que una pelicula sobre boxeo, un drama familiar sobre dos hermanos diferentes, una madre dominante y una posibilidad de redencion y exito. El show se lo roban Christian Bale y Melissa Leo con dos de las mejores interpretaciones del ano.
GOOD Christian Bale - reduced lately to whispering solemnity in the likes of Dark Knight and Terminator Salvation - gets to really cut loose with Dicky in a performance that is sure to give Geoffrey Rush a run for his money on Oscar night.
GOOD With a clutch of Oscar nominations, including nods for Bale, Adams and Leo, The Fighter is a serious contender that connects powerfully.
FAIR Predictable, but solid enough.
GOOD We grow to respect each character's perceptions and forgive their faults, allowing them to win us over in a jubilant finale - a far cry from the schmaltzy The Blind Side.
GOOD As atuacoes grandiosas e marcantes so funcionam por serem ancoradas pela performance centrada e discreta do sempre subestimado Mark Wahlberg.
GOOD Bale, looking rail-thin and wideeyed, has the Oscar nomination and Golden Globe win, but it's Wahlberg who's the more memorable in a less showy role.
GOOD Wahlberg, always so physically solid, is deep inside himself in this role.
GOOD A movie with both brains and brawn and a knockout performance from Bale, The Fighter takes a familiar rags-to-riches story and delivers a feelgood hit.
GOOD Bale steals the movie with a mesmerisingly goofy performance.
GOOD Impressively directed and superbly written, this is an emotionally arresting boxing drama with a quartet of terrific performances from Wahlberg, Bale, Melissa Leo and Amy Adams.
FAIR The Fighter looks at first as if it is going to be a far more interesting movie than the straightforward and even rather undemanding drama we finally get.
FAIR Russell throws so much at the screen that there is little time to make your mind up.
FAIR [A] rickety, unfocused contraption of a film that sputters and chugs along without offering any hint of why its director thought it was worth making.
GOOD This is easily the most shamelessly enjoyable boxing flick since Rocky.
FAIR When is a cliche not a cliche? When the cast of The Fighter delivers it, apparently.
FAIR The film bounces us from one pugilistic or domestic affray to the next, only coming to a near-standstill whenever Wahlberg gets acting space. It goes to show.
FAIR A flawed, frequently ludicrous but overwhelmingly likeable film, old-school to the core and none the worse for it.
GOOD I wouldn't go so far as to call this movie an absolute knockout, but it is certainly well worth a look.
GOOD Dare I say it? It's knockout.
GOOD This is a story about guts: having 'em, trusting 'em, spilling 'em.
GOOD Two very different but equally powerful performances combine to deliver an exhilarating fight-flick that, like its scrappy central character, is impossible not to root for.
FAIR The flaw at The Fighter's heart is the fact that Bale's all over the place. It's a frog-faced, flailing-armed, look at meeee performance that, had it come from Nicolas Cage, would have drawn scorn across the board.
FAIR Wahlberg ensures we stay rooted in Micky's journey, for all the script and fellow performers' broad strokes, cliches and conventionalities, and that we root for the scrapper through every round in the ring.
FAIR The Fighter is an enjoyable underdog-triumphs-over-adversity story.
FAIR All Wahlberg does is stand quietly in the corner, delivering the most authentic, nuanced performance in the film.
GOOD It's a rousing, compassionate, bare-knuckled ride powerful enough to score a KO, while Bale, Wahlberg, Leo and Adams are all award-worthy excellent.
FAIR The Fighter is full of powerful scenes and performances, but in the end, like the character of Micky, it's a bit annoying.
BAD Hurt sells the silliness almost convincingly, but even from such a skillful pitchman it comes out sounding, finally, like junk.
BAD This purported whodunit thriller never solves its main mystery: How and why did this film get made in the first place?
BAD A math- and symbology-tinged thriller adapted by director Alex de la Iglesia, and pitched at a breakneck, didactic clip, absent any sensible, modulated emotional investment in the characters or material.
BAD Disappointing, badly plotted thriller, let down by some dodgy acting, poor direction and a script that makes The Da Vinci Code look like a masterpiece.
BAD The murders are simply chalk marks on a blackboard with no build-up and little fallout.
BAD Not so terrible that you can understand why it's been practically buried by its distributors, but you can get better ridiculous whodunits on TV.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never quite connects than to Jonze actually meeting his grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a coming-of-age film. It's an end-of-innocence film. And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time. You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never having read the book, it must be better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying. It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky... But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never mind the little ones. This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never grew up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year. It's just a pity he didn't make it more accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun? The book was entrancing. The book deserved better. Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it. For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange. But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it. In fact, Wild Things... I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment. It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children. And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
GOOD The film might not be Tarantino's masterpiece but it is his most entertaining and exhilarating effort since Pulp Fiction.
FAIR If you really like movies, chances are you like Tarantino. And if you like Tarantino, chances are you'll like Inglourious Basterds.
BAD A failure so complete that it is infuriating as opposed to merely disappointing
FAIR [It] gets by on typical Tarantino gumption.
GOOD Tarantino's ensemble converses at length in basement taverns and cinema lobbies and war rooms, and the best exchanges are tricky, chesslike psycho-verbal games of subterfuge.
GOOD Vintage Tarantino returns to the big screen and he's brought all his trademark moves with him.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds is naughty, apocalyptic fun -- Tarantino's version of a war movie, with history rewritten to avenge the guilty in ways that satisfy his pop-art cinephilia.
FAIR This film isn't about World War II, it's about World War II movies, as gleefully recounted by a giddy kid who's eaten way too much sugar.
FAIR A work that is experimental, offbeat, and most distinctly of a unique voice is a welcome rarity.
FAIR It's a long but entertainingly showy melodrama full of cineaste jokes, tricksy wordplay and references to film-makers GW Pabst, Leni Riefenstahl and Sergio Leone.
GOOD For all its originality, this hall of mirrors is the closest Tarantino has come to making a film with old-fashioned, movie-movie appeal.
GOOD Although the actors are flawless, it is Tarantino whose name will go hand in hand with the film -- he is by the modern definition of the word an "auteur."
GOOD With Inglourious Basterds, he's managed to make a movie that will polarise more than ever; its lack of immediacy will frustrate casual audiences; its unfocused story will likely upset the QT hardcore.
GOOD There will be blood.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds not only knows that it is a fictional movie, but also that it is being watched by an audience, and herein lays its greatest achievement.
GOOD Dialogue is sharp, the imagery mesmerizing and both come together to create a wildly entertaining film. Impossible to watch without wanting to be a Basterd yourself.
GOOD WWII revamped Quentin Tarantino style, Inglourious Basterds succeeds as the ultimate fantasy revenge story, a Kill Hitler which stands as one the best works in the career of its influential filmmaker.
FAIR Tarantino is at times like a flamboyant, egomaniacal orchestra conductor, gesticulating wildly and turning to the audience to make sure we know that the show's about him.
FAIR Despite some of the scenes dragging on too long, Inglourious Basterds is still a lot of fun, altering history for the better as the Nazis feel the force of redemption.
GOOD Shows how most of us turn to film for both fantasy escape and an avenue to make the abstract past tangible, enough to even possibly, and powerfully, replace actual history.
GOOD Tarantino's World War II epic is both bloody and talky.
GOOD Tarantino's visual style and flare for the fantasy make for an intriguing and colorful World War II drama.
GOOD Un divertido disparate sobre tema serio que es, en definitiva, una celebracion y reivindicacion del cine como espectaculo. Gran trabajo del austriaco Christoph Waltz en el papel de Hans Landa.
FAIR Nao importando a qual genero pertencam ou que historia estejam contando, os filmes de Quentin Tarantino giram primordialmente em torno de duas coisas: o Cinema e o amor que o diretor sente por este.
GOOD Hitler is introduced in a cape like a comic-book villain, so moral relativism clearly isn't part of the plan. With its intentionally brash rewriting of history, Inglourious Basterds is what Quentin Tarantino's back-half of Grindhouse should've been.
BAD Running With Scissors is a schizophrenic film. It simply doesn't know what it wants to be %u2014 a witty and wacky satire, or a serious and heartfelt drama.
FAIR The first half rolls along like an excitable child hoping to entertain with each new stunt. But it loses the book's dark humour. Running with Scissors? More like a stumble.
BAD Running With Scissors has a great cast and an appropriately chaotic nature, but it never really adds up to anything and fails to hit its emotional targets.
BAD Well-acted by the superb ensemble cast but there just isn't a likeable character amongst them to care about.
BAD We can really feel writer-director Murphy straining for both wacky hilarity and touching emotion. And never quite getting there.
BAD Running With Scissors is alternately grating and boring, as deadly a combo as one could imagine sitting through for two unendurable hours.
FAIR This may be Annette Bening's finest screen work ever.
BAD This has been watered down to be more like Walking with Plastic Spoons.
GOOD It's a film about dreams, about gurus and disciples, about self-centered people destroying each other. Yes, it can make you laugh, but it breaks your heart at the same time.
BAD Running With Scissors loses its edge because we want to see more of Baldwin and less of everyone else.
BAD To cut to the chase, Burroughs' movie memoir runs out of inspiration before he takes a stab at adulthood.
BAD when all is said and done, the reaction of most viewers to 'Scissors' is more likely to be 'huh?' than it is 'ha ha.' The longer the movie goes on, the weaker its grasp on the emotions becomes.
BAD Murphy's take on Burroughs' hellish childhood is tonally fractured, unleavened with black-as-pitch gallows yuks and -- very nearly its saving grace - a series of performances that pitch and yaw between 'normal' and utterly mad.
BAD As dysfunctional family movies go, this is one skip. It doesn't just run with the scissors, it falls on them.
BAD I've often wondered how Burroughs' scathing ruminations would translate to the big screen and now I know: not that well.
BAD Running With Scissors fails to make the cut.
BAD As brought to the screen by writer-director Ryan Murphy, Running with Scissors works best in the opening scenes when Augusten is still very young.
GOOD Bening, who took a break from acting for a few years to raise her children, is absolutely perfect as a Valium-slowed walking time bomb.
FAIR Running with Scissors looks great, and works fine when Bening is on screen; otherwise, it's off-balance, teetering where it should hold steady.
FAIR Based on the nimbly-written, hilarious, moving and terrifying best-selling Augusten Burroughs memoir, it's a tale that incorporates drug addiction, pedophilia, mental illness, the ordeal of surviving a nightmare childhood.
BAD Uneven. Haphazard. Spirit-deflating.
GOOD The gang in this oddly entertaining film makes The Royal Tenenbaums and The Addams Family appear as normal as Ozzie and Harriet.
BAD If the book was deadpan, the movie is more -- or less -- dead.
BAD This is an Igby Goes Down without the laughs, a morbid miscalculation of The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou size.
BAD Episodic, shallow and so bizarre that it's almost surreal.
BAD The film trips over its willy-nilly story line and falls on its own blade.
FAIR What worked on the page for countless readers feels fey and slight in a film that is as dominated by Bening's performance as this young boy apparently was by his mother.
BAD Anyone who has watched 10 minutes of Nip/Tuck knows [director] Murphy is adept at cramming all sorts of weirdness into a couple of hours, but in Running With Scissors he turns out to be inexplicably squeamish.
BAD This film promises black comedy, outrageous effrontery and sizzling satire. And for about 20 minutes it delivers.
FAIR It's one of the most clear-headed -- and twistedly entertaining -- views of drug dependency and insanity I've ever seen.
BAD Running with Scissors feels like nothing more than one of the many current TV series that appeal to viewers looking for edgy entertainment.
BAD Running With Scissors is mostly quirks. This adaptation of Augusten Burroughs' questionable memoir tries hard to be edgy and different -- but it tries too hard.
FAIR A mood-swinging, often amusing version of Augusten Burroughs' tart, best-selling memoir.
GOOD A compelling and memorable drama, via Stanley Kramer.
BAD The main problem with the film is that inherent to most play adaptations: it's too talky and static, with most of the responsibility for story development left to explanatory dialog.
BAD Mr. Van Dyke's performance, though extremely sympathetic, is hard to assess. He worries and suffers, but the film finds nothing vital in his ordeal.
BAD In its relentlessly old-fashioned way, The Runner Stumbles has a sort of dramatic persistence: It's not great, but it's there.
BAD Third Person has a number of distinct themes at work, manifested through characters and plots that are a mixed bag of believable and baffling.
BAD When we reach our finale you can't help but feel somewhat detached and uninvolved in this title.
BAD Third Person suffers from a script that fails to hook you in during its opening section and drags on without sufficient emotional connection for 137 minutes.
BAD This handsome looking film feels old-fashioned and stodgy.
FAIR In its lesser moments, the film seems as banal and manipulative as any afternoon TV soap. Another way of looking at the film is as Haggis's own very idiosyncratic and intimate essay.
BAD What is it with Paul Haggis? Has he forgotten how to tell a simple story?
BAD What does it all mean? Not very much, I suspect, with the cast sombrely delivering lines about trust and frailty while starring broodily into the middle distance.
BAD The larger edifice feels distinctly jerry-built and, sure enough, when nudged sharply in the final scenes it comes crashing disastrously about the director's ears.
BAD Unsurprisingly, the stores come together in a hurried final stretch...but you really rather wish they'd never started.
BAD It's a deeply dubious luxury-tourist fantasy about parallel lives in various foreign hotel rooms, and it shows a very strange need to punish and humiliate its female characters.
BAD An interminable illusive boondoggle with clunky turns and a flat, uninspiring reveal.
BAD It's couture misery: dress by Valentino, watch by Breitling, lingering sexual regrets model's own.
BAD If Crash set your teeth on edge, book in at the dentist's before seeing this one.
FAIR Everything gets just too damn convoluted for its own good, and it's hard to care what becomes of Haggis' characters as they're shifted around.
BAD Avoid at all costs.
FAIR There are moments when this three-strand drama almost ascends to the emotional resonance of writer-director Paul Haggis' Oscar-winning 2004 movie Crash.
GOOD As taken as I was with the first three quarters of the movie, by the end I felt like throwing something at the screen. Or rather, at the tiny man behind the screen: Haggis, the great and terrible.
BAD 'Third Person' takes place in New York, Paris and Rome, but what it offers moviegoers is a trip to Dullsville.
FAIR The stories on their own are compelling enough, and the ridiculously stacked cast has an otherwise solid screenplay to work with.
FAIR Here is another example of how multiple stories can mystify and challenge you while one story might be written off as too simple.
BAD The tasteful austerity of style and solid performances can't overcome a script that largely stands between emotional humanity and the viewer.
FAIR A glorious failure -- and one that's beautifully produced and acted. More than that, however, it's a bold film and an idiosyncratic work of great ambition and personal integrity.
BAD Puzzling and implausibly fractious, it requires interminable patience and forgiveness.
BAD Third Person' echoes writer-director Paul Haggis' Oscar-winning "Crash" &#9472; weakly.
BAD "Third Person" is such a solipsistic, navel-gazing creation that it seems to have barely made it out of Haggis' mind and onto the screen.
BAD When you cast Liam Neeson as your on-screen avatar, you're not exactly raking yourself over the coals.
BAD It's all, I'm sorry to say, a melodramatic slog.
BAD I keep rooting for an Olivia Wilde breakout - Drinking Buddies was close - but she seems to always be a bright spot in a mediocre project
BAD The dreary "Third Person" could also legitimately be called "Help, I'm Trapped in a Literary Conceit."
BAD "Third Person" doesn't lack for ambition, and it's nice to see Neeson in the kind of role that he excelled at before he morphed into an action star. But the film may have some folks wishing they'd bought a ticket to "Transformers 4" instead.
BAD Even when Haggis seems to acknowledge that he actually has nothing to say, he does so in the most obnoxious, smug way he can.
BAD Haggis is not a subtle filmmaker. He leaves no agency for the audience, and his facile construction of this story is condescending at best.
FAIR Third Person falls into a kind of fugue state. The lines between characters become blurred, their respective losses and heartbreaks dissolving into a melancholy vapor. Or vapidity. Take your pick.
FAIR "Third Person" staggers well over the two-hour mark only to self-destruct in a burst of overwrought cleverness.
BAD The look of the film is gorgeous, the actors inhabit their roles convincingly, and its artistic aims are higher than most. Still, I can't endorse the self-consciously clever result.
BAD The latest Paul Haggis feature aims to be mysterious and enigmatic, but is instead a disjointed mess, hampered by a confounding ending that cheats the audience of any sort of satisfying emotional resolution.
GOOD It's a testament to "Elah's" stoicism that the heartbreak at how dishonesty undoes decades of dignity pierces without ever patronizing. It's an unforgettable, angry film that understands several simple thank-yous can trump eruptive, emotive speeches.
FAIR In the Valley of Elah is a powerful, emotional indictment of what contemporary war can do to young men. It is a potent moral tale. This is not your father's war.
FAIR Jones's performance is quiet, intense, and stunning.
GOOD Un drama detectivesco conmovedor que termina siendo un alegato contra la guerra mas contundente que cualquier discurso pacifista.
FAIR It's a quality film, but all the truly emotional moments come from watching and listening to the soldiers, which doesn't really happen until the very end.
GOOD It is extraordinary that a film this muted could resonate with a message this strong.
GOOD This is a beautiful film hiding the terrible truth that is the horror of war.
FAIR [Jones] makes the father's pride, determination, stubbornness, patriotism, and love extremely, utterly believable, sympathetic, and involving.
GOOD Will hopefully be appreciated years from now when the Iraq war is looked upon by many as a war that revealed to its citizens what America has truly become...
FAIR ...a good mystery, with some thought-provoking observations on the effects of war on the hearts and minds of its participants.
GOOD Where Lions For Lambs stumbled, Haggis' latest succeeds in putting dramatic form to the disquiet over US policy. Tommy Lee Jones' performance, meanwhile, is impressive enough to make him a decent bet in this year's Oscar race.
GOOD A sombre condemnation of US foreign policy, wrapped in an absorbing whodunit.
GOOD Jones' Oscar-nominated performance is impeccably judged. His low-key turn as a man forced to question everything from the kind of father he was to the nature of the country he fought for could be the contender to give Daniel Day-Lewis a run for his money.
FAIR A powerful, imperfect drama let down by the playground polemic of a country still sending its children to be slaughtered overseas.
GOOD Powerful, downbeat drama with an anti-war message.
GOOD Tense, powerful and considerably less crass than Crash, Elah may be jammed with ideas that don't all connect, but Jones' devastating performance makes this a compassionate and very human look at the Iraq conflict.
GOOD Uma obra que se propoe a discutir varios temas relevantes, fazendo-o com certa eficacia.
GOOD Has numerous levels that go far beyond a whodunit, asking us to look at familial ties, gender roles and relations, and the interactions of military and civilian worlds.
GOOD Haggis draws sensitive performances from his cast while asking provocative, important questions.
BAD Excellent turns cannot make this plodding package any more of a bludgeoning chore to sit through.
BAD It's harder to tell if In the Valley of Elah is critical of the war in Iraq or what America itself has become.
BAD Despite an Oscar-worthy, compelling performance by Tommy Lee Jones, Haggis' anti-war film ... overplays its hand.
GOOD After the potent final image of In the Valley of Elah faded to black, I had that very special tingle I get when I know I've just seen a great movie.
FAIR ...what saves it from ponderousness is the fine acting...
FAIR A well-made issue movie; but a little too dense and structured
FAIR features some fine acting and a touchstone subject matter, but I wasn't nearly as impressed as I thought I would be by a film with this pedigree.
FAIR I'm happy to have found quiet, slow-burning Elah the better Middle East movie of the week (despite the "Oh no he dih-int!" ending).
FAIR Elah is in the strange position of being a not wholly successful film that nonetheless should be seen.
GOOD One of the most powerful films I've seen in years.
BAD Postwar is hell!
GOOD Walking a razor-wire fence, [Writer/Director Paul] Haggis honors Americans serving their country while lacerating the military mindset that got them there.
FAIR ...one of those near misses that have enough things going for it - like the performances of Jones and Theron - that you may be willing to forgive the films its flaws.
GOOD It's when the investigation sorts out the knowable (what happened?) and then moves into the unknowable (why?) that "Elah" moves beyond genre and becomes one of the year's best films.
GOOD Attempts to depict the manner in which the specter of war can follow a soldier back to civilization and inform every subsequent decision and action.
GOOD Academy Award season is offically underway with the release of Paul Haggis' hard-hitting drama, exploring the emotional wreckage of the war in Iraq.
FAIR Mostly effective, if not altogether imaginative.
GOOD Haggis' camera hovers over Jones' craggy face as if it were the lunar lander looking for a smooth spot to land. There is no virgin terrain on Jones' weathered face, just creased landscape that could be headed for another well-deserved Oscar nomination.
FAIR Wearing its holier than thou attitude on its blood-soaked sleeves, In the Valley of Elah is the most underhanded, backdoor anti-war film ever attempted.
BAD The movie isn't nearly as obvious or redundant as writer-director Paul Haggis's previous film, the Oscar-winning Crash, but it still feels like the work of someone trying too hard to enlighten you.
FAIR ...a good but not classic movie of a good but not classic novel.
FAIR Entirely too epic for its own good.
BAD Forster na synehizei na psahnei ti Hora toy Pote stin paramythenia Kampoyl toy protoy meroys, prin perasei sto deytero kommati tis istorias, opoy i prospatheia toy Afganoy metanasti na brei thesi sto Neo Kosmo kai bima na pei tis istories toy, ginetai syn
FAIR Es un poco inevitable sentir que la pelicula transcurre casi como un tramite, sin permitirle al espectador una aproximacion mucho mas sensible a la historia.
FAIR A skilfully made and subtly powerful film, with a disarmingly human protagonist whose efforts seem all the more real, given his weaknesses and the movie's authentic feel.
FAIR The two young boys are definitely the highlight of the film. Their friendship is truly felt, which makes the tragedy that befalls Hassan all the more powerful.
FAIR The Kite Runner is solid and competently made, but then those are words one always uses when a piece of art falls short of greatness.
GOOD A heart-wrenching tale of lost friendship and redemption, "The Kite Runner" is as memorable as a movie as it is a novel.
GOOD Uma admiravel montanha-russa emocional.
FAIR The Kite Runner is a film that both soars like its kite metaphor on the air currents of good storytelling, and falls to earth when its credibility is cut out from under it.
GOOD Alternately chilling and thrilling, The Kite Runner tugs at some emotional strings not often yanked with such frankness.
GOOD The Kite Runner is a curiosity in that it is a film driven almost entirely by its story, to the point that all the actors - save the fiercely patriarchal Homayoun Ershadi as Amir's father- seem purely functional, if not negligible.
GOOD ...the film is entertaining with superb acting, But a far cry from making the impact that the book did. Why it minimizes the brutality of the Taliban is mystifying.
FAIR Forster's self-important direction submarines a film that begins well, but slips into melodrama and plods towards anti-climax.
BAD It's a brutal second act, really.
GOOD Perhaps he might have been tougher but that might have rendered the film less digestible.
FAIR Based on Khaled Hosseini's highly regarded novel, this story of exile, ambition and betrayal has an emotional power that outstrips its occasional implausibilities.
FAIR A cracking final 20 minutes leave you realising what an evil bunch of idiots the Taliban really are.
FAIR A workmanlike, if decaffeinated version of Khaled Hosseini's bestselling novel.
GOOD The third of the film given to the boys' childhood adventures is excellent, both kids fully convincing as pals who'll never part.
GOOD An enthralling piece of cinema.
GOOD Showcasing a welcome lack of big-budget attitude, The Kite Runner makes up for its small flaws with an engaging, thought-provoking story and a willingness to tackle some very dark issues.
FAIR It would take a viewer with the aesthetic skills of an Olympian to overcome the horrendous hurdles placed in entertainment's way by this well-meaning but misguided adaptation of the famed bestseller.
GOOD The film deftly spans the cruelty of Afghan history, from the Soviet invasion to Taliban desolation.
FAIR The film's belief in the power of redemption and its subtle assertion of the need for moral courage in personal (or political) conflict, is never allowed to get in the way of its boldly told, intelligent, informed and affecting story.
GOOD Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a moving emotional drama with strong performances from its two young leads.
GOOD An engaging melodrama whose less convincing plot points are superseded by some astonishingly affecting performances from the mostly unknown cast.
FAIR [The filmmakers] sensitively handle the breakdown of Amir and Hassan's friendship [and] grasp the tension between the hardship of those who remained in Afghanistan and the guilt of those who fled.
FAIR Afghanistan is a nation tortured by history, but the core feeling in The Kite Runner is heartburning love of the place, its proud people and dusty, rugged beauty.
FAIR Director Marc Forster and screenwriter David Benioff fail to capture the full impact of Khaled Hosseini's mega-best seller The Kite Runner.
FAIR A respectful adaptation of Khaled Hosseini's 2003 novel.
FAIR The Kite Runner is actually a lyrical and understated portrait of life's journey come full circle, within the context of the immigrant experience.
FAIR Some plot turns in The Kite Runner feel predictable and contrived, but there's nothing false about the film's overall redemptive flight.
BAD The Kite Runner is earnest and sentimental and formulaic and obvious. Watching it, I could understand the fuss over Khaled Hosseini's bestselling novel, but the film didn't make me want to read it.
BAD Aside from being vile and repellent, it's mainly dull -- old-fashioned in its shock tactics and culminating in a ho-hum climax.
FAIR Mother of Tears may not stand tall in Argento's body of viscera-laden work, but this final chapter of a loosely defined trilogy is refreshingly old school in its trashiness.
BAD Mother of Tears puts a dent in Argento's rep as a horror maestro.
BAD I wanted this to be great. Hell, I would have settled for just above average. This just sucks. All of the key elements are in place -- a solid story, great gore F/X, good sound work ... everything except Dario.
FAIR We come to an Argento picture for the surreal, Baroque imagery, and though much here fits those descriptions, there's a great deal of it that's also quite gaudy and goofy and, dare I say, campy.
BAD Should be locked away for the sake of mankind.
BAD A real shame.
GOOD Just as twisted, surprising and gruesome as anything that Argento has given us in the past and a more than worthy successor to its two predecessors.
BAD A gruesome drama enacted by a cast that speaks English with a bewildering variety of accents, Mother of Tears is reliably gruesome and occasionally startling but not particularly scary.
BAD Asia Argento's outright horrendous performance ruins what could have been a decent B-movie.
FAIR The visuals are vibrant and fans of Argento's bravura bloodletting will thrill to his imaginative use of pikes, entrails and his daughter, who performs a shower scene for Dear Old Dad.
FAIR No, this film doesn't make a ton of sense but it is highly entertaining. An insane, delirious bloodbath.
BAD A crude, artless bogey tale. Attempts to position it as a camp masterpiece are misguided and condescending,
BAD The gore is simply midnight-movie disgusting. And the ending is rushed and flat -- as if it had been tacked on by another hand.
BAD The film lacks the visual class of previous Argento efforts and relies more on shocks than suspense.
BAD Much of this spooky-spirits-in-Rome chiller is by the numbers.
FAIR Although The Mother of Tears teeters on the preposterous and awkward, it is diverting and reveals that the filmmaker's signature bravura flourishes and use of sinister settings are still intact.
FAIR It's hard to find lines and performances like Mother of Tears outside of anything that doesn't come with a XXX rating.
FAIR Mother of Tears transcends camp without forsaking it. Argento pitches the proceedings toward the ridiculous (his pacing is as perfect as some of the witches' breasts are fake) but only in the name of reaching a new cheesy sublime.
BAD This long-awaited final offering about the apocalyptic second sacking of Rome by an unholy pack of demons gets lost in the back alleys of '70s-era Italian horror films and unconvincing Cinecitta Studio sets.
GOOD ...Silly, awkward, vulgar, outlandish, hysterical, inventive, revolting, flamboyant, titillating, ridiculous, mischievous, uproarious, cheap, priceless, tasteless and sublime.
GOOD Hitting the ground running and never giving up for 90 nasty minutes, Mother of Tears is Dario Argento's final statement on his precedent as the definitive Delacroix of dread.
FAIR So logically impaired, so clumsily written and so haphazardly designed that it's a sheer delight.
BAD not nearly enough action and gore, and there's far too much time spent on uncovering secrets and tracking down random tidbits
FAIR The final installment of filmmaker Argento's Three Mothers series, this rollicking scarefest boasts roving bands of leggy witches, blundering priests, and voices from Beyond.
FAIR A fascinating effort in '70s horror nostalgia, or proof that they don't make them like they used to for good reason.
BAD Dario Argento's ketchupy brand of horror hasn't aged well, nor have his sexual politics. Enjoyably campy at first, then offensive and ultimately just bad.
BAD A kinky alternative to The Da Vinci Code for conspiracy theorists with cast iron stomachs.
FAIR What gives Listen up Philip an edge is its willingness to defy this convention.
BAD There's something amiss here, something that Eric Bogosian's frequent voiceover intrusions can't adequately explain, even when spelling out Philip's and others' inner thoughts and feelings.
FAIR Schwartzman is perfectly cast as self-absorbed novelist Phillip Lewis Friedman in this mumblecore infused talker.
BAD If Philip showed a bit of personality beyond being a boor and a bore, he might be worth almost two hours of attention.
FAIR Assuming provocation is the film's mission, consider it accomplished, even if it's not always original, or pleasant.
FAIR Perry's acerbic sense of the literary/academic lifestyle - which, oddly enough, involves less actual writing and teaching than drinking and "thinking" - is both exceptionally funny and deeply sad.
FAIR Incisive, brutal and often very funny.
GOOD Why would anyone want to spend time with these people? Because they're fools with great gifts, and Perry almost lovingly explores the gulf between the beauty with which they create and the smallness with which they live.
GOOD The creative elite of New York are always a prime target for satire -- so much money, yet so much malaise -- but they're rarely hit as mercilessly as in Alex Ross Perry's Listen Up Philip.
FAIR You know those movies about an abrasive curmudgeon who, in the end, redeems himself and becomes a caring person? "Listen Up Philip" is emphatically not one of those movies.
GOOD This is the closest any film has come to apprehending Roth's fiction.
GOOD Alex Ross Perry follows his impressive The Color Wheel with this magnificently observed study of people trapped in uncomfortable spaces with one another.
FAIR Written and directed by Alex Ross Perry, Listen Up Philip looks like the kind of movie film classes would study in the 1970s.
GOOD But while you'd think audiences would barely even register a cad any more, two new movies - 'Listen Up Philip' and 'Force Majeure' - resurrect the breed with leading men who are almost impossible to empathize with, but compelling nonetheless
BAD How you respond to "Listen Up Philip" might depend on how you respond to a complex, intelligent but thoroughly annoying person who gets up in your face at a party.
GOOD Writer-director Perry has made a bracing and very Roth-y study of ambition and itchy literary yearning.
GOOD "Listen Up Philip" works as satire, but it's also as big and messy as one of its novelists' novels.
BAD "Listen Up Philip" wants to say something meaningful about human relationships. But like a frustrated writer staring at a blank piece of paper, the words just never appear.
GOOD Uncomfortable? Sure. But it's also kind of fantastic.
FAIR A spiky movie about the pointlessness of pettiness.
GOOD Gives itself the challenge of making us care about a repugnant ass, and succeeds brilliantly. I loved that this film zigs rather than zagging
FAIR Shot in a 1970s, John Cassavettes style with hand-held cameras and lots of beautiful film grain, Listen Up Philip is often funny and fascinating.
FAIR The movie works on a couple of levels at once, being not only a Rothian story, but a kind of story about Roth - or any writer who's sometimes found it easier to focus on pages than people.
FAIR The film's chief delight -- and it is, for the most part, quite delightful and quirky -- lies in these marginal characters.
GOOD Darkly humorous at times and deeply somber at others, Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter is an ambitious film that feels no need to over tell their chosen story.
FAIR A fine and original movie that touches on a damaged lead character with grace. And, duh, Fargo fans should be especially intrigued.
GOOD I'm thankful real life is not governed by Coen Bros.' omniscience.
GOOD If Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter takes its time, it's time worth taking.
FAIR In the title role, Kikuchi is impressive, easily handling Kumiko's comic and more somber sides and never allowing us to settle into a single or simple interpretation of the character.
GOOD If you're in the mood for something different, you're in luck: "Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" takes elements of the traditional quest story into completely new places.
GOOD A haunting, fantasy adventure for the ages in one of this century's most breathtaking independent films.
FAIR The Zellner Brothers' Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is as strange, surreal, and darkly funny as it is ultimately tragic.
FAIR Fans of obscure cinema will fall in love with this beautiful, cryptic, and outstanding treasure hunting pilgrimage. The more you think about Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter the more treasure you find buried within the film.
FAIR It's a strange movie, and perhaps not all that easy to love, but if the filmmakers had gone straight for "lovable," then they might have ruined the unique spell they have cast.
GOOD Surprising, mystical film about lonely woman on a mission.
FAIR An intriguing indie and certainly one-of-a-kind. The Coen Bros. likely would approve.
FAIR The simplicity of the setup works, so perhaps all of this layering -- of truth and legend and flights of fancy -- is an unnecessary burden here.
FAIR As portraits of mental illness go, "Kumiko" is slender but even-handed, neither romanticizing its heroine's mania nor tipping into melodrama or horror.
GOOD "Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" is a supple combination of Little Red Riding Hood adventure, ironic road film and cross-cultural confusion.
GOOD ...a beautiful, chilly odyssey.
GOOD A truly mystifying human puzzle.
GOOD It's a beautiful and provocative film that will stick with you long after it's over.
BAD The film's steady accumulation of little quirks - such as the fact that Kumiko has embroidered her treasure map on a piece of fabric, using a freeze-frame from "Fargo" as a template - soon grow tedious.
BAD The specifics of this movie are engaging, but the big picture stays buried.
FAIR Kikuchi brought humanity to the robots-vs.-monsters action of Pacific Rim in a small supporting role, and she ups that much more with the meek title character of Kumiko ...
FAIR Strange as it sounds - and is - Kumiko comprises a lingering display of empathy for its heroine, marching stridently on through her own peculiar headspace.
GOOD She's a loner with a singleminded, completely absurd mission... And the film goes along with her, right to the curious end.
FAIR The title of the movie seems to promise adventure, and the movie does deliver that, though not in the conventional manner.
FAIR The beauty of Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter comes from the Zellners treating a silly, whimsical premise with utmost seriousness.
FAIR The innovative look. . .of thrusting actors directly into archival photographs, . .the primary reason to see the film, is particularly striking. . .as visual authenticity.
BAD The film feels like an animated Wikipedia page, just sort of running through the greatest hits of Lincoln's life in office - the Emancipation Proclamation! Gettysburg! The Theater! - without any real insight.
BAD A bold visual feat undermined by an overstuffed, cold and shallow screenplay and awkward theatrical performances.
BAD Under even the best of circumstances, Saving Lincoln would have to inevitably face the scrutiny of potential redundancy.
BAD This simulated, caricatured curiosity is another Lincoln log that's recommended primarily for history-buffs.
BAD Note to filmmakers: Just because you can do something doesn't necessarily mean you should do it.
BAD Comes off like a View-Master version of a tale already told.
BAD Litvak's shoestring production sketches in episodes from Lincoln's entire administration, including a strange "Dixie'' singalong on the White House steps to mark the end of the war.
BAD Like a movie-watching day in class that makes you miss the thrilling rhetoric of a lecture.
FAIR A fresh take on The Great Emancipator from the point-of-view of a trusted companion who had been at the President's side at Gettysburg and for many historical moments but not on the day he died.
GOOD Silly, but lots of fun for older teens.
FAIR The film is as clever as it is silly, more warmhearted than sentimental and just as irreverent as it is nostalgic.
GOOD Cartoonish but clever, with the bulk of the fun coming when Wilson's wry wit meets Stiller's impatient officiousness head-on. Sophomoric, yet probably the best of the recent TV retreads.
GOOD Not exactly politically correct, but you'd be hard pushed to find a single mean frame.
FAIR Todd Phillips strikes nostalgic gold, squeezing just enough comedy out of the buddy cop formula to keep it afloat during its brisk 95-minute runtime.
BAD Had the script actually had a direction it would've helped.
FAIR A pleasant diversion that vanishes from your mind right after you watch it.
BAD Though the gags aren't always funny, I usually had a smile on my face.
BAD People were laughing at my screening, but I couldn't understand what it was they were laughing at.
FAIR A humorous but ultimately unsatisfying comedy.
BAD This movie doesn't even deserve to stand next to the crummiest of Starsky and Hutch TV episodes.
FAIR ...inoffensive, sometimes charming, and often irritatingly dull. Its satirical jabs are aimed at easy targets, its jokes repetitious or redundant, its pacing a little slow.
GOOD Stiller e Wilson certamente ja provaram ser capazes de originarem uma franquia baseada nao em personagens, mas em suas proprias personalidades.
FAIR If you like Stiller and Wilson, you'll find enough to like about this film. If you don't, you can always just gawk at that awesome car.
GOOD If you never saw the TV show, you'll still laugh.
FAIR The film takes a bad but beloved 1970s TV series and transforms it into an experience of almost transcendent silliness.
BAD Would the producers please just get out of the way and let Todd Phillips direct the darn movie?
FAIR ...the movie doesn't take any of its material seriously-a big plus-and the alertness of the characters usually results in some scenes of hilarious comic value...
BAD Any resemblance between the original -- and fun! -- 1970's TV series and this in-name-only Todd Phillips's dud is entirely accidental.
GOOD If you're a fan from back in the day, seeing that Red and White-striped Gran Torino in action once again will have you leaving the theater with a grin on your face.
FAIR Big on potential, short on really big laughs, it's a buddy cop comedy which coasts on the charisma and chemistry of its stars.
GOOD Stiller and Wilson are perfectly cast and work beautifully together...
FAIR Many of the gags here are hit or miss, but Wilson and Stiller's unflappable charm and the obvious fun they're having translates into precious little witlessness.
FAIR Starsky and Hutch" did what it set out to do - make me laugh.
FAIR Something we seldom expect (or get) in the creatively bankrupt trend of adapting moldy old TV shows for the big screen: funny.
FAIR This is a gentle nod to the television series.
FAIR Phillips pushes for laughs more than the show did, but still manages a weird mix of comedy, serious crime fighting and irony inside the scariest fashion decade of all time.
FAIR There is a comic-book devouring, Playboy-stashing adolescent male heart thumping rather sweetly at the core of this homage-spoof.
FAIR Le film offre de nombreux moments amusants.
BAD "The movie's chronically flaccid humor is exceedingly tame and pointedly inoffensive."
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
BAD So-so amalgam of cop procedural and werewolf mayhem.
BAD Fans of Taylor may like this, but they would have to be a group with amazingly low standards.
GOOD Hilariously ghastly camp that rivals the likes of Valley of the Dolls or Mommie Dearest with its wild, no-holds-barred over-the-top lunacy.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
GOOD Horn dives into one of the most complex character's I've seen created for a child and shakes loose.
GOOD Eric Roth's nimble screenplay and composer Alexandre Desplat's delicate score also help solidify "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" as one of the best movies movies of 2011
BAD Oskar expounds to excess, a problem that becomes worse as time drags on and is particularly excruciating during the one-way verbal dialogues with Von Sydow
BAD An irritating 130-minute dripathon.
BAD This adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's 9/11 novel is long, shallow and unconcealed in its efforts to make you cry.
BAD Probably one of the most exploitative and heavy handed films concerning 9/11 I've ever seen.
GOOD It is the best of the 9 films nominated for the Best Picture Oscar.
GOOD ...there's nothing very special about Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, other than the remarkable Max von Sydow and a preternaturally alert performance by young Thomas Horn
BAD ...threatens to make the momentous trite.
FAIR The mysteries aren't that mysterious and some may have a hard time embracing its abrasive hero.
BAD When it was finally over, I found myself not just disappointed, but a little annoyed. Frankly, it seems more than a little like a cheat.
BAD Es uno de esos raros ejemplos en que el original literario es visualmente mucho mas rico que su version cinematografica. Lo mejor es su protagonista, el increible Thomas Horn.
FAIR Despite indulgences it works well because there is a really nice message that lies at the heart of the film. When our energies are all directed towards good, amazing things can happen.
FAIR I knew after I came out of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close that I had been manipulated, but I didn't feel it mattered because the film told a story about a grieving family which had weight.
GOOD I can see why some might find the film sickly or overly sentimental, even a little forced, but it worked well enough on me to have me wiping away a few tears.
BAD Its louder is better approach is just too much. The tantrums, the tears, the bloody tambourine the main character shakes at every given moment. It all culminates into a dizzying mesh of over the top sentiment.
FAIR Veering from Amelie-esque whimsy to The Hours-like maudlin.
GOOD It's the metaphor which is important here. The dawning realisation that searching for something might be more important than what you do or do not discover.
FAIR Thomas Horn ... carrying a myriad emotions on very young and capable shoulders, regardless of obvious irritable character traits.
BAD The situation is wrenching in too many ways at once. You sit there, first cringing, then fighting back, out of primitive self-respect.
BAD Just rather dull and a little bit long.
FAIR It is a heartfelt, heartwarmer of a film that lacks the pain and profundity that the subject matter really deserves.
BAD So slow and self-important that its Academy Award Best Picture nomination only proves that the shortlist is too long...
FAIR Fascinating despite itself. Which every way you fall, this will provoke a strong reaction.
BAD [An] intensely self-conscious movie that contrives to make the human cost and human meaning of 9/11 distant and faint.
BAD You rather end up wishing Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close would just pipe down and back off.
GOOD For anyone who understands the unfairness of grief it's a rare chance to let your guard down and go with an emotional flow...
FAIR A mixed bag of intelligent tragedy and poor choices, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close has the ability to tug at the heart strings - it just gets them a bit tangled.
FAIR Although running the risk of slipping into mawkish melodrama by the end, this still has the power to move.
BAD Shamelessly manipulative, prone to mawkish sentimentality and let down by an ending that fails to ring true and feels like a cop-out.
BAD Less a film about communication, in the end, than one with its fingers in its ears.
BAD It's challenging, divisive and has moments of beauty but leaves you cold.
GOOD s it a movie about loss? Definitely. Is it a movie about 9/11? Sort of. Will you reach a for a tissue while you watch "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?" Probably.
FAIR The Ring Two has a great deal of mood and there are some genuinely chilling moments, but weak characters sap it of all strength.
BAD Scarier than the first, but not as interesting.
BAD Feels incomplete and is immensely sloppy, without a lick of sense.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD Fracassa ao abandonar o interessante conceito da fita amaldicoada para se concentrar numa trama boba envolvendo possessao. Ainda assim, e melhor que Ringu 2 - o que nao e uma grande proeza.
FAIR [It] inevitably lacks the unsettling mystery and the evolving unease of the first one. While there are still startling moments, there are no surprises.
FAIR The 'terror' remains that only in theory as, for all its isolated amusements, [the film] never truly scares.
BAD Destroyed its own best scary bits in favor of digging up more mythology.
FAIR The result is actually much better than anyone had perhaps expected, with a fright quota that actually exceeds the original, even if it completely abandons common sense and rational plotting to get there.
FAIR Shouldn't wind up the devotees too much and will keep fans of the first American movie quiet.
BAD Just about as bad as the first film was. If anything, it's a little stupider.
FAIR The film may not be quite as good as the first one, but rest assured there are plenty of scares left in this franchise.
FAIR a different and, I would argue, slightly better film that its predecessor
BAD Dead in the water.
FAIR It is like an exercise in cinema mechanics: Images, music, photography and mood conspire to create a sense of danger, even though at any given moment we cannot possibly explain the rules under which that danger might manifest itself.
BAD We're left with another tepid PG-13 horror sequel that rehashes huge chunks of the original and, in the end, has almost nothing new to offer.
BAD A few good gotcha moments and one solid thrill isn't enough save this movie.
BAD ...there's virtually no reason for the movie to even exist.
BAD Watts is a terrific actress, but there's little she can do to cover the cavernous gaps in logic in Ehren Kruger's script.
BAD Hideo Nakata directed the Japanese version of the "Ringu" series and one would expect that he'd know how to do a decent horror film..for some reason he didn't do it this time.
BAD Like most bad sequels, it is a patchwork quilt of themes and images from other, better movies.
BAD This tired followup manages to recycle all that was obnoxious about the first movie while abandoning the one legitimately frightening element of the original: the tape.
BAD Naomi Watts is excellent, giving a more complex performance than the film really deserves and portraying Rachel as a mixture of anger, toughness and vulnerability.
BAD Less is often more but in the case of The Ring Two, the lazily-titled sequel to the popular -- and enormously successful -- The Ring, more is less (more or less).
GOOD This isn't a slasher horror film at all; it gets deep into the characters' heads.
BAD Saddled with a dreary pacing and the need to fulfill its sequel-itis tendencies, this particular Ring is tainted jewelry in search of its missing sparkle
BAD From what I could tell, Samara would be a much more interesting child to hang with than Aidan, who has the engaging personality of a cardboard box.
BAD An assortment of scenes from the original reshot with the sprinklers turned on, held together by the thinnest of plots.
BAD ... it's best to give up on the plot because it's horse manure (and not even pure horse manure). Sometimes the well just runs dry.
BAD ...throws its own rules out the window.
BAD This time the prophecy of The Ring might just come true: You watch it, you die. Of boredom.
FAIR I sort of enjoyed it, but I'm not sure how fans of the first movie will react.
GOOD Una pelicula intimista, humana y conmovedora, con gran actuacion de John Cusack y estupenda banda sonora compuesta por Clint Eastwood.
FAIR Cusack really steps into the character of the uptight, conservative, grief-stricken Stanley and the little girls who play his daughters are amazing.
BAD The power of the ending comes from the inherent pain of loss, but it's no feat to recognize how emotional this would be, to tell us it's coming and to dangle it in front of us for an hour and a half.
GOOD ...packs an emotional wallop that ultimately belies its low-key sensibilities...
FAIR Depicts a side of the Iraq war, the American home front, that has been barely touched in other Iraq war movies.
BAD This isn't so much a film about picking up the pieces after a tragedy, but instead an extended story of the pieces that fell...
BAD Despite the strength of the cast (in particular O'Keefe, who's making her film debut here and shows tremendous promise), it's hard to muster much enthusiasm for Grace Is Gone.
BAD Good intentions can only go so far.
FAIR Strouse gives the movie an industrial sparseness, which only increases its intimacy.
FAIR The drawn out process in this character vehicle runs on low grade dramatic fuel.
BAD It's a narrative strategy that neither informs, challenges nor heals.
BAD The perfect maudlin holiday entertainment.
FAIR Not a great movie, simply functional, but Cusack gives a great performance.
FAIR 'Grace is Gone' works best in the quiet moments. ... Shelan O'Keefe couldn't be better ... this low-keyed weepie belongs to her.
BAD Cusack ... makes such a scene not showing off that he's distracting.
FAIR True in its core depiction of a man dealing with limitless sorrow.
FAIR Sad drama about loss may be too heavy for kids.
FAIR John Cusack takes it down several notches in James C. Strouse's somber, well-acted family mourning tale.
FAIR Strouse forgoes an explicit critique of the Iraq War in favor of a more universal portrait of grief and acceptance.
FAIR Grace Is Gone is a small film, but mostly in all the right ways.
BAD A barbell of a movie that carries some weight at either end. What's in between is purely utilitarian, though.
FAIR This is a movie that lobs even appropriate criticisms from a safe distance, a flaw its strengths can't overcome.
FAIR It can't be denied that writer James C. Strouse's directing debut is uniquely of our time as home-front films go, and he exploits that new wrinkle for all it's worth.
GOOD In a year that has seen wave after wave of films addressing the war in Iraq with varying degrees of anger and frustration, Grace serves as a gently thoughtful coda and reminder of what continues.
BAD A syrupy-sweet, cloying score by Clint Eastwood overwhelms the otherwise elegant simplicity of Strouse's storytelling.
BAD Cusack deserves high praise for his terrific work as an emotionally cold man suddenly devastated by grief, but this effort is expended on a vehicle that has little going for it in the first place.
FAIR Incredibly John Cusack has never been nominated for an Academy Award but this movie may change that. He's simply terrific in a fine and moving film.
FAIR delivers a certain kind of Midwestern pathos that's understated almost to the point of invisibility
FAIR A moving and tender family drama, built on the foundation of a serious contemporary issue.
FAIR For most of its 85 minutes Grace Is Gone, a small, tender film about contemporary parenthood in wartime, carries off a delicate balancing act.
FAIR Its pain is real and its young actresses are promising.
FAIR Cusack has never been better; he disappears into his character's repressed skin so utterly, we can barely recognize in him the perky teen heartthrob of Say Anything.
FAIR clever
GOOD Unflinchingly honest and confidently challenging, this is an all around incredible film.
FAIR Don't cry for the movie star, even if they don't have the glamorous life you imagine
BAD Even so-called "slow cinema" shouldn't be this dull.
FAIR In "Somewhere," what ends up happening is that the main character's lack of interest becomes the audience's burden.
BAD This is a film about vacuousness that's without much substance itself.
GOOD A poor little princess' plaint about the burdens of being special.
FAIR [Coppola] examines boredom, privilege, torpor, laziness and adolescent daydreams with a kind of molasses slowness that no one else can touch. That's good because no other American filmmaker is really trying to touch it anyway.
FAIR The question is 'why should we care?' Yes Johnny's problems are real, but they're not going to mean much to anyone else. And when you've got a character and story that are true but unrelatable, all the craft in the world isn't going to help.
BAD En principio atractiva e interesante, finalmente resulta previsible y carente de emocion, y perdiendo ante la inevitable comparacion con Perdidos en Tokio (la mejor pelicula de Sofia Coppola hasta la fecha, con la que tiene demasiadas cosas en comun).
FAIR Whether or not the journey from nowhere to the possibility of somewhere is worth taking is going to vary wildly from viewer to viewer.
FAIR A thoughtful and interesting deconstruction and demythologizing of American celebrity
GOOD Like Coppola's previous films, 'Somewhere' examines the isolation (and cultural dislocation) of privileged public people -- people enclosed within the exposing fishbowl of celebrity and the protective bubble of entitlement.
BAD A superficial movie about beautiful people, when it needed to be a beautiful film about superficial people. Lacks the magic of Coppola's best movies.
FAIR Somewhere begins with a fancy sports car driving in circles out in the desert. It's a great-looking machine, but it isn't taking us anywhere. It's a metaphor for the entire movie.
FAIR Coppola packs meaning into small actions or seemingly benign scenes that in any other film would immediately hit the cutting room floor
BAD In Somewhere Sofia Coppola meanders into the territory of Michelangelo Antonioni, the Italian director who made ennui into art. She makes ennui into ennui.
FAIR Just an expensive-looking sports car driving in circles and going nowhere fast.
GOOD The best movie directors aren't just masters of technical craft: They also are artists capable of showing you the world through their eyes -- of making you see and feel exactly what they do.
BAD Sofia Coppola's 2003 Lost in Translation was such an unblinking masterpiece -- one of the two or three best films of its entire decade -- that it's a shock to witness the near-worthlessness of Somewhere.
BAD Fame is a vampire: We've heard it before. We don't need to hear it again.
FAIR It's well shot, and Dorff is good enough to make me hope he starts popping up in higher profile fare again.
GOOD If you have the patience to give yourself over to the measured pace of this film ... it delivers with an impact far beyond what a conventional treatment of the same material could hope to achieve.
GOOD "Somewhere" is a distinctly European exercise in observational nuance and tonal restraint in which Coppola stretches static images to the breaking point.
BAD Coppola Gets Too Close by Making a Vapid Picture of Fatherhood That's Too Shallow for any Deep Moments.
FAIR Ultimately, Somewhere may be too static, too minimalist a tale. But there's grace here, in its aching assessment of loneliness, in its examination of connections and family...
FAIR The writer-director of "Lost in Translation" and "Marie Antoinette" has made the malaise of the privileged her special turf. Ennui is her milieu. And Coppola has a talent for revealing its existential and cultural dimensions.
FAIR Throughout, Dorff is doggedly credible as an obtuse actor, but the richer performance here is from Fanning, and it might have been a stronger movie told from her character's point of view.
FAIR Good thing note-perfect performances from all involved tend to offset those negative aspects.
BAD To comment upon meaninglessness by creating something entirely meaningless yourself is hardly a way to make your point - let alone get people into the theater.
FAIR Coppola's film is composed of many long, stationary shots in which so little is happening it's as if she's encouraging us to look closer for meaning.
FAIR There's something mesmerizing and special about "Somewhere," for those willing to wait and let the movie cast its spell.
BAD Another "woe is me, I'm famous" wallow.
FAIR It's the singular achievement of Sofia Coppola's affecting new film that she manages to make us care for a dissolute movie star, his angry ex-wife and their indulged daughter.
GOOD It's the kind of thing some people will appreciate and embrace, while others will flee in a fit of frustrated boredom. My advice: Stick around.
GOOD This is a big picture in love with our landscape as much as with the Sioux Indians who inhabit it.
GOOD [Dances With Wolves] is so evocative of the sweep and lyricism of the American West that it could be pegged as the cinematic equivalent of a Frederic Remington painting.
GOOD [Costner] makes it a true human story, portraying the range of emotions from tragedy to joy.
BAD The important issues raised by the film- centered on the cultural, racial and moral struggle that took place on the American frontier-are glossed over in favor of a juvenile fantasy of male bonding around the campfire.
FAIR In an age when most movies are made by people who used to shoot commercials or music videos, the panoramic vistas of Dances with Wolves are an enjoyable reminder of the potential of the big screen.
GOOD This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional. Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.
FAIR Dances With Wolves runs a fraction more than three hours but justifies its running time.
GOOD This is a marvel from beginning to end.
FAIR A slow-moving but well-acted western.
FAIR For all its worthiness and pictorial beauty, the narrative is damaged somewhat by Costner's over-cautious, sentimentalised portrait of the Sioux as early eco-warriors.
FAIR Costner went for broke with his large-scale, Panavision epic... [Blu-ray]
GOOD a nuanced and thoughtful portrayal of cultures both clashing and finding common ground
GOOD A masterful, painstakingly crafted adventure about the nature of acceptance, and the tragedy of human nature.
GOOD A grand, sweeping journey of the heart.
BAD The political correctness is so politically correct and sappy and sucky and conscience-appeasing and politically-pacifying and just generally brain-numbing
BAD An epic film that without its lead might have been better.
FAIR No one can doubt Kevin Costner's sincerity or vision.
FAIR Not a great film by any standard, this is a western for people who are completely ignorant about the genre.
FAIR Kevin Costner makes a good movie before falling into a pit of garbage.
GOOD engagingly personal epic
GOOD The beginning of the impressive revival of the western.
GOOD ...a literate script, gorgeous scenery, and fine acting combine to produce a poignant and inspiring cinematic experience.
FAIR Passable but overrated
GOOD Earnest, handsome, and frequently quite excellent.
GOOD Still enthrals with its sweeping direction, gentle humour and lack of pretension.
GOOD A simple story, magnificently told.
FAIR An old-fashioned movie with a smart, contemporary perspective.
GOOD This is a majestic requiem for a world that is gone.
GOOD It's a rousing adventure, a touching romance, and a stirring drama.
FAIR Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
GOOD As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
GOOD The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
FAIR Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
FAIR I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
FAIR This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date. If he only had as much faith in his audience.
BAD It's really kind of ironic. The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock. Once he's learned better, we don't get enough time with him because the author's decided it was time to go. Oh, well.
FAIR It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
GOOD If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
GOOD An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball. Highly recommended.
GOOD The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear. He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
GOOD Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
GOOD An awesome movie.
FAIR Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not fulfill its promise.
FAIR Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago. Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas extremidades que deixam muito a desejar.
GOOD One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
GOOD Cast Away isn't the first to recognize our modern need for primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished. It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
BAD There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
FAIR Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
GOOD If I didn't know any better I'd say that this film was written in order for Tom Hanks to win yet another Academy Award. Yikes! He may pull it off.
FAIR Thank God there's no Friday.
FAIR I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
FAIR Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year. He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
FAIR ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball. And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
GOOD For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball. A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
GOOD A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
FAIR All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
FAIR Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
GOOD Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
FAIR it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
FAIR Dreamer is loaded with enough cliches and formulas to choke a horse. But truly, it works.
GOOD It is a movie that will captivate children, yes, but it will also capture the hearts of the grown-ups, too.
FAIR simply feels more professional than most family fare
FAIR Sure, it's as goopy as Kris Kristofferson is grizzled, but families might find a genuinely warm experience in the simple story of a child following her heart %u2014 especially in the rare moments when we're not told how to feel.
FAIR This is a slow track of wish-fullfillment fantasy and all who come through the turnstiles will wear a happy face.
GOOD Ah. Here's the family film we've been dreaming of all year long.
GOOD In short, Dreamer may be shot through with cliches but they're good ones and, more importantly, they work. This is feel-good family entertainment of the first order and if you loved Seabiscuit, you'll love this too.
FAIR It manages to be a watchable, even enjoyable movie about and for girls, and in our world of candy-coated sparkly pink crap, that's a rare and commendable thing.
FAIR Dakota Fanning, the busiest child actor on the planet it seems, brings her usual maturity to this fine family film. The horse is pretty good too.
BAD A nice film for a father to take his daughter to. Others may find it so by-the-numbers that even high-powered actors (+ a horse) have a hard time breathing life into it.
FAIR For fleeting moments, this movie about a little girl and her horse becomes one that fathers will know best.
FAIR An ordinary movie about a girl and her horse, but Dakota Fanning makes the difference.
BAD Mildly pleasant, but never once does it surprise us.
BAD Despite thoroughbred work from Dakota Fanning, by the time the movie hits the final furlong it's only good for the glue factory.
FAIR Triumphant coming-of-age drama (complete with horses!) [aimed] at little girls and their captive-audience fathers.
FAIR Gallop, don't walk, to a movie house for one of the most uplifting live-action family films in years.
BAD Seabiscuit-Lite (half the emotional impact and half as satisfying as the regular inspiration film).
FAIR Charming all-ages entertainment.
GOOD Lovely family film, which has a way of resonating in one's imagination for days.
BAD As a sports drama -- a genre that's gotten entirely too much play lately -- Dreamer is singularly unexciting.
FAIR The best girl-and-horse movie since National Velvet. Who's to say that Dakota Fanning won't have the career longevity of Elizabeth Taylor?
FAIR The film's route to the familiar ending is appealing, largely because Russell and Fanning create such winning father-daughter chemistry, and the theme reverberates with undeniably rousing good spirits.
FAIR A family film that even adults may enjoy.
FAIR It's to Fanning's and Russell's credit, and the filmmakers', that the formula never gets the better of the film.
FAIR Too obvious, too trite and too sentimental to ever be more than Seabiscuit for tweens.
BAD There's nothing particularly inspired about the film.
GOOD It makes a solid case that a wounded horse can heal a wounded family.
FAIR Fanning and Russell are a perfect, sweet-and-sour pair. And, of course, the horse is absolutely beautiful -- which, in the end, is what this all comes down to, anyway.
BAD The plot, 'inspired by a true story,' is all but impossible.
FAIR Whatever its flaws, Dreamer is sure-footed, sure-fire family entertainment.
FAIR Underdog animal story that comes by its emotions honestly and with few pretensions.
BAD A textbook study in cinematic recycling -- everything in it seems to have been borrowed from other movies.
BAD This is a lovely film; it's about a million times better than the other so-called children's or family movies out there.
FAIR Gatins is so worshipful of a child's starry-eyed aspirations that he forgets to ground them in narrative honesty.
BAD Treads a well-worn path that will likely feel familiar even to the newest crop of horse-crazy girls.
GOOD a beautifully made, well acted, old fashioned movie with humor, pathos, and a good premise, highlighted by terrific performances by Kurt Russell and Dakota Fanning.
FAIR Most of what it lacks in originality, it compensates for in spirit, and its success is dependent on the commitment of the actors and the sense of family they evoke.
BAD North Country is the unfortunately overly-dramatized Hollywood version of a story that has a chance at being truly important and even uplifting, but thanks to extreme heavy-handedness, ends up being mostly shrill instead.
FAIR The road to cinematic hell is paved with this sort of banal effort borne of bland good expectations.
FAIR Though tough and heavy-handed at times, North Country is engaging -- not one of those films about an important subject matter that you feel you should watch.
FAIR ...there's little doubt that the movie would not come off even remotely as well as it ultimately does were it not for the effectiveness of the cast.
BAD Os realizadores de Terra Fria se revelam bem mais repugnantes e perigosos do que os mineiros retratados em seu filme supostamente liberal.
FAIR The narrative may not be exact in its details..., but it is undoubtedly true to the spirit of the real events.
FAIR Enjoyable drama that's impressively shot and features a strong cast but is ultimately hampered by a fatal weakness for courtroom cliches.
FAIR With North Country, Theron and Caro strongly suggest that Monster and Whale Rider weren't one-offs.
GOOD Elegantly filmed and intelligently written.
BAD So melodramatically one-sided and shamelessly in search of Oscar nominations that it accomplishes the colossal rarity of insulting both genders equally.
FAIR North Country centers on Theron's work, and she is truly wonderful start to finish.
FAIR [Theron] is the wounded heart of the film and helps carry some of the less successful material of the film on her shoulders.
GOOD Sometimes a story is so timeless that it deserves to be told again. Such a story is "North Country," a fictionalized account of events in the 1980s at a mine in the Midwest.
BAD Instead of articulating injustice or honestly portraying the legal system, North Country seems content with exploiting humiliation for effect.
GOOD For all its issue-related fist pumping, the movie is suffused with the tender and heartwarming story of a man coming to terms with the love for his only daughter.
BAD Could become the classic text for a filmmaking class called 'Crafting the Message Picture 101.'
FAIR The performances enhance (Niki) Caro's David-versus-Goliath material.
BAD ...my feminist soul is taking a beating since - damn it - it didn't work as a movie.
FAIR while its message is undeniably important, it's also so obvious that the film doesn't have any real resonance.
BAD Contrived fantasy. Only in Hollywood could Harrelson get Theron's nemesis to recant his inadmissably irrelevant tale on the stand with such meager questioning.
FAIR The film, revisiting social injustice, is not unpredictable. But, it is a worthy effort in its updated revival of "Norma Rae."
BAD ...feels simplistically manufactured and manipulative...Caro is never able to elevate North Country beyond the pedestrian confines of a melancholy Lifetime TV movie
GOOD North Country works as a portrayal of social injustice, yet it also works as a compelling character portrait. One of the best and most powerful pictures of the year.
FAIR ...before anybody goes off on Theron uglifying herself again to win an Oscar, it should be pointed out that the rural trash look is not necessary unattractive to many of us.
GOOD A realistic, emotionally resonant film made for grown-up audiences in a time when most theatrical releases are aimed at the teen demographic.
GOOD North Country is more than an award trolling piece - it's a heartfelt gem steered by Threon and McDormand that takes sevral true tales to create a helluav drama!
FAIR (Charlize) Theron's Josey doesn't quite have the dramatic starch of Aileen, the man-hating hooker of Monster. It has more nuance, though.
FAIR North Country has a ton of powerful moments, so it is an odd choice that it falls back on the 'based in fact' element.
FAIR Some of the dramatics are almost overkill, but it will stir you up and you can't deny the powerful performances of Charlize Theron and Richard Jenkins.
BAD Though the dirt and grime in North Country are artfully applied, it's purely cosmetic and skin-deep.
GOOD Witty, wise, and idealized political romance.
FAIR as the 1995 film veers away from the romance, into definable (and dated) political issues, it loses some of its magic.
BAD A potentially good adult romance is undone by a preachy left-wing agenda.
GOOD Sorkin starts his West Wing warm-up with a winning political rom-com.
GOOD Glorious romantic comedy.
FAIR Predictable and PC, but fun.
FAIR Good romantic comedy. Some funny irreverence about the White House, and a well-meaning political message.
GOOD The casting is inspired, with uniformly crisp performances all around.
FAIR With great looks, a dandy supporting cast, a zinger-filled screenplay by Aaron Sorkin and Mr. Douglas twinkling merrily in the Oval Office, The American President is sunny enough to make the real Presidency pale by comparison.
FAIR So-so fantasy about what a more courageous Bill Clinton might have been like.
GOOD Leve, divertido e gratificante.
FAIR The American President is a bright, witty romantic comedy with really good dialogue, but at the same time it is a statement about politics, and about politicians, some who are idealists and some who are opportunists.
FAIR Neither bad nor unwatchable, The American President is nevertheless the second straight disappointment from director Rob Reiner.
FAIR Rob Reiner seems to have found his calling.
FAIR Michael Douglas is plausible as president, and he delivers yet another solid, if unmemorable performance.
GOOD Great entertainment.
FAIR Charming but flawed leftist romantic comedy.
FAIR 'Capraesque' has inevitably been affixed to The American President, but that phrase, with its implications of facile hokum, doesn't do the film justice.
GOOD Director Rob Reiner strikes a good balance between drama and old-fashioned love with Douglas and Bening suitably understated in their roles.
FAIR A super cast injects it with Teddy Roosevelt vitality.
FAIR Apart from its too-obvious political bias, The American President has romance in its heart, smarts in abundance and class to spare.
FAIR Douglas and Bening are both wonderful.
GOOD ...classic entertainment for families.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train may be no classic of the genre, but it's certainly a better and more interesting film than most of what passes for horror movies these days.
FAIR This is the best Clive Barker-inspired movie in a long, long time -- probably since "Hellraiser III" in 1992.
FAIR Goes full speed on ultra-gory rails before slamming to an abrupt stop.
BAD while skimpy on characterization and plot, it should please gorehounds and Barker fans alike
BAD Japanese director Ryuhei Kitamura, who kicked off his career with 2000's impressive micro-budget zombie flick Versus, delivers plenty of stylish visuals and an admirably unrestrained attitude to gore.
BAD The film hurtles towards the final 'revelation moment' like runaway train. If only it had stopped to take on board some of Barker's heavy mythical dread.
FAIR Unfairly buried by its distributors in the US, this film takes what could have been a drab set-up and gives it some real bravado, energy and creativity.
FAIR The Midnight Meat Train is destined for cult status as an minor horror gem.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train can best be described as splatter noir. It's Fritz Lang by way of an abattoir.
FAIR Destined to be a cult classic as a vicious, brilliant, and disgusting horror film...
BAD This sharp and brutal little yarn about a photographer who stumbles across a serial killer is a fan film if every there was one -- and only fans will be able to stomach it.
BAD More interesting than most of the torture-porn or Asian-inspired thrillers that make it to theaters these days, but its tired combination of incongruously pretty fashion-mag photography and outrageously gruesome digital effects is dead on arrival.
BAD Public-transit terror tale is beyond bloody. Pass.
BAD It was a pretty neat concept, but it has such a bad script and bogged down with horrendous acting that I can't say it's a good movie
GOOD Manages to maintain that sly sense of dread that permeates the best of Barker's horror tales. Certainly one of the most effective horror films of the year.
FAIR MEAT TRAIN is the first BOOK OF BLOOD to depart from the station in a long time and it's refreshing to see that the film carries that bleak, yet romantic touch of Clive Barker all over it... it's guaranteed to make you squirm, scream and beg for more!
GOOD This may be one man's story but the themes are epic.
GOOD ...gorgeously photographed and, like Babel, a subtly organized commentary on the ways people strive to communicate.
GOOD Zhang is one of the world's great filmmakers, both in technique and in his rich humanity. Riding Alone will move you.
GOOD Yeah, yeah. Cue the violin music. But also grab a tissue, because the film levels far more of an impact than you might expect.
FAIR The scenery is spectacular, and the movie does boast fine performances by both the stone-faced Takakura and scene-stealing newcomer Yang Zhenbo.
BAD Ken Takakura's memorable performance, occasional light comedy and striking Chinese scenery don't keep Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles and its big message from being ponderous and affected.
FAIR The movie's message is a little too Hallmark Hall of Fame, but Zhang's observant eye neatly captures the idiosyncrasies of Chinese life and the heartbreak in Gouichi's journey.
FAIR It's the kind of story that shows more than it tells, a story that's forged in the spaces that exist in between characters and spaces.
FAIR The themes are universal (if a touch corny), the rugged Chinese scenery is stupendous, and the performances are touching.
GOOD A meticulously crafted film in which nothing is ever forced or overstated. There's a grace and subtlety that pervades the film and quietly impresses.
BAD Its relentless sentimentality soon turns disingenuous.
GOOD Fathers and sons can't understand each other in Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles, a simple theme in a movie that is simply breathtaking.
FAIR It sounds like a slight plot, and it is, but it is rich in detail that makes up for the simplicity of the story.
FAIR A father takes a spiritual journey from Japan to China to help mend a decades-long rift between himself and his dying son. The lessons learned en route are as profound as they are simple.
FAIR Cynics may not fall for its melodrama, but Riding Alone is good for everyone else, including children.
FAIR It's a slow, if solid, film that draws on the strength of Takata's awakening to the world around him.
GOOD It's a story of emotional and physical distance, one expertly rendered by Chinese director Zhang Yimou.
GOOD A story of parental devotion and reconciliation that is a treat to the eyes and also an enticement to tears of empathy.
FAIR The often stunningly raw landscapes and scenes of village life cannot entirely make the film more than exotically accessible, although themes are spelled out, as if by translation.
BAD Slow and pretty and essentially unsatisfying.
BAD Though lovely and scenic, it drones for thousands of miles.
FAIR A film about human disconnectedness fails to connect -- or, more precisely, the eventual connections seem a bit forced and a tad maudlin.
GOOD As a sad yet joyful celebration of cultural exchange, Riding Alone plays like a small miracle, unfolding in a world as it ought to be.
FAIR In Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles his characters use digital communication appliances to send beautiful sentiments. Using old-school celluloid, so does Zhang.
GOOD One of the most beautiful and touching road movies in recent years.
GOOD Yimou's and Takakura's combined talents turn a picaresque adventure into a rich vein of a gold mine.
FAIR There is a great late-career role for Ken Takakura, a Japanese actor, now in his 70s, who started out in gangster films and has been seen in Hollywood films.
FAIR The film is simple bordering on sentimental bordering on sloppy, yet it's kept in artistic check by the vast backdrops of China's remote Yunnan province and by Takakura's nearly wordless performance.
FAIR [A] sentimental, yet surprisingly effective drama.
FAIR We're touched when we aren't expecting it.
FAIR Shaded intimacy and old-fashioned wisdom suffers from a ponderous pace and hackneyed undertone.
FAIR Takakura gives a fine, touching performance, the kid is adorable, and the supporting characters, particularly Gou-ichi's imperfect interpreter, Lingo (Qiu Lin), add just the right amount of comic relief.
FAIR It's a shame that Yimou didn't spend more time honing and refining his awkward narrative into a film that's ultimately greater than the sum of its many, emotionally engaging parts.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no new ground. But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
BAD Pitt is smiling, taking his shirt off, brushing his blond locks with his hands, striking poses against the picturesque scenery--in short, being Brad Pitt.
FAIR Part road picture, part epic, and part spiritual journey, Seven Years in Tibet is a beautiful film with a story so typical-yet-unusual that it could only have come from autobiography.
BAD A movie that makes molasses look fast.
FAIR Ainda tenho aquela sensacao de que poderia ter me emocionado muito com esta historia.
FAIR Pitt is no disgrace but is blown off the screen by a bright-eyed adolescent actor.
BAD Leaves one strangely unmoved.
BAD After more than an hour of solemn preparation, we get ... Brad Pitt showing a kid how to drive a car and work a radio. Wow.
FAIR One of the season's more substantial large-scale entertainments, using colorful storytelling and Pitt's appealing presence to spotlight an imperialistic event that continues to cry for correction.
FAIR Rosselini enlivens a fundamentally stagebound, potentially schematic tale of personal redemption with attention to detail so painstaking, it threatens to bury the narrative.
GOOD A fascinating crossroads in Rossellini's career.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph. More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some happy, kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an entire world is plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not only attempted the most ambitious film project in modern cinema history, he's pulled it off with a breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier. (Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here. The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail. The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults. It will be remembered because it places story above all else. And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
FAIR This chapter from Thomas's later years doesn't provide enough narrative tension to sustain a conventional three-act film. But it does provide ample material for compelling, duelling character studies.
FAIR Director Andy Goddard makes atmospheric use of black-and-white cinematography and 1950s settings, but aside from one scene of drunken confession by the fireside in a Connecticut cabin, the story fails to engage.
BAD Set Fire to the Stars benefits from crisp monochrome cinematography and two solid lead performances, but the end result feels somewhat flat, and it's difficult to see who the film will appeal to.
BAD There is no sentimentality in Andy Goddard's direction and in fact, Thomas's utter disregard for how his actions impact on Brinnin (and his wife, back home in Wales) makes him tough to like.
BAD It's a good-looking film, shot expressively in black-and-white, but in some ways it's like a sketch for a stage play.
FAIR Filmed in black and white with a light, jazzy score courtesy of Gruff Rhys, Set Fire To The Stars offers a slice of biographical remembrance without a great deal of substance.
FAIR Not exactly a revelation, but a novel take on the biopic format.
BAD This ambitious low-budget Welsh drama never quite finds a way to make its emotional drama matter much to the audience.
FAIR Told in episodic narrative bursts, it is fitfully engaging and rousingly acted.
FAIR There are solid turns from the leads but the drama never quite catches ablaze in the way you'd think the fiery Thomas would have wanted.
GOOD Think My Week With Marilyn but with Dylan Thomas and shot in luscious black and white and you've got some measure of Andy Goddard's debut feature.
GOOD Set Fire To The Stars, like Dylan Thomas himself, has the ability to stir your deepest emotions.
BAD The tone is curiously flat and the script light on genuine insight: we see the torment fuelling Thomas, but too rarely share or understand it.
FAIR A character - and film - overburdened with poetic profundity.
BAD Andy Goddard's stylishly shot movie doesn't succeed in forming a sustained emotional connection with the viewer.
GOOD Wonderful book adaptation with strong female character.
FAIR Mansfield Park works because it not only comes from the novel...but also from Austen's letters and journals.
GOOD ...busy nothings add up to motion picture somethings in one of the year's most charming films.
FAIR Despite such occasional flaws...Mansfield Park is a welcome treat for Austen addicts.
FAIR This is perhaps not Jane Austen's Mansfield Park, but Jane Austen would have probably recognized most of it and would have been amused by the rest.
FAIR In this provocative, revisionist adaptation of Jane Austen's third novel, Canadian writer-director Patricia Rozema gives her 19th century heroine, Fanny Price, much of Austen's own confidant, creative personality.
GOOD This incarnation of Fanny may not have been what Austen had in mind, but she surely would have approved, for the injection of attitude and smarts makes Mansfield Park a much more wicked and irresistible social satire...
GOOD With its gorgeous cinematography...lovely muted score, and sure-footed performances, especially by Frances O'Connor, Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park sets a new standard for adaptations of Jane Austen's work.
FAIR Rozema's dry wit, effervescent dialogue and contemporary reinterpretations are often a refreshing change from the swoony, soft-peddling style of other Austen adaptations.
FAIR Though it's never dull, this Mansfield Park has too much of its own agenda and too little of Austen's to completely succeed.
BAD Mansfield Park...is a confusing jumble of historical drama and modern social essay that only serves to cloud the whole field of Jane Austen studies.
BAD Even if you have never read Austen, you will sense that something is wrong here long before a nude scene that would have made the author hide under a table.
BAD The snappy banter has lost its bite.
GOOD [Mansfield Park] is a smart hybrid: part novel adaptation, part biography. It's now a period saga overlaid with a modern sensibility.
FAIR A pleasant little diversion.
GOOD Bodices may not be ripped, but they are certainly loosened in this very liberal adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD A witty, entertaining film.
FAIR A fine addition to the filmed Austen canon.
FAIR Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park continues Jane Austen's winning streak on film.
FAIR Mansfield Park is a generally light and funny film which invites us to watch Fanny handle the coldness and pressure of her priggish relatives, and not only survive, but somehow prevail.
FAIR Austen purists may gag, but director Patricia Rozema has managed to crack Mansfield Park, transforming Jane Austen's problematic novel into an engaging bit of entertainment.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't do justice to the fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend. Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot. Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . . ' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't need cheap tricks. First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
BAD Madonna's acting performance is not more or less than average.
BAD Its creaky, all-consuming insistence on its characters' normalcy entombs everything interesting about them in contrived schlock and transparent gloss-over techniques.
BAD Two movies in one, and there's not enough breathing room for both of them.
BAD A depressing, lugubrious film experience.
BAD Best friends may make the best mistakes, but Madonna makes the absolute worst, at least in terms of her film career.
BAD Any room in that freezer for this inadequate, inauthentic, indigestible film?
FAIR Its greatest liability, unfortunately, is Madonna.
BAD There hasn't been a Hollywood 'message' movie as smug or cheesy as The Next Best Thing in quite a while.
BAD Madonna never emerges as a plausible human being in the movie; she's more like a spokeswoman for a video on alternative parenting lifestyles.
BAD The moment the movie loses its lighthearted spirit is the moment it loses touch with reality.
FAIR A comedy that salutes friendship as a resilient and abiding bond that can carry people over troubled waters.
FAIR It's a failure, but a well-done failure, and those are sometimes worth watching.
GOOD Its performances are appealing, and its heart's in the right place.
FAIR Credible and compelling acting.
GOOD Thoroughly enjoyable!
FAIR Buena muestra de que para ser un verdadero padre hace falta mucho mas que una mera preferencia sexual
GOOD A well-executed character study populated with substantial characters, excellent performances, and an understanding of tragic human nature.
FAIR When a group of actors this gifted and lively tries so good-naturedly to deliver such an obvious message, the audience is left in the position of trying to stop a tidal wave. You may hate yourself for responding, but you're smothered before you know it.
FAIR It's a nice, pleasant celebration of friendship, but without much meat to chew on.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is gosh-darned lovable, even if it does get downright sugary at times.
FAIR Directed and co-written by first-timer Jon Avnet, the episodic production manages to capture the fried-tomato flavor of the deep South without becoming too pushy or patronizing about it.
GOOD Essentially a story about friendship between two pairs of women, then and now, it could be classified as an intelligent woman's picture, but this truly uplifting and gratifying movie can and should be enjoyed by all.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is a case of a film acted with such skill and conviction that glaring problems of narrative, pace and structure seem like minor slips.
BAD The movie never quite shakes its stiff, studied feel, just as the town of Whistle Stop never stops seeming the quaint creation of an art director.
GOOD Fried Green Tomatoes is an engaging if sentimental tale, charmingly handled by producer-turned-director Jon Avnet and flawlessly acted by its four female stars.
GOOD Stirring, sizzling serving of female empowerment.
BAD Please no.
BAD The picture is about gender politics and a legacy of communal repression that is itself too embarrassed to port over a nearly-platonic-anyway love story between two women.
FAIR An enjoyable if sentimental chic flick that sanitizes Flagg's novel in two major respects, glossing over the lesbian relationship between Mary Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson and underplaying the blatant racism in the trail of a black man.
FAIR There's just enough human feeling here to make it transcend the feel--good chick-flick genre.
GOOD Memorable ensemble, dead-on dialogue.
FAIR Bates and Tandy shine in what is essentially an extended flashback with the occasional present day bookends.
FAIR Fried Green Tomatoes is fairly predictable, and the flashback structure is a distraction, but the strength of the performances overcomes the problems of the structure.
FAIR While Fried Green Tomatoes often veers between being too pat and too vague, too obvious and too unclear, too much of the "I laughed, I cried" school of storytelling -- it still has a charm that stems from its vivid and unique characterizations.
GOOD Fried Green Tomatoes is a thoroughly enjoyable movie-going experience, replete with laughter, tears, triumph, and tragedy.
BAD Despite being based on a true story, Empire State is nothing but a bland and predictable tale that completely lacks originality.
GOOD Nothing is overplayed, from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption, making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making.
GOOD You know, I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand, but he's rocking the shit in this one.
GOOD Beneath the heart-racing action, Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin.
GOOD While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle, the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery.
GOOD The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie, played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone.
GOOD The best action film so far this summer.
GOOD Um desfecho a altura do otimo padrao estabelecido pela trilogia, ainda surpreende gracas a uma inteligente estrutura que, brincando com a linha narrativa da serie, comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepcao.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber.
GOOD A significant achievement, held back but not much diminished by the unavoidable excesses of the genre.
GOOD two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
GOOD Ultimatum isn't just the best film of the franchise - it's the best action film of 2007.
GOOD It twists and turns without losing its footing, and its hero, an international man of mystery even to himself, is always ahead of the game, daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move. The trick is to try and keep up.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre, et surpasse meme, haut la main les standards de qualite deja tres eleves fixes par ses predecesseurs.
GOOD Don't get me wrong, I love these films. But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well.
GOOD Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster, grittier and more brutal
FAIR Como film de accion es excelente, pero todo sucede tan rapido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan facil (...) que en definitiva solo interesa por su tenso y energico despliegue fisico.
GOOD Because the Bourne films haven't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they aren't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard.
GOOD o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti (den) kaneis, kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
GOOD Not only far and away this summer's best three-peat, it's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon's spy trilogy.
FAIR As badass as Bourne is, the film tends to forget it isn't Unbreakable.
FAIR The fast-paced nature of action films doesn't augment the sometimes-cliched narrative.
GOOD "The Bourne Ultimatum" is supreme entertainment.
GOOD It is exhilarating, and when it is over, you just want to get right back in line to ride it again.
FAIR A direct rebuke of the pro-torture "24," arguing that torture isn't just cruel to the tortured, but to those who are asked to torture.
GOOD It's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise, period...
FAIR As good as the first two films were, as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller, the third film falls victim to its own innovation.
GOOD Baby, he was Bourne to run.
GOOD ...a state of the art machine, all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
GOOD The fact that it's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre.
GOOD a satisfying conclusion...to this intelligent series
GOOD Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round, director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga.
GOOD The real deal, offering a raw, gritty feel that none of the slicker sequels even attempted to replicate (with the possible exception of the final film).
GOOD This triple-Oscar-winning boxing drama is shot through with genuine impassioned commitment, born of the fact that Sylvester Stallone realised that this was his best hope of stardom.
GOOD It's Sly's droopy-eyed, hangdog/underdog that carries Rocky's tale of transformation. He's no oil painting, no blue-eyed hero. He's not supposed to make it -- and that makes us instantly connect with him.
FAIR Sylvester Stallone [is] as likable as a basset hound.
GOOD One of the greatest, if not the greatest, feel good movies of all time.
GOOD It's all here: the famous Bill Conti fanfare, the 'Gonna Fly Now' training montage, the inevitable 'David and Goliath' climax. [Blu-ray]
GOOD transforms the gritty realities of economic hardship and personal desperation into a celebration of individuality and determination without sinking into mushy sentimentalism
GOOD Sly's best pic winner sets underdog-hero standard.
GOOD Stallone -- an actor who has made a career of bad performances in bad films -- proves that when given the right material he can act with the best of them.
GOOD This is really Sly's movie as he slugs his way through a heartfelt performance and delivers some cracking punches, both literally and emotionally.
GOOD Rocky retains its power to enthrall ... a quieter movie than some may remember.... It's worth seeing again, for what it was, before it was betrayed by it's less intelligent, testosterone-soaked progeny.
GOOD A dunce who can fight with a contagious likability: Now that's American.
GOOD Better films have been made about the world of sports, but for many Rocky is the sports movie.
FAIR A paint-by-numbers inspirational sports film.
FAIR ...there's simply no denying the film's overall effectiveness...
GOOD A "guy movie" mega-classic that's really gotten better with age.
GOOD Easily the best underdog movie ever made!
GOOD Suffers from age somewhat, somewhat like Mr. Balboa himself theses days, but still wallops.
GOOD A description of it would sound like a cliche from beginning to end. But Rocky isn't about a story, it's about a hero. And it's inhabited with supreme confidence by a star.
GOOD Stallone thoroughly owns the movie with his groggy, downbeat delivery and sense of indomitability.
GOOD Ay, yo! This movie, like, rocks, yo!!
GOOD Stallone is perfect in the ultimate boxing flick.
GOOD Look past the sequels to see something special in Sylvester Stallone's boxing classic.
GOOD Rocky is a real crowd-pleaser, not because it manipulates the audience but because it has heart.
GOOD As perfect a fit of star to role as any in cinematic history.
GOOD The memorable combination of the torturous gym workouts, the runs through the streets of Philadelphia and the carcass-beating in the abattoir all combine beautifully as Balboa trains 'to eat lightning and crap thunder'.
GOOD The escapist ideal: it has one foot in our world and the other in the dreamland of opportunity...
GOOD Tells a timeless story about all the effort it can take to reach for someone else and how our most effective competition can sometimes be us, pushing ourselves to be the best.
GOOD The basic storyline has been done to death over the years; this is still one of the most effective and successful applications of the formula.
GOOD "Bombay Beach" is an oasis of creativity in the documentary landscape.
BAD Off the deep end of poverty porn, there seems little good to be had from this gritty tour of a destitute corner of America.
GOOD Director Alma Har'el has fused the small-town documentary with a music video sensibility to create something breathtakingly original and genuinely beautiful.
GOOD Drifts in and out of reality and leaves your head somewhere in between.
GOOD While candidly exploring the hard lives of the characters and their families, the film earns an extra star from some inspired moments of magical realism, with one scene involving a child, a fire engine and a Bob Dylan tune that'll make your spine tingle.
GOOD It's a rich slice of Americana, and there's a great soundtrack from musicians including Bob Dylan.
GOOD This startling documentary explores a part of America few even want to admit exists: a place designed as a paradise that has instead become an almost apocalyptic wasteland populated by people who have fallen out of society.
GOOD The story tells itself, making plenty of room for an artistic flair and injection of sound that elevate the film from a simple documentary to an artistic exploration.
GOOD Har'el's film is at times bizarrely uplifting, at others crushingly sad...
GOOD The fact that Alma Har'el is still stuck in music video director mode makes for an interesting new breed of documentary.
GOOD Quirky, moving and unique, it's a haunting bedside view of the place the American Dream went to die.
BAD [T]he moody film is a compassionate portrait, [but] wanders around the mostly downtrodden too much, even with brief flashes of optimism.
FAIR More lyrical tone poem than straightforward documentary.
GOOD Looks and feels like a fever dream about an alternate universe. Suffused with a sense of wonder, it hovers, dancing inside its own ethereal bubble.
FAIR Gorgeous and disquieting, the documentary Bombay Beach wobbles between the two like a beginner gymnast on her first attempt on the balance beam.
BAD Har'el still seems tied too tightly to her work as a music video director
GOOD The surealist edge seems oddly fitting for a place so fundamentally weird as the Salton Sea, but also lends the film an elegiac and dreamy quality.
BAD The film neither buries nor praises its subjects. It's too busy using them as props.
BAD Rather than bringing out the symbolic inner lives of the characters, these sequences seem like the intrusion of an aggressive authorial personality on a film whose subject demands that the filmmaker simply sit back and observe.
GOOD Set within the surrealistic surroundings of remote and rundown Bombay Bay, with its stunning and timeless landscape of desert blight, these characters and their odd behavior are unfailingly fascinating fare for a verite filmmaker.
GOOD A wonderfully unconventional portrait ... part MTV, part PBS and altogether remarkably fresh.
GOOD A movie in which every single moment is exactly right.
GOOD It's the brilliant imagery and ground-breaking techniques that make it such a timeless achievement.
GOOD Rich, strange and gorgeous, F.W. Murnau's Sunrise shows what an artist of the late silent era could accomplish cinematically, backed by an open checkbook and fueled by the highest aspirations even in the simplest of morality tales.
GOOD Cinema at its most exhilarating.
GOOD This is pure cinema: emotionally uplifting, utterly absorbing, sublimely refreshing.
FAIR gives the modern viewer a way to look back at the history of cinema
GOOD Murnau deftly balances the changes in tone, going from a deep foreboding to complete bliss, and using Expressionistic techniques like forced perspective, wonky set design, and long shadows to project a huge range of emotion.
GOOD One of those seminal works without which modern movies wouldn't exist...
GOOD [an] unexpectedly harmonious marriage of German expressionism and Hollywood romanticism.
GOOD One of the finest romantic dramas of all time.
GOOD Moody and melodramatic, a technical treat that grabs hold of the viewer and will not let him go.
GOOD This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism, artifice and realism.
GOOD F.W. Murnau's Sunrise (1928) conquered time and gravity with a freedom that was startling to its first audiences. To see it today is to be astonished by the boldness of its visual experimentation.
GOOD Murnau masterpiece; gorgeously shot and acted.
GOOD It's a love story that's more than just a tale of broken hearts and damp hankies. It's also a landmark in the history of cinema that turns melodrama into high art.
GOOD Alternatingly romantic, joyful, sexy and terrifying
GOOD F.W. Murnau's visual style adds depth and excitement to the drama, and humour.
GOOD Nothing will explain it or the experience of it. It simply has to be seen -- and that is as it should be.
GOOD One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater.
GOOD One of the first psychological thrillers ever made, F.W. Murnau's silent Sunrise is as dark as they come.
GOOD One of the select few films in history that show what the medium is capable of attaining at its highest, most exalted state.
GOOD Sunrise is an incredible achievement, and perhaps the greatest silent drama ever made.
GOOD Sunrise is often rightfully noted for its technical achievements but what is often overlooked is its emotional power.
GOOD Wrenching Holocaust fable with bittersweet humor.
GOOD The film's title, which very well could have been a straightforward declaration prior to the war, becomes a source of twisted irony once we witness Guido pull down the grate outside his humble bookshop and the words JEWISH STORE are seen sprayed across th
FAIR With Life Is Beautiful, the final frontier of schmaltz has been reached.
GOOD Benigni's point, made with tender sensitivity, is that a child's innocence is worth protecting.
GOOD Audiences will be laughing hysterically while crying their eyes out.
BAD I had thought The Other Sister was appalling in its exploitation of the mentally disabled to grab your entertainment dollar, but that was nothing, NOTHING compared to what the funny little Italian man has wrought.
GOOD A dramatic rendition of the fortitude required to reclaim the violated spirit and the imaginary optimism needed to save a dying innocence.
GOOD Inspiring, heartrending, funny, sad, surprising and richly imagined.
BAD How appealing you find it will probably depend on your response to Benigni's screen-hogging routines -- the line between endearing and irksome is a fine one.
FAIR Yes, there are heaps of charm and poignancy in this trifle, but it's a trifle nonetheless -- light-and-bright, for sure, but also slight-and-trite.
FAIR ...silly, to be sure, implausible, sometimes slapstick, often sophomoric; but it is never disrespectful. ...a sweet and moving experience.
FAIR Its sentiment is inescapable, but genuine poignancy and pathos are also present, and an overarching sincerity is visible too.
FAIR Its strained poignancy is as thick -- and sweet -- as honey.
GOOD In the real death camps there would be no role for Guido. But Life Is Beautiful is not about Nazis and Fascists, but about the human spirit.
GOOD This is an excellent movie for families to watch together, to discuss not just the historical framework but challenges that parents face when they see their children learn about tragedy and unfairness.
GOOD Regardless, the film's second half is a tender and tragic treatise on the transcendence of a parent's love, and the power of man-made magic to reconstruct the world.
FAIR [Benigni] somehow succeeds at such a genre-bending convention (or unconvention, if you think about it), finding just the right balance between humor and drama so that the film in no way is condescending to the subject matter.
GOOD dares to laugh in the face of the unthinkable. And because Benigni can be heart-rending without a trace of the maudlin, it works.
FAIR Life is Beautiful has come under attack in some circles for mocking the Holocaust. Nothing could be further from the truth.
BAD Sentimentality is a kind of fascism too, robbing us of judgment and moral acuity, and it needs to be resisted. Life Is Beautiful is a good place to start.
BAD The picture doesn't work, at least not to the extent it was intended to.
GOOD brilliantly spectacles the glorious to nauseating extremes the gift of life affords us ... while encouraging our participation in the former.
FAIR It works so hard at being cute that it forgets to be funny.
GOOD A lasting impression is not made by its laughs or sense of reality, but its huge heart.
GOOD A daring, highly original work.
GOOD I have an incredible difficulty having my words do justice to this film.
GOOD Art-house sentimentalists will likely go for Beautiful in a big way, but even those who aggressively resist manipulation can find a lot to admire.
FAIR Whiplash rises on the strengths of a brilliant, Oscar-winning performance from J.K. Simmons and a great soundtrack to complement it, turning what could have been a rather bland story of a determined drummer into something a little more memorable.
GOOD 'Whiplash' is whip-smart.
BAD full of skill and technique and fury, but hollow at the core.
GOOD Utterly brilliant and intense.
FAIR J.K. Simmons excels in 'Whiplash's' hand-to-the throat storytelling.
FAIR The acting is what drums up the interest here. J.K. Simmons proves -- as most of us already know -- he's a great actor and deserves more than acting for an insurance company.
GOOD Whiplash delivers a dark and dazzling jive into the hidden world of competitive playing. This is what happens when the kids from Fame meet the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket.
BAD A more distasteful rendering of character and story I can't begin to imagine. I must be missing something.
GOOD For all its overripe contrivance, you'll leave the cinema with a spring in your step and a thump in your chest, eager to bang the drum for what deserves to be one of the year's real word-of-mouth hits.
GOOD What gives the film such a kick, in spite of its improbabilities, is its raw and brutal but also very subtle portrayal of the shifting, attritional relations between teacher and student, sorcerer and apprentice.
GOOD I suggest you take a defibrillator to Whiplash, since the chances of a heart attack or spontaneous combustion during viewing are high.
GOOD Few relationships in recent cinema have been quite so compelling. Bring a welder's mask to ward off sparks.
GOOD Simmons is unnervingly good as a teacher who rules by fear and the final showdown provides as gripping a climax as you will see all year.
GOOD Whiplash is an extraordinarily taut, accomplished piece of work for a debut feature. It's also unusual in having such a definite point to make - albeit perhaps a pretty objectionable one.
GOOD A hugely entertaining, refreshingly subversive take on the well-worn "inspirational teacher" theme.
GOOD Come the last beat, you'll probably be exhausted. But you'll also feel entertained, inspired and wonderfully alive. The ovation starts here.
GOOD The film offers dark, ripsnorting fun if not, necessarily, an accurate portrait of life and times at premium music colleges.
GOOD It's hard to think of another film that leaves us quite so out of breath.
GOOD If Facebook's Marc Zuckerberg took jazz drumming lessons from Dr Hannibal Lecter, the result might look like this.
GOOD Whiplash is razor-sharp filmmaking about personal sacrifice and how far you're willing to go in pursuit of a dream. It's absolutely essential viewing.
GOOD Builds to a finale that's somehow fist-pumpingly fantastic and utterly tragic at the same time. You'll want back for more as soon as it's over.
GOOD Not many films can capture electricity and bottle it, but Damien Chazelle is a conductor par excellence. If the final scene doesn't move you in every sense, you're a corpse.
GOOD Tense, hilarious, harrowing, brilliantly performed and masterfully directed.
GOOD As an ode to jazz, to the single-minded pursuit of greatness, and to the agony and exultation of jamming to one's inner drummer, Whiplash hardly misses a beat.
GOOD The race for the Academy Award for best supporting actor is probably over, with J.K. Simmons nearly guaranteed to take home this year's crown with a performance that is both electric and unforgettable.
GOOD It's the work of an accomplished talent.
GOOD Simmons is daunting and extraordinary from the moment Chazelle introduces the black-clad monster, but it is Teller, a former drummer, who carries the film.
GOOD I've been bullied and I've been a bully, and I don't enjoy watching it onscreen. I loved Whiplash, though.
GOOD The riveting tale of a power-tripping music teacher who pushes his star pupil to - and beyond - the brink.
GOOD Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are both phenomenal in their parts, playing off each other as brilliantly as one horn to another in a jazz ensemble.
GOOD It would be an insult to call Chazelle a "promising" filmmaker, as this movie doesn't indicate mere potential - it is evidence of authentic, sometimes blazing talent.
FAIR A gorgeous ode to drumming, as art, as mastery and invention, as utterly thrilling experience.
BAD Mature, uneven prostitution dramedy loses its way.
FAIR A very darkly humorous film.
FAIR Hopelessly uneven yet admittedly entertaining...
FAIR This unromantic comedy is something less than a sure bet. For some reason, you get the impression that it doesn't live up to the promise of its premise.
BAD This vulgar film, replete with vile language and graphic descriptions of sex acts, degrades our culture. Even George Carlin might find it offensive.
BAD Though Finding Amanda's story reaches a reasonably satisfying conclusion, the empty characters at its center make the whole thing feel like a waste.
FAIR Doesn't have a nuance in it, but it's pretty consistently amusing in its latter-day Woody Allen way. For most of the way, its morals are happily, believably wrong, but all bad things must come to an end.
BAD Finding Amanda has some of the good and a lot of the bad aspects of a first film written and directed by the same person.
FAIR Much of Finding Amanda doesn't stand up to close scrutiny, but at its best the still-boyish Broderick suggests his most famous character, Ferris Bueller, going through a midlife crisis.
BAD Tolan writes regularly for smart shows like Rescue Me, but his best instincts deserted him when he set his sights on the big screen for the first time.
BAD Written with more bite, the premise might hold up, but as executed here by Tolan, it is a soft-hearted, haphazard mess.
FAIR Writer-director Peter Tolan has glibness down pat, but can't quite wring the intended pathos from his characters' desperate lives. He does, however, give Broderick his best part since Election.
FAIR Set mostly in Las Vegas, Finding Amanda offers a vision of confused Americans losing their already shaky bearings in the world's gaudiest honky-tonk.
BAD This cloying comedy is barely enlivened by its talented stars who both deserve much better.
GOOD The familiar premise here has sharp fangs, unsparing wit and a knockout performance by Brittany Snow as the round-heeled 20-year-old.
FAIR A peculiar film, which is really two films fighting to occupy the same space.
BAD "Finding Amanda" is little more than what "Hardcore" might have been like if it had been rewritten by the author of a dirty joke book--an idea that, come to think of it, is actually more amusing than anything on display here.
FAIR It can be done -- there are rich, sordid black comedies out there -- but Tolan doesn't quite pull it off.
BAD An uncle watching his niece pick up a john should sting, not feel like we're meant to snicker at the uncomfortable look on Broderick's face.
BAD Finding Amanda, the alternate title of which might well have been "I Oughta Be in Rehab," is an uneasy chronicle of addiction and denial wrapped in the rhythms of Neil Simon.
FAIR The film's tone shifts jarringly from superficial broad comedy to something far darker. And the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold scenario is as old as the profession itself.
FAIR A fun look at Vegas that imbues the seediness of the setting with a sense of innocence and warmth that might take some by surprise.
BAD A clumsy mash of Leaving Las Vegas and Hardcore.
FAIR A breakthrough for Brittany Snow who shows she can do much more than horrible remakes and teen comedies...
BAD ... they should've renamed this one Finding the Right Tone.
GOOD Girl-and-her-horse story with some peril might inspire kids.
FAIR The performances across the board are strong, but it's Murray who's most impressive.
FAIR The potentially sordid FDR-and-Daisy half of the drama is feebly unrewarding, bordering on pointless, and bogged down by ponderous narration.
FAIR An unconventional drama that succeeds despite an uneven plot.
BAD The possibilities are endless, but none of them are explored with any depth herein.
GOOD ...you certainly could do worse than enjoy a fanciful little film about a gentle president, his supposedly homely lover and two twittish English people appalled by hot dogs. I just wish they'd gone ahead and changed the names.
FAIR It's been a long time since Lost in Translation (2003), which is the last time Bill Murray did anything of real note in a film. Here he partially redeems the latter phase of his film career playing pre-war US President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
FAIR A delightful piece of historical speculation grounded in historical details and personal recollections that have continually been coming to light over the last seventy years ... Murray is terrific in the part - charming, at ease and cunning as a fox.
BAD The issue of FDR's fidelity remains a thorny topic for traditionalists and historians, never mind the light, fluffy - and ultimately disposable - version of events.
FAIR Even Murray, who never fails to be the most watchable actor in any film, can't prevent Hyde Park On Hudson from being too insipid.
BAD It's not the strongest premise for a movie, though Hyde Park on Hudson somehow contrives to make it seem rather less than the sum of its parts.
BAD When the central drama concerns whether the Royal Couple will eat hot dogs or not, you can tell it's too slender a premise to hang on a film on.
FAIR FDR's story is strikingly relevant to how Paralympians strive so hard today to correct our perception of 'disability'.
BAD It's icky stuff, not helped by Murray giving perhaps the worst performance of his career. And I include Garfield 2.
BAD Perhaps Hyde Park on Hudson would have been more edifying if it hadn't been released in the wake of The King's Speech.
FAIR Inoffensive and insubstantial.
FAIR It's a bit antimacassar and too reliant on superior production design and a syrupy score. But if you just watch the acting, it's enough.
FAIR The breezy, entertaining tone of this historical comedy-drama kind of undermines the fact that it centres on one of the most pivotal moments in US-British history.
BAD With such a strong cast, Hyde Park on Hudson should have offered so much more.
BAD Despite the best efforts of its talented cast, Hyde Park on Hudson is trivial and novelettish.
BAD The movie insists on an unearned sentimentality and nostalgia about a situation and a period that is never fully evoked or explored.
FAIR The film tinkles on affably, never quite sure of its focus but civilised, gentle, prettily-mannered.
BAD Hyde Park on Hudson has precious little truck with reality, either historical or emotional: it's a thin tale shot with a kind of manic cosiness that belies its slightly creepy plot.
FAIR There's much of historical interest here, and it's very well acted, if a little slow.
FAIR Watchable drama, heightened by a quartet of terrific performances from Murray, Williams, West and Colman, though the plot is ultimately rather slight and never really sparks to life.
FAIR Hyde Park is of fleeting interesting to a degree, but always feels like it is missing more exciting historical opportunities at the same time.
BAD A frustrating, wasted opportunity, destined to remain in the shadow of its cinematic sibling.
FAIR It's a lightweight, three-star way to kill a couple of hours if you're at a loose end on that lazy bank holiday Sunday.
FAIR Somewhat uneven and ultimately underwhelming, but there's plenty to admire and enjoy here nonetheless.
BAD The whole endeavour feels like a hastily cobbled together attempt to cash in on the post-Oscars glory of The King's Speech. In the end, it's entirely forgettable.
BAD Bill Murray isn't bad as the polio-afflicted 32nd commander in chief. The trouble is that the rest of the film goes adrift in its choices.
BAD Disappointing given the talent and situation, dull as ditchwater and historically suspect ...
FAIR Ultimately, it's just a pleasant little movie where the dramatic highlight is whether or not King George VI will bring himself to eat a hot dog.
FAIR Bill Murray proves a sound choice as the president who quietly battled polio. So too does Samuel West, as the stammering King George VI.
FAIR Whether it bears any resemblance to what actually happened is almost academic in a film that takes a precious moment in time and transforms it into a witty, civilised country house drama.
BAD Like the equally ludicrous Hitchcock, Hyde Park on Hudson is a character assassination posing as a movie.
BAD The movie is most alive when Bill Murray's Roosevelt and Samuel West's King George VI retreat from the crowd and talk man to man.
BAD FDR Is Happy
GOOD I enjoyed the movie for what it is, though I wish it had a better sense of itself.
FAIR The film bounces jauntily along, it's never less than handsome to look at, and the actors all do fine jobs.
FAIR 'The Day the King Ate a Hot Dog' might be a more informative title for this wispy historical trifle...
GOOD A carefully choreographed devil's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil can't exist without good, but that evil often wins. This uniquely unsympathetic, world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth.
BAD The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing.
FAIR I'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol.
BAD This film fails so miserably don't be surprised to find yourself often rooting against the supposed good guy.
FAIR Lord of War has a surreal edge, despite being enmeshed in world events, with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout.
BAD Una pelicula frivola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el trafico de armas. Entretiene, pero como denuncia cinica se queda corta.
FAIR The movie's too flippant for good drama and not funny enough for satire, but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage's reptilian performance hold our interest.
FAIR Impressive performances, fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial, but in the end, it feels too much like an illustrated lecture.
FAIR Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here, substituting feverishness for character development...
FAIR The high point is Niccol's script, which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy.
GOOD This film entertained me throughout, but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers.
GOOD O anti-heroi complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar, de forma inventiva e fascinante, o mercado negro (abastecido por grandes governos) das armas de fogo.
GOOD An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy.
GOOD Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue. Sadly, there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth.
GOOD (Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing. He's that good.
FAIR Cage is perfectly cast and he's on top form here, subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky, off-kilter performances.
FAIR It's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they've been entertained or criminalized.
GOOD [W]hile the film is powered by a righteous anger, it is also very funny, stylish and daring.
GOOD Here's an interesting dramatic film that's looking for a demographic.
BAD Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.
FAIR A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure.
FAIR The approach to Yuri's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never break their poker faces in trying to make him any more or any less than what he actually is.
FAIR Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who's retreated into preachy speechifying.
FAIR An interesting study of an unrepentant louse.
GOOD Moral ambiguity has rarely been so well done on screen.
BAD Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never want to meet or spend two hours with in a theater.
GOOD This is Niccol's bravest movie to date, and it is an unquestionably brilliant work.
FAIR A great, bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time.
FAIR Cage blunts the film's message by his over-acting, turning it into a film that's not quite serious drama, not quite comedy, and not quite good.
BAD Just Like Heaven is a typical romantic comedy that stumbles on the problems of being not particularly funny or interesting. It could have been truly heartwarming, but is so heavy handed here that the final result is merely sentimental pap.
GOOD Kudos to Witherspoon and Ruffalo for generating enough screen chemistry to insure a teary-eyed finale that'll make you forget the fact that you're watching a shameless rip-off.
GOOD One of the best times I've had at the movies in a while. It's not perfect. It's not very deep. But it's a whole lot of fun and even a little moving.
FAIR While the picture adheres to romantic-comedy formula, it's not entirely formulaic, and the actors, who appear to be having fun, give it a bright and undeniable appeal.
BAD Um filminho simpatico protagonizado por dois atores carismaticos. E, ainda assim, nao e um bom sinal que eu esteja utilizando a palavra 'filminho' para descreve-lo.
GOOD There's also strong support from Donal Logue (as David's best friend Jack) and Jon Heder, who proves there's life after Napoleon Dynamite with an amusing comic turn as a supernatural bookseller who agrees to help David.
FAIR ... it is refreshing to see a love story played out with sincerity.
BAD With apologies to The Cure... 'Show me show me show me/ How you make a flick/ That has a hackneyed theme,' she said.
FAIR This trifling love story is thoroughly ridiculous but still surprisingly enjoyable
FAIR Witherspoon and Ruffalo have some real sparks. Satisfying and sweet
FAIR When my body and spirit decide to go their separate ways, I want to be perky and beautiful like Reese Witherspoon in Just Like Heaven.
FAIR A spirited diversion that showcases the talents of Witherspoon and Ruffalo, who should team up again soon.
FAIR It took me about 45 minutes into "Just Like Heaven" to figure out just exactly what it is: A contemporary retelling of "Sleeping Beauty."
GOOD Director Mark S. Waters again transcends the expectations of his subject matter to make a sweet surprise of a film that demands rewatching.
FAIR Reese Witherspoon returns to a classier brand of romantic comedy.
FAIR Offers further proof that a film really can get by on the charms of its stars.
FAIR It's fine for what it is. A romantic comedy with a slight supernatural bent, but it doesn't go far enough.
GOOD Starts out glib and gimmicky but later digs surprisingly deep.
FAIR I was laughing &/or crying the whole time (aside from the first & last ten minutes). I liked it!
BAD A film that is never quite sure what it wants to be.
BAD Audiences for 'Heaven' can wait - for the DVD.
FAIR Witherspoon provides whip-smart comic timing and a bubbly charm that makes you love Elizabeth even when she's being Felix Unger to Ruffalo's Oscar Madison.
GOOD Date movies don't get much better than this one.
FAIR ...two lead actors who are strong enough to carry the movie despite a predictable and mediocre screenplay
GOOD Heavenly casting makes this a charming love story.
FAIR In the face of Witherspoon's unrepentant charms, it's very difficult to resist.
FAIR Ruffalo and Witherspoon bring conviction to their roles; they're taking the story seriously and that allows us to do the same.
GOOD This is a thoroughly engrossing and densely textured drama, showing Farhadi's cool skill in dissecting the Iranian middle classes and the unhappiness of marriage.
FAIR ...a depressing introduction to the duplicity of adulthood.
FAIR a forgotten classic that holds a lot of nostalgia
FAIR There's a sunny feeling here that's impossible to deny: a warm, inviting tone unseen in more recent fare.
FAIR Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.
GOOD Magic-filled fantasy adventure for tweens and up.
BAD As a movie, it's a hell of a video game
GOOD It isn't without significant flaws, but overall an effective and memorable fantasy spectacle.
FAIR This is how I always figured the project got started: ILM called Ron, and said 'Ronnnnnnn, we're BORED.'
BAD Gad.
GOOD A sloppy and intermittently goofy flick, but it still holds enough charm, excitement and good humor to please quest fans.
BAD It works better as a portfolio for ILM techies than an example of such hoary entertainment standards as acting, screenwriting, plotting, and direction.
BAD Although the dragon is a fantastic early computer generated creation and must have cost a bundle to design, the film itself is too long, too slowly paced, and not very intelligent.
GOOD Grand escapism
FAIR ...high production values, elaborate sets, and gorgeous cinematography make it worth seeing at least once. Yet, I found in it no compelling reasons for a revisit.
FAIR At the story level, Willow is turgid and relentlessly predictable.
GOOD Welles's deeply haunting depiction of the life of William Randolph Hearst has long been synonymous with the director's spectacularly odd and genuinely tragic career.
GOOD One of the best films out there, and certainly a high point in early cinema. The love for Citizen Kane is deserved.
GOOD Citizen Kane has been cited as the greatest film ever made from so many different quarters, it's a wonder that a Congressional law hasn't been passed making it required viewing for anyone who claims they like movies.
GOOD Classic should be required for any movie lover.
GOOD Citizen Kane is not only an entertaining film, but it is also a deeply heartfelt, though provoking, and intelligent one as well. Like a fine wine it has aged well over the last 60 odd years.
GOOD To revisit it now is still to marvel at its wit, audacity and sheer entertainment value.
GOOD Many of the novel techniques Welles developed with cinematographer Gregg Toland were calculated to offer new angles on film space.
GOOD With its spirit of visual and narrative innovation, and Welles's precocious, towering central performance, Citizen Kane almost lives up to its own reputation as the best of all time.
GOOD There's no denying that his bravura performance, both in front of the camera and behind it, is spellbindingly effective.
GOOD There can hardly be anything left to say about Citizen Kane, now revived on the big screen, other than to comment on sublime moments.
GOOD A ground-breaking masterpiece. It contains so many examples of cinematic brilliance that it's a shock it won only one Oscar (for the screenplay).
GOOD Truly one of the greatest films ever.
GOOD It would be nice to be able to buck the critical orthodoxy and say how tired and overrated Citizen Kane is; but the dulll truth is, it's still, indisputably, one of the great masterpieces of cinema.
GOOD Citizen Kane is the biggest cinematic landmark since pictures first started moving.
GOOD Look at it from an entertainment standpoint. What you'll find is that it's a very entertaining, sometimes very funny and always extremely playful film.
GOOD The amazing depth of story and richness of composition make Citizen Kane a must-see for anyone who considers themselves a lover of films.
GOOD It remains a gloriously entertaining classic.
GOOD Citizen Kane is no relic. Pop in the DVD and you'll find what you least expect - a really cool flick.
GOOD Citizen Kane is far and away the most surprising and cinematically exciting motion picture to be seen here in many a moon. As a matter of fact, it comes close to being the most sensational film ever made in Hollywood.
GOOD The greatest film of all time now has a DVD to match.
GOOD A film that actually feels more modern than most of what we see nowadays, sixty some years later.
GOOD Duh.
GOOD Yeah, it really IS all that good.
GOOD Charles Foster Kane se torna assustadoramente real a medida em que o filme tenta desvendar sua personalidade.
GOOD A backwards detective story with Kane's lost childhood as an elusive puzzle piece in a lifetime of megalomania.
GOOD Kids who watch this movie can never know how revolutionary it was.
GOOD No scene in Kane ever fails to amaze me, and watching it for perhaps the 15th time on this new DVD, I still felt fulfilled and happy afterward.
GOOD The question has never been whether 'Citizen Kane' is one of the greatest films ever made. The question is whether it is THE greatest.
GOOD A potent metaphor for the betrayal of principles, the souring of the American Dream, and an intelligent mediation on the corrupting nature of power.
GOOD Holy Motors is visionary, absurd, melancholy, ecstatic, confounding, and ultimately transcendent. If 2012 spawns a better film I will eat a bouquet of flowers.
GOOD The movie is a puzzle meant to be played and enjoyed, not solved. As Oscar asserts: 'We're having a ball in the back of beyond.'
GOOD ...this is a fascinating film experience where you never quite know what's coming next, and feel nothing but fulfilled when the eventual entertainment reveal arrives.
FAIR Read a dozen reviews of "Holy Motors" and you'll mostly get a dozen people scrambling not to admit that they don't quite get it.
FAIR Offering a weird and wonderful tangle of ideas, Carax and Lavant are clearly reveling in the madcap vibe, and together they have created an entertainingly barmy and gag-filled ode to both cinema and what Oscar calls 'the beauty in the act'.
FAIR Surreal and inscrutable, it's visually compelling avante-garde cinema that may leave you wondering, 'What was that about?'
GOOD Holy Motors e uma declaracao de amor ao Cinema, um suspiro de impaciencia acerca do Cinema e uma manifestacao de desesperanca diante do estado atual do Cinema. Uma desesperanca que a propria existencia do filme se encarrega de suprimir.
GOOD Mystifying and emotion-stirring, it demands that you bring yourself
GOOD "Holy Motors" is a post-apocalyptic movie, if your idea of the apocalypse was the demise of 35mm film and the rise of YouTube culture.
GOOD As playful as it is...Holy Motors has the power to haunt as much as to amuse.
GOOD For all its disruptive energy, Holy Motors is also a thing of sublime beauty.
GOOD It may be the weirdest and most challenging movie to open in Austin this year. It's also oddly moving.
FAIR As frustratingly opaque as Carax's art film is, Denis Lavant is fantastic in the lead role, as he portrays character after character, all with the utmost credibility.
FAIR I admire the film for thinking out of the box, but it just tries too hard to be weird. It ends up imploding on itself due to its over-ambition.
FAIR If you like a movie that dares you to keep up and that demands your willingness to let some parts of it remain mystifying, "Holy Motors" is a ride worth taking.
GOOD Totally exhilarating and completely bonkers, like if 'Quantum Leap' had been a French art film
GOOD A joyous experience.
BAD Audiences who care about character and plot are liable to take the exit to a movie that makes sense.
GOOD All this random action, Carax suggests, is for some vast, abstract audience anxious to lose itself in imagined narratives.
GOOD Weird, baffling, and the lunatic work of a powerfully ambitious filmmaker, 'Holy Motors' is one of the best films of the year.
FAIR I just know Holy Motors tickled me, cosmic pretensions and all.
FAIR Holy Motors is wild and unfettered and playful - the work of an artist who carries his love of cinema in his bones, and knows how to share that affection with the audience.
GOOD This is the most exhilarating cinema ride of 2012, a marvellously mobile mystery trip.
GOOD In "Holy Motors" Carax insists on our other selves. His daylong ride is a wary celebration, a joyful dirge that's served up in concentrated form by a roving band of accordion players. It's all in a day's work.
GOOD It's rare that we get the chance to encounter anything this freely inventive, this amusing, this ineffably sad and, yet, this full of life.
FAIR A fascinating and heartbreaking study of humanity, one leavened with a refreshing levity and humor that makes Carax's philosophy on life not only palatable, but thoroughly enjoyable.
GOOD A stunning exploration of identity in both society and filmmaking that features one of the best performances of the year by some stretch.
GOOD A film that not only demands repeat viewings but also makes that an attractive proposition.
GOOD A multitude of pleasures abound if one gives into the insane spell the film casts.
GOOD A glorious, gross, absurd, haunting dream and deconstruction of identity that may enthrall like a symphony or annoy like a rash.
GOOD Lavant is splendid in the film, and he's essentially the entire film - and yet, "Holy Motors" is somewhat more than a contraption built for a fearless performer.
BAD Here, the times are changing and so is the plot. In fact, you can expect a mood swing every five minutes, in a story so muddled even the strong cast, including Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, can't save it.
GOOD This poignant, flashback flick, is worthwhile for the opportunity to see a couple of seasoned pros, its very well-acquainted leads, Oscar-nominees Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, opposite each other again, for the seventh time in their careers.
FAIR Techine would have been better off ditching the supporting characters altogether and focusing on the relationship between Antoine and Cecile.
FAIR [Techine's] observations of culture clashes... are thought-provoking but - like most of the movie - keep the audience emotionally separated from the characters' hearts.
FAIR A spare but rich film from French master technician AndrA (C) TA (C)chinA (C).
FAIR [a] strangely moving love story
FAIR Techine is so intrigued by the dramatic differences between the sisters that you might not even notice they are the same actress.
FAIR French director Andre Techine sketches a family with the usual flaws, but takes the unusual step of not fixing them.
FAIR ... another gorgeous and immensely satisfying reminder that there are few better directors than Techine when it comes to capturing the vagaries of the heart.
GOOD If Changing Times' last shots don't touch you, your heart may be frozen.
FAIR Despite its weaknesses, Changing Times (Les Temps Qui Changent in French) is always watchable and even poignant from time to time.
FAIR A surprising entertainment for the mature among us.
BAD Techine has a location, two stars and a situation, but he can't seem to parlay that into a story, and a story would help, not only in terms of audience pleasure (not something to be dismissed) but also in terms of focusing the film's intention.
FAIR [Techine is] intelligent and intuitive, getting up close to his characters and snatching glimpses of their souls with only the tiniest effort.
FAIR Until the film ends, Techine masterfully maintains an uncomfortable suspense, only to provide a soothing, wonderful and much welcome release.
FAIR The film seems to lack real weight or resonance beyond itself, despite the warm and easy working relationship Deneuve and Depardieu share.
FAIR Changing Times offers a cool and refreshing aperitif at the end of a warm Bastille Day.
BAD It's always enjoyable watching Depardieu and Deneuve, but they deserve better material than they've been given by Techine.
FAIR The ending is both shamelessly cliched and -- for Cecile -- out of character.
BAD For all of these interconnected characters, announced intentions take the place of character details.
FAIR Deneuve turns her uncertainty into a poetic, fierce performance
FAIR The movie is burdened by several other, far-less compelling subplots that compete for our attention.
GOOD Every character in Andr&#233; T&#233;chin&#233;'s rich, warmhearted exploration of cultural collision oscillates between two worlds and two ideas about the meaning of experience.
GOOD [Director Andre] Techine always locates a steadfast emotional element in the worlds he creates, a defiant human construct against unstoppable change. In Changing Times, it is love, in unfamiliar forms.
GOOD A strange and oddly touching tale about a man's yearning to reconnect with his first love of 30 years ago.
GOOD The two icons [Deneuve and Depardieu] remain an extraordinary combination.
FAIR There's a greater range of emotional complexity in a single close-up from Changing Times than there is in all of Cache.
FAIR It's practically certain to lull moviegoers into a pleasant state of dreamy bliss.
FAIR The heart of the film's charm is Sandra Bullock.
BAD Compared to While You Were Sleeping, even the half-baked scenario of the Marisa Tomei-Robert Downey Jr. romance Only You looks witty and inventive.
BAD The movie seems better suited to a holiday release. While You Were Sleeping arrives at the peak of spring, the only season that can make Christmas seem like an unwelcome visitor.
FAIR While You Were Sleeping may not be a film for the ages. It likely won't even rank among the presummer season's biggest hits. But it is worth noting, for it may mark the birth of a star.
FAIR It's Bullock's first shot at a role in which she plays second fiddle neither to males nor special effects. And she turns out to be every bit as delightful as anyone might have expected.
FAIR It's a long and frustrating wait, but While You Were Sleeping delivers all you can ask of a romantic comedy: the deluxe payoff.
BAD A cute premise with engaging leads but little else to keep you awake.
FAIR It plays like a movie dreamed up by people in a studio marketing department who'd decided to bare their souls.
GOOD This smartly scripted Cinderella love story is crammed with charm and the expert direction of Jon Turteltaub hits all the right emotional buttons.
GOOD This year's Sleepless In Seattle. Only better.
GOOD Appealing family comedy with old-fashioned feel.
FAIR A mild romantic comedy rooted in class anxiety, but it's nice to see perennial loser-in-love Pullman get some. Respect, that is.
FAIR This is the first romantic comedy I've seen in a long time that, by the third act, doesn't forget about being funny.
FAIR Surprisingly half-decent high-concept chick-flick material.
GOOD Classic Sandra Bullock romantic comedy.
GOOD A welcome ray of sunshine.
FAIR A modern romantic comedy that actually works.
BAD Bullock, with her attractive but unglamorous image, gives humanity and a little bit of realism to an otherwise fairytale plot.
FAIR Turteltaub wisely plays his strength by giving us extended close-ups of Bullock, who is at once canny and vulnerable, rising above this workmanlike comedy.
FAIR A cute, throwaway romantic comedy.
FAIR A perfect example of this unoriginal-but-enjoyable type of film making.
FAIR A feel-good film, warm and good-hearted.
FAIR Interesting twist on the romantic triangle.
FAIR A bright, charming romance.
FAIR A lighthearted, charming nougat for romantics.
FAIR A gem of a movie.
FAIR Romantic, sweet without being cloying, and light on its feet.
BAD Predictable at best and just plain dull most of the time.
FAIR A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
GOOD Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
GOOD As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
GOOD What more could you ask for in a sequel?
GOOD Um filme de espioes para adultos.
FAIR By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
GOOD A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
BAD Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to mention if you care about who is in jeopardy.
GOOD Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
GOOD Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
FAIR Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
GOOD At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
BAD The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
GOOD Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not better than their earlier films.
FAIR Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
FAIR 'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no le pida mas'
GOOD I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
GOOD Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
GOOD A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
GOOD Bourne es un antiheroe, un hombre incomodo en su rol, un sicario amnesico atormentado por sus demonios.
GOOD (T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
GOOD Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
BAD This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
FAIR A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
GOOD Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy." A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
FAIR Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
GOOD Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
GOOD A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
FAIR If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't expect much more than that.
FAIR On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
GOOD conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
GOOD Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
GOOD Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't be surprised if you leave the movie sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
BAD ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
GOOD Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
FAIR Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
GOOD Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
FAIR For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
GOOD It's a delight.
FAIR It's a warm, sunny film that should remind viewers favorably of an early Aldomovar film, in which strong, beautiful, but slightly nutty women carry the day.
FAIR ... it's nice to know that Hollywood endings aren't entirely in the straight domain.
BAD Elvira, Sol, and Jimena -- named for women in the life of El Cid -- are so spoiled and blind to their mother's happiness that they're often thoroughly unpleasant.
BAD A graceless film about hateful people...apart from some Prague scenery in the last act, My Mother Likes Women is thoroughly ugly.
BAD A sometimes cloying mix of screwball comedy and drama.
BAD An aggressively silly take on subject matter that deserves more thought, but the performers -- virtually all of whom are women -- have so much energy and conviction you almost don't notice.
BAD Sarda never makes a believable lesbian.
FAIR It's little more than an amusing sitcom.
FAIR ...it's hard not to root for all these characters to get what they want.
FAIR Skirts predictability and political correctness in equal measure, adding up to an entertaining night at the movies.
BAD Despite the promise of its title, this is a movie that skirts the issues of gay relationships at every turn.
BAD Almost no one in this film acts or reacts the way someone would on planet Earth.
FAIR The mother's love affair is key, but the movie belongs to Elvira. Leonor Watling brings warmth to this neurotic creature that makes her shine, even in the midst of chaos.
BAD My Mother Likes Women wants keenly to be hip and modern, but really it's just an old-fashioned drawing-room comedy.
FAIR Slight but amusing and likable.
BAD The film and its star, Watling, could not be more off-putting.
FAIR Leonor Watling is worth the price of admission all by herself.
BAD Cheerfully ham-fisted celebration of love and family in modern-day Madrid.
FAIR It's trying so hard to be a crowd-pleaser that it never stops to think that you might want to find its characters' behavior believable.
BAD Corny and forgettable.
FAIR There's a strong heart beating beneath the foolishness and one wonderful performance from Leonor Watling.
FAIR The fizz of playful sexual anarchy bubbles like spiked ginger ale through the comedy, whose two stars are veterans of recent Pedro Almodovar films.
BAD Annie has a fun, fizzing feel-good factor but, unfortunately, little in the way of lasting resonance.
FAIR As much as we fear remakes of classic films there are, on occasion, heartening examples where it's done right. Here we have a nicely updated, jazzed-up version of the unfairly maligned 1982 John Huston musical.
BAD The song selection and its presentation seems out of his control.
BAD The filmmakers only thought about how to make it current, and not about how to make it better.
FAIR Annie is not the awful film it's been painted as. In fact, it has much in its favor.
BAD Musicals are made to enchant and help us sing the blues away...and for that, I'd recommend the original "Annie". You're only a day away...
BAD Another unoriginal Hollywood remake that no one really asked for. The music holds up, and it's a testament to those songs that they can withstand this misfire of a film.
BAD A flattened, bowdlerised project that has passed through too many hands
BAD It's clear that those behind this Annie remake wanted to achieve: A progressive new take on an old standard, just in time for families to enjoy during Christmas holidays. If only Smith, Jay-Z and Gluck could have focused more on delivering a good film.
BAD Are you a little girl, aged between six and ten?... Have you learnt every song from Frozen and are you ready to torment your parents with a whole new repertoire?... congratulations, you are part of the ridiculously specific target audience for [Annie].
BAD It's not an utter disaster. How could it be given Quvenzhane Wallis's unfettered joy and easy rapport with Jamie Foxx and Rose Byrne? But she's the only thing in a reimagined "Annie" that treats rather than tricks as it strains to manufacture whimsy.
BAD Two of my favorite people in Hollywood working together on an exciting reimagining of one of my favorite musicals -- what could go wrong? Sadly, too much.
BAD Even Sandy the dog looks like he's had enough.
BAD It's a hard-knock life for cinemagoers who make the mistake of going to see this new version of Annie hoping for some of the Broadway pizzazz of the original.
FAIR This latest "Annie" could have been told more efficiently, and with more depth, but with Wallis and Foxx leading the cast, it's an engaging enough, if not memorable, remake.
BAD The 1977 Broadway hit has suffered an overblown 1982 adaptation, a sickly 1999 TV movie and a terrible stage sequel. But the worst hadn't happened to it until this awkwardly updated, misconceived and sloppy remake.
BAD There you have it, kids: all you need is love. Although loads of money and a good wi-fi signal definitely help.
BAD There's not much delight to be had in an orphan's bedazzlement by this corporate paradise - besides, is gaining material wealth all the story has to offer?
BAD You can "betcha bottom dollaaar" that this the most pointless remake of the year.
BAD Take out Quvenzhane Wallis, and it instantaneously becomes one of the most hateful, ill-made studio pictures of the year
BAD Leapin' lizards, was this a bad idea.
BAD The blame falls squarely on Gluck, who appears to have never seen a musical film in his life, shoots dance numbers with staid limpidity and zero sense of rhythm, and edits them in a way so as all the performers are barely visible.
FAIR This refreshing take on events feels lost in a movie that feels so outdated, as obsolete as the much-loved 1982 original.
BAD Foxx and Company Flounder in Bland "Annie."
BAD This remake updates the musical to include hip-hop stylings, Twitter updates and YouTube references, but any charm has been left behind in John Huston's 1982 film.
FAIR Wallis keeps things watchable, exuding real screen presence. However, even with talented singer Foxx onboard, there isn't a single memorable rendition of the familiar tunes, and 'Tomorrow' hangs around like a kitchen odour.
BAD A 21st Century variation on the age-old theme where an insufferable 1%-er finally gets in touch with his sensitive side with the help of an irresistible ragamuffin representing the downtrodden rest of humanity.
FAIR Wallis here retains all the unaffected charm that she showcased in Beasts, skipping nimbly between comedy, pathos and show-stopping song and dance, lending credible heart and soul to a production that so often fails to find its feet.
BAD Wallis is the only one among the cast to bring some real energy to the screen...
FAIR This Annie wouldn't survive on 'American Idol' or 'Dancing with the Stars.' She's a charmer all the same.
FAIR The film is frequently awkward, suffers from some pedestrian choreography and wears its heart perhaps a bit too openly on its sleeve. But it's also charming, well-acted... and, most surprisingly, quite funny.
BAD Annie lands in an uninventive middle ground - it isn't necessary (or an improvement) but it isn't a total disaster either.
GOOD It's ultimately hard to resist a family-friendly film that's this confident and energetic -- and genuinely funny -- without ever pandering.
FAIR A high school killing spree leads to a captivating examination of parenthood and the 'nature vs nurture' debate.
FAIR A real-world horror movie -- for parents.
GOOD It may not be a crowd-pleaser, but it's not every day we get an emotional powerhouse of a film done this well.
GOOD We Need To Talk About Kevin is a brooding, unnerving but wholly rewarding film.
GOOD It would be easy to say that the film would be nothing without Tilda Swinton. It wouldn't, but the narrative is quite engaging and Swinton's isn't the only terrific performance.
GOOD One of the most chilling films of 2011
FAIR The best horror penetrates beyond external vibe to internal thought-process and the film never truly takes us within the mother's head.
FAIR Un drama psicologico tenso y abrumador, en algun punto quizas insoportable. Al final, nadie espera que se entienda por que paso lo que paso, pero si al menos que se tenga una aproximacion a lo que es vivir con una pesadilla a cuestas.
GOOD Whatever you think of the philosophical weight of Ramsay's film - I find it ... less nuanced than David Foster Wallace's one liner that Hobbes was simply "Rousseau in a dark mirror" - there's a fierce integrity in Swinton's performance.
FAIR Irony clashes with disturbing drama
BAD A pretentious, unpleasant, woolly headed movie that's nothing more than a cheesy horror picture for people who wouldn't be caught dead going to a cheesy horror picture.
FAIR Smug but fascinating: The movie is a woman's cry of anguish for an unjust world that enables men at all levels of age and power to get away with cruelty, brutality, murder and even war because, well, 'that's what boys DO.'
FAIR Swinton doesn't say much; she doesn't have to. Her tear-stained eyes and anguished face carry all her emotions. In a career filled with so many terrific, subtle performances, this is clearly one of her best.
FAIR Of all the nomination flubs made this past January by the Academy of Harvey Weinstein Arts and Sciences, the most egregious mistake was arguably the lack of a Best Actress nod for Tilda Swinton.
GOOD A meaty, full-fat, marrow-rich, extra-pulp vision of the nightmare side of motherhood, given realism by a pair of all-too believable performances.
GOOD An unconventionally structured but thoroughly riveting indie drama, propelled by a searing performance from Tilda Swinton.
BAD We Need to Talk About Kevin is basically emotional torture porn as the camera lingers on Eva as she repeatedly suffers inhuman amounts of psychological distress while the audience wonders how much more she, and we, can take.
FAIR Fragmented, dreamlike, a whir of memories and misery, We Need to Talk About Kevin is unsettling, but also somehow unnecessary.
GOOD "We Need to Talk About Kevin" is confrontational cinema that will leave you speechless.
GOOD Brilliant and unrelentingly bleak.
GOOD It's a hallmark of "Kevin's" emotional bravery and intellectual honesty that the questions haunt us long after the end credits roll.
BAD You understand the symbolism implied in Kevin's choice of weapon, but I didn't really believe it could work as a WMD.
BAD Some movies punish you, but you take it because you're getting something out of the bargain: an insight, a performance, art, adrenaline. Then there are the movies that punish you for the heck of it.
FAIR No one does layered suffering like Swinton - you feel her pain and much more besides.
GOOD Swinton is brilliant in a difficult and painful film.
BAD [F]eels like sleeptime indigestion finally cooling off.
BAD An annoying provocation with too little to say, a serious credibility deficit, a whiff of misandry, and a miscalculated, unseemly gusto for abusing its hero. Instead of having catharsis, the audience just gets had.
GOOD I realize that, in praising the film, I've probably talked most readers out of seeing it. But it's an undeniably powerful piece of art that engages fully with its disturbing subject matter.
FAIR Director Ramsay seems intent on scaring parents everywhere, but she also wants this cautionary tale to make us think too.
BAD Ramsay may be aiming for a character study of Kevin, but she ends up merely listing the ingredients needed to make a murderer.
FAIR Lynne Ramsay's thoughtful, unnerving film works its strange power over viewers who are likely to find themselves as compelled as repelled by its fatally flawed key players.
BAD The narrative strategy amounts to little more than film-school strenuousness, and in the end it can't conceal the movie's essential crudeness - its coarse, artless dialogue, blank character writing and intellectual vacuity.
GOOD Imagine The Good Son re-dreamt by Nicolas Roeg, and you might have something close to Lynne Ramsay's We Need To Talk About Kevin...
GOOD Ramsay, filming in lurid reds and unblinking close-ups, lets no one off the hook here; this is truly a domestic horror story, with no easy answers and nobody blameless.
FAIR Tilda Swinton is the star of We Need to Talk About Kevin, and her performance is so complex and volcanic and transfixing that all of the film's flaws melt away.
FAIR There's no equivocating ... over the excellence of the acting by Swinton and casting find Ezra Miller
GOOD If "The Commitments" shows the gritty, robust side of Dublin and the Irish music scene, "Once" shows us a softer, more romantic side.
FAIR There is much to admire about Once, in a little-movie-that-could kind of way, but it can't help but get in its own way just when it begins to gain some momentum
BAD my biggest road block was the fact that I didn't like the music
GOOD It has its own peculiar naturalism, a kind of lo-fi, lovelorn charm.
GOOD Um filme magico que, atraves de sua narrativa enganosamente simples, alcanca uma vitoria que escapa a maioria das obras do genero, retratando com sentimento o instante preciso no qual dois seres humanos se descobrem apaixonados um pelo outro.
GOOD Once is the anti-blockbuster that couldn't have come at a better time.
GOOD a tender little ultralow budget movie about the intimate connection of making music...the warm folkiness of the songs and their generally non-narrative-pushing content make it feel more like a long, lovely home movie of a short portion of two people's liv
FAIR Un effort battant la mesure d'une maniere somme toute imparfaite, mais neanmoins prenante, qu'un genre aussi excessif que le film musical a besoin de temps a autre...
GOOD A moving story about two people who share a common love of music.
BAD mia idiaiteri kinimatografiki empeiria, esto kai san kolaz, apo mia seira binteoklip me toys idioys, agapimenoys soy protagonistes
GOOD With delicate care and a modest street musician attitude, Carney has reinvented what a movie musical can be.
GOOD ...an epic told in incomplete lyric lines, a classic fable forged out of slowly strummed guitar, lilting piano, and strained, struggling voices.
GOOD Though the trailer for Once might pique your curiosity, you don't know the freight train of raw emotion that's about to blindside you.
GOOD Carney's Once is definitely not enough...thoroughly inspirational, lyrical, charming and cheeky...a winning spark that ignites the lovelorn imagination.
FAIR A minimalist musical which makes the most of the 'boy-meets-girl theme.
GOOD Sweet, romantic musical hits all the right notes.
GOOD A simply sung tale that deserves attention.
GOOD A soulful valentine to music, friendship and the joys of honest hard graft, played out in the bedsits and recording studios of a deglamourised Dublin.
GOOD A rare innocence and a fresh approach to filmmaking make this a thoroughly charming and unconventional love story.
GOOD In some places the camerawork feels a little underwhelming, and at times the leads' inexperience in acting shows up in comparison to their musical performances, but overall it works as a quiet, wistful modern romance.
GOOD A film to fall in love with and take a date to, Once's heart leaps from its sleeve. Pure and simple yet multiplex-unfriendly, this fantastic musical may take some seeking out, but once found it's hard to forget.
GOOD Note to metalheads: if Damien Rice-style singer-songwriters have you reaching for the sick bucket, you might want to give it a miss.
GOOD The year's most pleasant cinematic surprise. Once has enough heart, wit, verve and sheer songwriting genius to ensure you'll see it far more times than its title suggests.
GOOD Easily one of the best films of the year.
GOOD An embodiment of what the digital revolution was supposed to provide but so often doesn't.
GOOD It would be interesting to know how much of their conversation was actually in Carney's screenplay and how much was ad-libbed as the camera rolled; there's a wonderful spontaneity in both the dialogue and the musical performances.
GOOD Is it honestly felt? Absolutely. Is it perfect? Only in spots.
GOOD ...a unique, enthralling experience in which song and emotion stand in for dialogue and plot.
GOOD The bohemian Irish musical is so phenomenal you'll need to see it a second time, if only to confirm to yourself that the movie is really as good as you remembered.
FAIR The performances are so naturalistic ... the film feels like a documentary about the early origins of a now hot indie emo band.
GOOD Like all great pop songs, you can't wait to hear how it ends, and few conclusions feel as complete as that in "Once." For a film so joyfully attuned to the tumultuous nature of composition, it's no surprise that this is one of 2007's best.
GOOD We do not fall in love nearly enough at the movies, but this is one to adore.
FAIR Casting musicians rather than actors proves to be a wise choice because their interplay is completely naturalistic. All of the musical interaction is authentic and, by extention, so is their entire relationship.
FAIR Even when Carney lays on the indie film visual aesthetics a little too thick, the movie never feels anything less than heart-wrenchingly authentic.
GOOD A touching, tender and smart film that effectively blends elements of musical and romance, while maintaining an air of realism and honesty one rarely finds in either genre.
GOOD Every note brings us closer to these characters.
GOOD Curtiz's film is a classic for a reason -- it's crafted with the precision, detail and beauty of a Faberge egg; the dialogue is hauntingly memorable and, in Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman, it has one of the most magnetic screen pairings in history.
GOOD Knowing the story doesn't impair one's wonder at the undiminished magic of Casablanca.
GOOD There are some of the very finest character actors that Warner Brothers could muster and a rich, detailed screenplay studded with an indecent number of sparklingly quotable lines. It is a movie to play again, and again.
GOOD Nobody lights a torch like Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa or carries one like Humphrey Bogart's Rick.
GOOD The reason Casablanca endures is that it's a timeless love story wrapped inside a gripping wartime thriller, written with such wit and meaning that it's still quoted (and misquoted) decades later.
GOOD Whether you return to Casablanca for a nostalgia fix, a guilty pleasure or for the waters, you can be certain there'll be something you didn't notice last time out.
GOOD Rick and Ilsa. Laszlo and the letters of transit. Captain Renault and his charming corruptibility. "As Time Goes By." "Here's looking at you, kid." You know the routine. So round up the usual accolades.
GOOD Even hardened cynics who might be impelled to dismiss it as a collection of button-pushing cliches will most likely get swept up in the all the unabashed romance.
GOOD Every kid should see this Bogart classic.
GOOD This is it. The best movie ever made.
GOOD The movie has a peculiar magic to it, and it's in the richness of its details that mostly go unnoticed because of the film's pace.
GOOD It is one of the most timeless of all movies in terms of topic, emotion, acting and motivation.
GOOD Irresistible, big-hearted film-making.
GOOD As time goes by, the appeal of Casablanca shows no sign of diminishing.
GOOD One of those rare films where every shot and every quotable line of dialogue counts, there's not a dead patch in Casablanca.
GOOD It is a true timeless classic and will stay so as long as time goes by.
GOOD Since it screened at the theater in 1943, the story of lovers Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart) and Ilsa Lund (Ingrid Bergman) in Casablanca has made cinematic history.
GOOD One of the best screenplays ever filmed.
GOOD The movie gods kissed the production with a confluence of brilliant writing, photography and acting, with all parties collaborating at their ultimate peak of potential.
FAIR Wars come and go, but that sense of cascading entropy is eternal.
GOOD One of the best movies ever. The romantic pain still holds up, and political intrigue still compels.
GOOD One of the handful of films that lives up to its hype. This movie defines "classic."
FAIR Sorry, I just don't get it. But most people seem to, so fair play to it.
GOOD Timeless. Just flat out perfect and timeless.
GOOD Every bit the classic.
GOOD To many, this is the best love story ever, if not the greatest film of all times.
GOOD It's one of the three I'd take to a desert island with me to watch over and over again. The romance between all three of the main characters jumps out at the screen.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role. Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it. He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase. The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen. He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie. Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
GOOD Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
GOOD Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
FAIR What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
GOOD Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
GOOD The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
GOOD Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
GOOD Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
BAD ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
GOOD Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
GOOD Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
GOOD Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
GOOD Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
GOOD This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
GOOD Spirited Away is wonderful.
GOOD A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
GOOD Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
GOOD Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
GOOD I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
FAIR Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
GOOD 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
GOOD It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
GOOD The wonders never stop.
GOOD One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
GOOD A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
GOOD Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
GOOD E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
GOOD Peyton Place meets Deliverance in a meth lab.
GOOD Jennifer Lawrence is dazzling as the film's protagonist as she struggles to uncover the truth between her addict father's disappearance.
FAIR Gritty and real...
GOOD Granik... proves a dab hand with the camera, capturing the starkness of the Ozarks and Ree's situation in a free-flowing and pensive way that transfers the chill of it all on to the screen.
GOOD Granik pays deference to the curious ways of the mountain folk, rejecting the prevailing hillbilly cliches to depict people with hardy survival instincts in the grip of financial hardship and addiction.
BAD Winter's Bone certainly has its redeeming qualities, particularly its cinematography and a superb lead performance by Jennifer Lawrence, but man, does it feel EMPTY until a gripping sequence near the end.
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Un retrato realista, crudo y duro de ambientes y personajes que viven al margen de la sociedad, de la ley y la moral, y que crece en intensidad como un thriller de suspenso. Estupendas actuaciones de Jennifer Lawrence y John Hawkes.
GOOD Uma narrativa densa e multifacetada que permite que aquelas pessoas desafiem nossos preconceitos e se apresentem como individuos imperfeitos, sim, mas jamais unidimensionais.
FAIR There is a profound sense of Neorealism percolating beneath Winter's Bone's noirish mystery plot.
FAIR Debra Granik's bleak little film is as tough, unflinching and fascinating as the characters who eke out a life amid its cold, gray hills.
GOOD A gripping movie that graphically portrays poverty as the worst form of violence in the life of a 17-year-old heroine struggling to save her family.
FAIR Winter's Bone is as quiet as a snake. It's a chilling and challenging visit into a remote -- perhaps alien -- world. But while Winter's Bone has anguish and fear, the film is ultimately life-affirming and real.
FAIR A rewarding, richly detailed exploration of the strength of character required when confronted by ugly truths.
FAIR ...a deeply naturalistic brand of high lonesome noir.
FAIR From the moment you meet Ree Dolly (Jennifer Lawrence) in Winter's Bone, you know what she's capable of.
GOOD A Southern teen navigates dangerous blood ties, and a new star emerges in the revelatory thriller Winter's Bone.
GOOD Winter's Bone is indeed harrowing, but it is also fun. It's fun, because it's excellent, and after enduring the mostly-disappointing Hollywood blockbuster season, simply seeing an exquisite piece of work such as this brings a smile to my face.
GOOD These spooky woods are a dangerous setting - here we find desperate, brain-dead trailer-trash, with moral centres as hollow as the burnt out shacks of their meth misadventures.
GOOD A chilling reflection of nature's darker side.
GOOD A Chilling look at American Poverty.
GOOD The Coen Brothers' O Brother Where Art Thou? was the last film to make such delirious use of mountain music. The rest of the world can start drooling over Lawrence. I'm gonna git me a copy of that soundtrack.
GOOD The film continues to grow in the memory months after it was first seen which is always a sign of something great.
BAD Movies don't come much duller than this.
GOOD The film, adapted by director Debra Granik and Anne Rosellini from the novel by Daniel Woodrell, establishes a formidable tension between mystery and matter-of-factness.
FAIR There is poetry here -- as artists as diverse as Walker Evans, James Agee and Harry Smith have found -- of the rawest, most desperate kind.
GOOD A sparse, engaging film perhaps easier to respect than love, but by any measure hugely compelling.
GOOD It is all given unironic dignity and power due to the outstanding lead performance from 20-year-old Jennifer Lawrence as Ree, a young woman who must take on some scary neighbourhood types to protect her family.
BAD It will wow anyone who thinks grimness equals profundity.
GOOD Think a film like Trash Humpers offers insight into a crappy life in the poor South? Winter's Bone will make you see the light.
GOOD Lawrence's mature and inspiring determination makes this much, much more than a grim skid-row whodunnit.
GOOD With a face as impassively beautiful as the landscape she trudges through, Ree Dolly is a heroine you won't forget. Tenacious and stoic, she holds her own in a vernacular that's equal parts hillbilly and hard-boiled.
GOOD A vivid reworking of Daniel Woodrell's novel that brings the book's conflicted heroine to searing life in a piece of unhurried filmmaking too rarely seen these days.
GOOD Granik balances the pace and intrigue of a mystery thriller with total compassion for Ree, played with much skill by Lawrence.
GOOD Director Debra Granik has captured a female performance of such rare, career-defining intensity that the film actually has a life-affirming effect.
GOOD Winter's Bone is a rewarding watch that does repay a fairly slow-moving narrative with heightened tension and twists at the end.
GOOD It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
GOOD [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
GOOD This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
GOOD Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
GOOD This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
GOOD If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
GOOD Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
GOOD A great Hollywood classic!
GOOD [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
GOOD ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
GOOD It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
GOOD The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
GOOD Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
GOOD My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
GOOD Few Christmas films are funnier.
GOOD Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
GOOD There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
GOOD A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
GOOD Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
FAIR There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
GOOD kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
BAD The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
GOOD A comfortable, homey movie.
GOOD A delightful movie.
FAIR Not about Peter Pan, and not a kids' movie.
FAIR A heartfelt, beautiful film, and one of the best dramas I've seen in years.
FAIR Johnny Depp makes another run at the Oscar in the shoes of author-playwright J.M. Barrie.
BAD full review in Greek
GOOD A charming and dramatic tearjerker that's sweet without resorting to syrup.
FAIR A nicely played family entertainment with perhaps more mystery than it knows what to do with.
BAD The only spark of genuine humanity appears at the very end, but by that time most great opportunities of FINDING NEVERLAND are already lost.
GOOD The film's about knowing where your inner child is and letting it out to explore great worlds of adventure.
FAIR 'En una epoca tan falta de historias agradables, que rejuvenezcan el espiritu humano y nos transporten a lo mejor de nuestra infancia, un filme como este es perfecto'
FAIR Interestingly and movingly hints at the sad future fate of his Lost Boys, but it's too timid to follow up on those dark portents.
GOOD Finding Neverland is sentimental, to be sure, but a wonderful find for the patient viewer.
GOOD Se queda grabada en el alma, esa alma que debiera seguir con polvos magicos en vez de solo empolvandose con el paso del tiempo.
GOOD 'The jewel in the cast is 12-year-old Highmore. Not since Henry Thomas in "E.T." has such a young actor held the screen with such emotion.'
FAIR E um bom filme, nao ha duvida. Mas, com um pouco mais de coragem, poderia ter sido tao ambicioso quanto o proprio Peter Pan.
FAIR El asunto tiene buenas intenciones, pero, cmo no conmoverse con el primer plano de un nio con grandes ojos llorosos?
GOOD Finding Neverland was a real discovery for me. How many of us knew what a personal, emotional, and heartfelt tale this was?
GOOD "Finding Neverland" is full of wit, emotion, adventure, and mystery that will inspire all ages to come see why and how Peter Pan was born.
BAD It wasn't Barrie's story that the filmmakers were interested in after all... like Disney's Peter Pan, it's just another cloying Hollywood fantasy.
GOOD Man, did Johnny Depp pick the wrong year to give the performance of a lifetime.
FAIR The movie is the fairy-tale version of the making of a fairy tale.
GOOD Although one should always be skeptical about movies that claim to be inspired by actual events, Finding Neverland is bursting with such affection, heartache and hope that it becomes the kind of story you want to be true, even if it seems a bit contrived.
GOOD A movie that celebrates the power of the imagination while also recognizing its limits in a real world of disappointment, marital disharmony and death.
FAIR a whimsical film that tries to shine the brightest possible light on its subject matter
GOOD It's Depp who keeps this fabulous but fragile tale alive. Beyond his perfect-sounding Scottish accent, he presents a subtle and complex Barrie who is simultaneously a playful child, a concerned adult and a freethinking artist.
GOOD A whimsical flight into the joy of a child.
GOOD Childishly optimistic, which seems appropriate for a movie about the making of Peter Pan.
GOOD Depp has never been better than he is in Neverland.
FAIR As usual, Depp is wonderful as Barrie, even when his Scottish accent disappears, though the film is somewhat stingy in providing more insight into what made this mysterious man tick.
FAIR Manages to win the viewer over in spite of itself while further perpetuating the myth of Peter Pan as an eternal headcase.
BAD Evokes more Michael Jackson than magical whimsey. Director Marc Forster knows better than to rely on emotional manipulation like he does here.
GOOD Playfully heartwarming, it features another phenomenal performance by Johnny Depp in the leading role.
FAIR Age has not been particularly kind to it, but... [it's] carried off with far more competence and assurance than many directorial debuts have enjoyed.
BAD If I hear "Come Saturday Morning" one more time, I will throw something at innocent Pookie!
FAIR Liza Minnelli starring as a free spirit named "Pookie" could get old fast--but it doesn't, and the movie is warm and engaging.
FAIR Charming family movie for tweens and up.
FAIR ...may wander near and far, mixing down-home hokum with gushy sentiment, yet it generally succeeds in winning us over.
FAIR Lions will appeal to a more mature audience because of the solid acting duo of Caine and Duvall. It will also appeal to children because of its almost mythological feel.
FAIR To see Osment react to a door closing is akin to watching someone get defibrillated.
FAIR An unpretentiously sweet home-is-where-the-heart-is fantasy.
BAD [T]he real lesson here may be for Haley Joel Osment, who could well have Dickie Roberts II in his future.
FAIR This film may be all over the map, but at least it takes viewers to some interesting places.
BAD Schmaltzed up, dumbed down, bombastically-scored family drama of touchy-feely life lessons.
FAIR Warm and a little syrupy like old school films.
FAIR A wholly unique family film that can moisten your eyes even while it quickens your pulse.
FAIR Because it never quite reaches its enormous potential, Secondhand Lions feels like a disappointment even though there's much to praise.
FAIR Filled with so many moments of eccentricity that I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to take it all seriously or just laugh. Is the movie a heartwarming coming-of-age film or a parody of one?
FAIR There's a deep, sad yearning that permeates through the fantastical optimism of Secondhand Lions that gives it the cold, harsh edge of reality.
BAD Duvall and Caine have more fun with shotguns than anyone this side of Phil Gramm.
FAIR In the end there may not quite be enough here to make the film a classic, but it's enjoyable and lively and warm while it lasts.
FAIR The movie is fun, but thinking about it afterwards reveals just how sloppy it is
FAIR An uneven but sweet movie about growing up and growing older.
BAD In the wrong hands, this would have been a maudlin, embarrassing story, but in McCanlies' hands, it feels like a cozy friend.
GOOD It makes you feel good the way that Forrest Gump made you feel good, as if the filmmakers were seriously trying to make a fun, wholesome, entertaining movie without taking on the industry with a moral agenda.
FAIR Where McCanlies eventually almost succeeds in demolishing his laid-back little embassy of wonder and good will is his refusal to practice what his characters preach.
BAD 'Corn, corn, nothin' but corn,' Duvall complains as he looks at his crops; unsympathetic viewers will feel they can relate...
FAIR This isn't perfect filmmaking, but it's pleasant enough and a pleasure to watch.
BAD A well-meaning trifle, earnestly performed but way too bland and vanilla to elicit much in the way of rooting interest or lasting memorability.
GOOD Packed with adventure, humor and straight-forward drama, Lions is the type of movie I loved as a kid and clearly I haven't outgrown the formula.
BAD A sweet, tidy and ultimately forgettable story.
BAD Secondhand Lions manages to squander the services of seasoned vets Michael Caine and Robert Duvall, and promising newcomer Haley Joel Osment, with a tale that is dramatically false and disturbingly vicious.
BAD The film's attitude toward female characters is so relentlessly cruel and dismissive, that it's impossible to pay attention to all the supposedly sweet stuff that surrounds Lions' hard-hearted center.
FAIR Secondhand Lions is a movie you want to believe in -- original ideas, acclaimed actors -- but McCanlies uses too many broad strokes when subtlety and finesse would have had greater impact.
BAD [A] schmaltz fest.
FAIR Has a few almost first-rate pleasures.
GOOD A crowd-pleasing oddball comedy.
BAD There's not one moment in Secondhand Lions that feels genuine or heartfelt.
BAD Lions' iron whimsy is a jackhammer on the heart.
FAIR For its 20th anniversary, 'Forrest Gump' is being rereleased for one week in the IMAX format nationwide, including at Rave Cinemas, Davenport. Here is my review from July 1994: Garp + Zelig x Chance = Gump.
FAIR Pulling the supremely naive yet mystically wise Gump off is a feather in Hanks' hat.
FAIR It might hit you right in the feels, even as your eyes are rolling. To quote one of Forrest's truest pieces of wisdom: Maybe both is happening at the same time.
FAIR Hanks is brilliant in evoking Forrest's good-heartedness; he cannot really perceive evil in men, and yet he is so untainted by bigotry or ideology that he makes the perfect witness.
FAIR This isn't the meaningful movie it pretends to be. But as a goofy entertainment that speeds through the latter half of the 20th century, stopping here and there to snap a photo or two, Forrest Gump does just fine.
FAIR Good as Wright and Sinise are in their roles as Forrest's near-suicidal soulmates, the movie always comes back to Hanks, and director Robert Zemeckis helps him to achieve some of his finest emotional moments.
GOOD Zemeckis has an exuberant sense of humor, an ability to use good ideas from other movies (he steals from Being There and Zelig) and an unmatched mastery of the technical.
GOOD The movie's technical tricks are great fun, as is its musical soundtrack, which captures the essences of the eras it traverses. But when you come right down to it, it's the oddly magnetic personality of Forrest himself that is the biggest draw.
BAD Forrest Gump is a perfectly competent movie. Its major failure is one of morals and ideas, and the fact that so many, many people did not seem to notice or care, is what really flummoxed me.
FAIR Largely enjoyable.
GOOD This tall tale may reach monumental proportions, but Forrest Gump always keeps its magical airiness and grace.
GOOD Credit for the success of the film has to start with director Robert Zemeckis, who has taken his Back to the Future and Who Framed Roger Rabbit success and parlayed it into a more mature, yet equally entertaining, film.
GOOD One can sneer at it, but one can't ignore it.
GOOD ...not a wishful paean to a fantasy version of America, but a portrait of America - its awfulness and beauty, promise and pain - as seen through the eyes of an innocent.
GOOD Moving and wonderful, but parent preview a good idea.
GOOD Even if its success was overblown, so was the backlash.
GOOD Forrest may be dumb, but he ain't stupid.
GOOD Unashamedly sentimental, this is a technically triumphant tear-jerker.
GOOD Despite its flaws, this is simply unmissable.
GOOD Its flaws don't do it any great harm; it's as comforting as an afternoon nap, but also as refreshing.
GOOD See website for more details.
BAD Toeing the centreline like a motherf***er while Rome burns. Can I get an "amen"?
FAIR Zemeckis's film has lots of heart but little in the way of guts or brains.
GOOD A great film.
GOOD This film is both serious and funny, entertaining and thought-provoking and it could make people laugh and cry with equal degree of ease.
GOOD A long lovely movie with Hanks playing a sort of goofy Everyman who shows that any of us can make it if we simply persist.
BAD The press kit says Gump brings a rare clarity to what we went through in the '50s, '60s and '70s. But I only saw a pitiful stooge taking the pie of life in the face, thoughtfully licking his fingers.
BAD Exquisitely made, expertly crafted... and a work of purest, blackest evil.
BAD Stupid is as stupid does, and this movie is, indeed, stupid.
GOOD A lush and witty telling of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR A stylish, witty and substantial adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR For once, Thompson turns in a gimmick-free performance, and the rest of the actors range from fine to fabulous.
FAIR A little funny, a bit sad, an all-around entertaining.
GOOD Unlike most of the usual rolling hills, costume period drama, Merchant-Ivory type, century-old novel movies, Sense and Sensibility succeeds quite handily.
GOOD A little funny, a bit sad, and all-around entertaining.
GOOD We need no further proof that this material is ageless.
GOOD Enduring love, heartbreak, undying passion and bitter betrayal. What more could you ask from Jane Austen, and for that matter, from a film?
FAIR Seeing a world that seems kinder, gentler, nobler and simpler to our own can have its own theraputic value.
GOOD A host of fine performances support the great screenplay, photography and editing of the film.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is a triumph, and a film to be treasured.
FAIR The sensibility may be a bit off, but there is more than enough sense involved in this mid-Atlantic Austen to make up the difference.
FAIR [Sense and Sensibility is]...the first film of Jane Austen that I can remember having enjoyed.
FAIR Sense and Sensibility is an enjoyable film, and yet it left me somehow unsatisfied.
GOOD An exuberant, well- crafted film that gets the audience involved on a gut level.
GOOD Wonderful adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD Told with deft skill and a pleasantly humorous romantic touch.
FAIR A soap opera of the highest caliber.
GOOD A memorable film that brings out everything we love about these kinds of stories.
GOOD The movie is good fun, boasting a dozen vivid characters and two that moviegoers will take to heart.
GOOD A glorious return to old-fashioned filmmaking at its best.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is an absorbing, delightful, and nuanced movie.
GOOD It's bliss.
GOOD Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
GOOD Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
GOOD In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
GOOD As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
GOOD a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
GOOD ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
GOOD hitchcock perfection
GOOD Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
GOOD Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
GOOD What a great movie.
GOOD A stellar film.
GOOD ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
GOOD ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
GOOD Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
GOOD One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
GOOD Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
GOOD Interesting and fun from the start.
GOOD Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
GOOD In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
GOOD What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD Masterpiece!
GOOD A cinematic treasure!
GOOD One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
GOOD The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
FAIR Jennifer Jason Leigh shows a surprising flair for modest, introspective moods in Agnieszka Holland's deftly directed adaptation of Henry James's quietly compassionate novel.
FAIR Leigh may sound like a peculiar casting choice for a costume drama, but her trademark mannerisms and mumbly elocution are a perfect fit.
FAIR There's isn't much tension here, and, if anything, the film is stolen by Maggie Smith and Judith Ivey as Finney's sisters.
FAIR A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
FAIR A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one. Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
GOOD Modern anti-heroes. Criminals with heart. And these guys are stinkin' funny.
BAD Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug. My choice for the worst film of 2004.
FAIR ...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
FAIR It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
BAD Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
BAD All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
BAD (...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
GOOD I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
BAD Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na propria diversao do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridiculo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
FAIR 'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
GOOD En el universo de un ladron, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
FAIR All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
BAD Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never feels fully fleshed.
BAD designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never quite catches
FAIR ...the banter feels authentic...
FAIR More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
FAIR All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve isn't much better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
FAIR Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie? Sure they are, but it works again.
FAIR Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
FAIR That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
FAIR This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
FAIR Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
FAIR It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
FAIR Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
FAIR The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . . taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
FAIR Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun. And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
BAD Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
FAIR A bit of a mess. But a fun mess. Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter. An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
BAD Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
FAIR The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story. Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
FAIR Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
BAD While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure, this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest (or something like that.)
BAD Steve Conrad's script is a jumbled farce, misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no real relevance to the story.
GOOD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see, and there's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it.
FAIR Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original (something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did, much to Thurber's annoyance), and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining, glossily photographed, globe-trotting romp,
FAIR A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects.
FAIR Somehow, out of a no-win situation, Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains and also provides a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration.
FAIR A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism.
GOOD ...a superior comedy/drama that's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated.
BAD This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season.
FAIR Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment, an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber's literary work (adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye.)
FAIR Walter Mitty has a big heart, and I like it for that. But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall.
BAD The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level.
FAIR 'The Secret Life of Walter Mitty' is not the old James Thurber short story brought to the big screen. It's important to make that clear.
BAD Iceland deserves an apology: The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation's locations, which provide the film with its only moments of distinction.
GOOD "MItty" a Magical Tribute to the Possible
FAIR For Ben Stiller it's a case of one step forward, two steps back, with the funny man's ambitious move into Oscar territory never quite reaching its full potential, even though moments of brilliance do pop up now and again.
GOOD I seriously love this movie.
FAIR Stiller has aimed high, and even if he hasn't made it to the top, the view is still pretty good from where he ended up.
FAIR This flight of fancy doesn't quite offer the feel good lift it seems to be aiming for, perhaps because its structure dictates that Walter spends too much time alone, but that's not to criticise Stiller's film too harshly.
FAIR One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness, this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers.
FAIR Rarely rises above greeting card-level would-be inspirational banality.
FAIR The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms. Given the elusive nature of those terms, it is, however, hard to tell for certain.
BAD It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place, and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes, the real-life scenes just lose their luster.
FAIR It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller's Mitty.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one, each jostling for position, each disliking the other. They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own.
GOOD This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not close to James Thurber's charming, classic short story but has a charm of its own.
BAD A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program.
GOOD This is Stiller's piece de resistance.
GOOD It's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder.
FAIR The phrase 'a Walter Mitty character' looks set to outlast everyone's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump.
BAD The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life's hustle and bustle, but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook.
FAIR Delicately observed and engrossing.
FAIR A purposeful, almost meditative exploration of the scars left on a people's psyche after tragedy.
BAD Seductive yet unilluminating
GOOD Laundry drying in a breeze has never looked so threatening.
GOOD Unique setting and affecting individualized characters impart a contemporary and jarring ache to the traditional tale of the city boy and the country girl.
GOOD It's a film not to be missed.
FAIR There's a folksy majesty to Wonderful Town, born of its leisurely pace, pastoral views of idyllic scenery and a storytelling drive set only slightly faster than slow motion. It recalls a lot of rustic, independent English-language films of the '90s
FAIR A sensitive love story from Thailand set against the aftermath of the 2004 tsunami.
FAIR The way in which the relationship is severed, and its understated depiction, leaves you feeling sad and empty, bringing you into communion with the place and its people.
GOOD It's no small feat to pull off as sweet and sensitive a romance as that between Na and Ton, and something rarer yet to suffuse such affections into a poem of wounded landscape.
FAIR Occasionally, Assarat -- who studied in the US -- drops a hint about sinister times to come, but nothing prepares the audience for what does happen.
GOOD The tsunami looms large, even though it's only mentioned once.
FAIR Story of two lovers trying to stem the tide of gloom and doom in a Thai town devastated by the 2004 tsunami.
FAIR [DirectorAssarat's] raw, poetic sensibility turns this posttraumatic parable into something both dreamy and oddly disturbing.
BAD Contemplative cinema with nothing to contemplate.
FAIR A seriously bleak little movie...
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR The problem with Perfect Sense is its inability to be effective as either a character-based love story or something larger and more bold.
BAD There is a low key element to this narrative much like what CHILDREN OF MEN offered, however this is not nearly as successful as Alfonso Cuaron's brilliant feature.
GOOD A deeply spiritual love story that challenges us to be fully alive to the report of our senses and to live in the present moment which will never appear again.
BAD Ultimately too silly to truly captivate.
BAD People around the world progressively lose their senses of smell, taste, hearing and, finally, sight. Too bad the filmmakers never seem to have had a sense of humor in the first place.
GOOD Visually glassy and smooth, Perfect Sense values the dynamic mood of each scene without being overly stylized.
FAIR A solemn sci-fi parable set in present-day Glasgow, whose deepening sense of foreboding is sustained by the enigmatic, pseudo-biblical reflections of an unseen narrator.
BAD Sadly, even aficionados of the Cinema of Extinction may make "Perfect Sense" an Omega choice.
BAD If you crave action, dialogue, explanations, character revelations and clear plot resolutions, Perfect Sense never lives up to its title.
BAD Filmed with the somber pretentiousness of a Babel, the movie never quite converts its premise into something grander (never mind believable).
GOOD Engrossing before packing a staggering emotional wallop as its full implications are revealed.
BAD The film loses its charm with annoying sequences that have a narrator explain to us "The Meaning of it All" and then tell us "What Really Matters" in life: Love. Love. Love.
BAD Sadly, the central romance fails to convince as the two leads lack chemistry...
FAIR British director David Mackenzie makes good use of an obviously limited budget, with the apocalypse neatly suggested by just a few litter-strewn Glasgow streets patrolled by men in respirator masks.
GOOD This is a frightening and tender sci-fi, shot very flat and unhysterical, full of eccentric detail (the need to make more entertaining food after everyone loses their sense of taste) and always an air of regret spilling out at the edges.
FAIR Although watchable, the only thing that succeeds is Mackenzie triggering our deepest, darkest fears of complete sensory malfunction ...
BAD Sublimely and uncompromisingly daft.
BAD It's a movie that leaves you guiltily unimpressed while it pours its pseudo-lyrical heart out.
BAD A pretentious and perfectly daft film that manages to combine absurdity with tedium.
FAIR Director David Mackenzie's refreshing take on the disaster plague genre goes for the personal rather than the pandemic...
BAD A half-baked apocalypse in slow motion.
FAIR An intriguing idea for a film that heightens all the senses.
BAD The story and characters have nowhere to go beyond bleak acceptance of the inevitable. So it's difficult to care what happens.
GOOD Thrillingly ambitious, ecstatically romantic, utterly unexpected.
BAD Chicly shot and edited, and pretty much art-directed to death, Mackenzie's movie is curiously underwhelming and unbearably pretentious.
GOOD A moving look at what it means to be human in the most extreme circumstances, this is kitchen-sink sci-fi with an aching soul.
FAIR Odd, but intriguing.
BAD Has an intriguing premise but fails to do anything interesting with it and ultimately struggles to engage on an emotional level, thanks to flatly written characters and some painfully pretentious direction.
BAD Leaves you with the sense of a good film that has been lost somewhere along the line.
BAD a study of increasing depravity through a pair of lovers who adaptively appreciate each other the best they can as the world erodes around them.
GOOD David Mackenzie's quietly accomplished film straddles the arthouse world and cult movies with a unique poetic vision.
GOOD It is difficult to find adequate words to describe Charlotte Gainsbourg's unabashed, gritty and magnificently 'cold' performance as Joe
BAD It's self-referential and self-rewarding to the point that it has virtually no other content.
FAIR It's either one of the worst pornos ever made or one of Von Trier's best films.
BAD "How awful that everything has to be so trivial," Joe says. Maybe life has to be trivial, but movies don't, unless you're a certain Danish director who wants to force his psychosis on the viewing public.
FAIR Nymphomaniac is brave, thought-provoking filmmaking from a genuine auteur.
FAIR Nymphomaniac Vol. I strips sex of its romance and its intimacy and overloads the act with nothing but pure lust.
FAIR Joe uses her sexuality to control men. The question is whether her sexuality controls her.
BAD I used to be able to count on Lars von Trier to deliver my necessary doses of nihilism, but no more.
BAD Nymphomaniac's clunkiness and desperation to shock could be forgiven if it wasn't so uniformly dull. With a talent such as Lars, it really is unforgivable.
GOOD Aside from the outrageous format, this film offers several powerful performances and sheds light on a subject that needs it.
GOOD Blistering, honest, angry and full of confronting ideas this epic sexual odyssey...from Lars von Trier again proves that he is a much more intelligent, thoughtful and genuinely controversial filmmaker than his roguish public image would otherwise suggest.
FAIR If 'provocauteur' isn't a word, it ought to be, at least in reference to von Trier...
BAD Dedicated cinephiles who feel an obligation to see what von Trier has wrought are unlikely to reach consensus on whether he is an exploitative provocateur or crusading pamphleteer.
GOOD The closest any real movie has ever gotten to Seinfeld's "Rochelle, Rochelle"
FAIR Beneath the sheen of sweat on his actors and between the frequent scenes of frantic and entangled limbs, there's substance to Von Trier's tale.
FAIR Without an explanation for the protagonist's physical and emotional injuries, it's a head-scratcher. As with Joe's sexual compulsion, scratching can't cure the itch.
BAD I have found something to like in all of Von Trier's films...except this one. I don't really like anything in this movie. It's lazy, boring, pretentious filmmaking at its worst. I hope Part II validates the painful slog of Part 1.
FAIR It's episodic, vague and self-indulgent (perhaps pretentious?) but there's no denying that it's also original, committed and borne of a highly determined voice.
BAD Nymphomania is not all it's cracked up to be.
GOOD If you are just horny? Skip the context and go to Mr Skin.com. But if you consider yourself a cineaste with an interest in cinema's reining enfant terrible, you must check out Nymphomaniac.
FAIR A father confessor to his benighted characters, von Trier may revel in the muck, but Nymphomaniac: Volume 1 is anything but a dirty movie.
FAIR There's nothing inhibited about this cut and its parade of genitalia in close-up. Strip the plot down, or rather, dress it up, and it's about a quest.
FAIR Lars von Trier is funny. Who knew? That's certainly the most startling revelation to come from Nymphomaniac: Vol. 1 .
GOOD A rigorous, riveting and surprisingly funny cogitation on sexual liberation, gender double standards, love, sociopathy and any number of the filmmaker's other obsessions.
GOOD Lars Von Trier's complex and brilliant double feature about a woman telling her life's story - a tale of insatiable sexual desire, loneliness and the search for self acceptance
BAD The film is both transparent and impenetrable and none of the actors overcome the weak script.
GOOD Overheard after the screening of Nymphomaniac Vol.1: "It certainly had a lot of... ideas." No kidding. I can't believe how some of those 'ideas' got past the censors. And did you see the size of that one dude's 'idea'?
GOOD Lars von Trier is an actual genius, as opposed to the myriad filmmakers called genius who are actually just clever.
FAIR ...a complicated and compelling film that's uncomfortable in necessary ways.
FAIR Think of Nymphomaniac Vol. 1 as the first half of a longer tale which, if von Trier has taught us anything, will grow infinitely darker and more harrowing.
GOOD It could be the most humane film that von Trier has made in some time.
GOOD [It] never feels clinical - Von Trier's poetic cinematography and death metal theme song are too forceful for that - but it does live somewhere on the edge of therapy.
FAIR Miyazaki's appreciation of miraculous possibilities and childhood visions is what drives Totoro.
GOOD ...a clarion call for the legitimacy of imagination - not only in stories, but in the real world.
GOOD A beautifully observed film that has become a guaranteed charmer for all ages.
GOOD Not as complex or tense as Spirited Away (Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, released 13 years later). Still, few things are.
GOOD Despite the cuteness, there's little in the way of icky sentiment - indeed the spectre of death hangs over the story - but it's a captivating world you won't want to come home from.
GOOD Perfect. Simple as.
GOOD An otherworldly tale of childhood and a definitive work of imagination.
GOOD One of the best animated films ever made for families: it celebrates feminine sensitivity, the importance of the spirit world, respect for nature, and the pre-eminence of the spiritual practice of kindness.
GOOD A soft, approachable film, about simple, peaceful emotions and characters. That may sound unambitious, but it is the most ambitious thing of all.
GOOD Visually arresting and consistently compelling, this movie is magical.
GOOD Miyazaki is a genius.
GOOD The painted backgrounds are lush, realistic, and full of luxuriant foliage. The character animation, while stiff by Disney standards, is appropriate to the characters and expressive enough to bring them to life for the audience.
GOOD The beauty of My Neighbor Totoro is its simplicity. It's a warm and friendly story that just made me feel good after watching it.
GOOD A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not such a bad thing, really.
GOOD A sensibilidade ao retratar os personagens, a magia do universo concebido por Miyazaki e a qualidade impecavel da animacao fazem deste filme um classico instantaneo.
GOOD Showcases Miyazaki's delightful iconography of spirits, demons, and wood sprites at its most gentle.
GOOD A welcome antidote to the US cultural imperialism of countless inferior Disney sell-thru videos . . .
GOOD Wonderfully entertaining animation.
GOOD one of the most accomplished and important children's films ever made.
GOOD It's Miyazaki's finest work! It's the best film of 1988! It's the best animated feature ever made!
GOOD My Neighbor Totoro is more than a fairy tale; it is an engaging story which uses fantasy sparingly.
BAD A narcissistic, ego-driven gabfest courtesy of indie auteur Eric Schaeffer, who appears not to have figured out that therapy is cheaper than moviemaking.
BAD Fall often feels like a remake of 9 1/2 Weeks, with Schaeffer seemingly competing with Mickey Rourke for most..disgusting sleazeball ever committed to celluloid.
BAD Despite a few decent lines of dialogue this is generally, really stupid.
BAD Fall leans too heavily in the direction of vain and smug.
GOOD Kiarostami still possesses a remarkable knack for crafting vivid supporting characters from just a few details.
FAIR There's some artful fiddling with plot expectations, but the film's evident self-regard makes this a rather undergraduate provocation.
FAIR [An] infuriating - but also fascinating - effort ...
FAIR As an exercise in conveying place, mood and human foible, this is consistently intriguing.
FAIR [Kiarostami] almost throws up something magical, here.
FAIR The septuagenarian's most playful tendencies have been liberated and he has started to make films that look like the work of a younger director raised on vintage Kiarostami.
BAD A frustratingly inscrutable film that fails to engage.
GOOD [A] beautiful, subtly tender and narratively slight film ...
GOOD A major statement from one of the world's greatest living filmmakers.
BAD Gnomic, anfractuous, inconsequential.
GOOD Like the best dreams always do, it ends with a jolt, but its ideas and images linger like dust in sunlight.
FAIR A tender and touching drama about a young high-class escort who forms a connection with an elderly widower, but certain scenes in this quiet slow-burner feel overstretched and arguably unnecessary.
GOOD A film that feels unique and innovative.
FAIR Now practically an exile from his homeland, Kiarostami follows Certified Copy with another film-literate relationship drama with the enigmatic overtones of Hitchcock.
GOOD From the incredible opening shot onwards, it's clear Kiarostami's cinematic language translates perfectly in any setting.
GOOD Like Someone In Love explores familiar Kiarostami themes - how we slip between roles in our relationships - with a terrifically light touch, making for his best since 1999's The Wind Will Carry Us.
GOOD Veteran Director Abbas Kiarostami's Like Someone is a fine followup to his brilliant Certified Copy. It's lovely, intriguing, stylish and very, very good.
GOOD The movie is filled with examples of and references to methods of communication: Books, faxes, cell phone messages, answering machines, intercoms, misunderstood jokes, traffic signals, the honking of car horns, a painting of a parrot learning to speak...
GOOD If you can meet Like Someone in Love on its terms, it has much to recommend it.
FAIR Making only his second film outside of his native Iran, Kiarostami undercuts the rigid protocols of polite Japanese society with intimations of violence.
GOOD Kiarostami's apparent simplicity masks serious complexity.
BAD The problem with "Like Someone in Love" is that, while we can see the world through their eyes, we rarely access how they think or feel about it.
FAIR Kiarostami lets the moments between Akiko and Takashi unfold naturally, as these characters from different worlds find common bonds.
FAIR It would be difficult to overstate the success of the bulk of this picture. Throughout, we get the bravura technique that we look forward to in a Kiarostami film.
GOOD Like Someone in Love won't break your heart while you're watching it. That will happen two or three days later, while you're sitting at a stoplight or in the checkout line at the grocery store.
FAIR A Rorschach test of our own responses to the intimate drama unfolding before us.
GOOD The latest small, perplexing masterpiece from the Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami, who in recent years has chosen the path of a world director.
GOOD "Like Someone in Love" is not a complicated story, but in Kiarostami's telling, it is a rich one, and a rewarding one, too.
FAIR I came away from it as if I had spent an evening contemplating a handsome abstract canvas. I can't explain it to you, exactly, but I found it soothing.
FAIR Think of it as the cinematic equivalent of a short story, rather than a novel, that offers a brief and intriguing glimpse into the lives of its characters.
FAIR A decent little movie, but hardly a major one, from Iran's master filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami, who, self-exiled, here shoots in Tokyo with an all-Japanese cast.
BAD There are some limited rewards in seeing the consequences and complexities that result from the characters' deceptions and assumed roles, but in the end the film is unsatisfying.
GOOD Ambiguity haters, take note: you will not find the easy answers you're looking for with Abbas Kiarostami.
GOOD Slow and imperturbably bookish, this film slowly reveals the dark and threatening side of life in the big city.
GOOD Minor Abbas Kiarostami is still a reason for celebration.
GOOD If there is a visual equivalent to that title song - the Billie Holiday version is favored here - Kiarostami seems to have found it.
BAD The actors fit their roles exceptionally well, but Zwick rarely allows them the kinds of crucial, intimate moments that establish how the characters feel about each other.
BAD A weird melodramatic epic -- Bonanza crossbred with the kind of novel that uses Fabio on the cover.
FAIR Just when it starts to seem as if Legends might just turn into a pretty good movie, along comes some tired, soap-opera plot device.
GOOD The real star, however, is John Toll's Oscar-winning cinematography, which is equally at home with the stunning beauty of the mountainous terrain and the killing fields of war-torn France.
GOOD Check your cynicism at the door, and just revel in its enormity.
BAD It's a big movie that's so small on the inside it's not there.
FAIR There's a vast psychodrama being played out on the Ludlow ranch, battles between generations, philosophies, races and sexes. And the landscapes, photographed by John Toll, majestically backdrop all the personal and cultural furies.
FAIR Tween girls will swoon over this tear-jerker.
FAIR [Pitt] casts such a saintly, beatific sheen over the proceedings that he seems to glow from within.
BAD Epic frontier soaper rambles on and on.
GOOD A rousing, epic miniseries crammed into two hours.
BAD Much too hokey to be enjoyed, even by soap standards.
FAIR It's a man's world, but Pitt's star turn and the melodramatic underpinnings may appeal more to women.
GOOD Nice...but a little unbeliveable.
BAD The Movie That Will Not Die
FAIR Can be recommended to all the viewers hungry for movies that Hollywood knew how to make some thirty or forty years ago.
BAD Big and beautiful as it looks, the film doesn't deliver much emotional punch.
FAIR Predictable and inevitable.
FAIR Just like quality loo roll, it's long in duration and strong on technical quality. Unfortunately it's also soft on plot and characterisation.
FAIR t's muddled, bombastic, and often gets by purely on style points, yet for some reason, inexplicably, it also manages to be occasionally entertaining.
FAIR This is the kind of big, robust Western love story that just begs to be filmed -- which, come to think of it, it has been.
FAIR Big, bombastic and in the hands of director Edward Zwick, a bit much. In fact, it seems at times like little more than an overblown television miniseries.
BAD What needs to be epic often seems petty and small. Perhaps it was in compensation for this narrative inadequacy that the musical score grew to be sweepingly grand and intrusively ever-present.
BAD Unless you are a big fan of seeing hearts cut out of the bodies of animals and people or unless you feel you must see all of Brad Pitt's movies (he is major handsome), I can see no reason to see this film other than as a long travelogue.
GOOD The kind of movie that doesn't require much effort to surrender to and enjoy.
BAD There are all kinds of weirdo supporting players and the requisite amount of bloody killing scenes, but it doesn't add up to much and London Boulevard just feels like its trying to hard to be edgy.
BAD This crime story smacks of all-too-familiar elements and is told with a blandly straightforward approach.
FAIR Colin Farrell and Keira Knightley make a dynamite pairing.
FAIR A stylish if familiar tale of a man hopelessly entangled in his past.
BAD A movie is more than dialogue and a soundtrack. And direction is a lot more than making sure all your favorite parts of your own script make it to the screen intact.
BAD In trying to take a bite out of crime and another out of fame, [Monahan has] ended up with more than he can chew for his first time in the director's chair.
FAIR Monahan's trademark tart dialogue is as strong as ever, and Farrell and Winstone make for a formidable pair of opponents.
BAD There is too much to be absorbed in too little time and not enough tissue connecting abbreviated, sometimes unnecessary subplots.
GOOD The confidence of London Boulevard never tips into cockiness. This is style with some intelligence behind it.
BAD Had the film stood still more often, its stylish gambit would have worked better.
BAD Close this street down.
BAD Equally indebted to Martin Scorsese, Guy Ritchie, and Giorgio Armani, London Boulevard represents the apotheosis of style over substance.
FAIR Given the talent involved, it should have been better, but I still wanted to see how it all turned out.
FAIR It at times dabbles too often in crime cliches - as though written by someone coming off of a Sopranos box-set bender - but it is also uncomfortably tense and unsettlingly brutal.
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD This film's distributors insisted I watch this with a public audience. For the record, out of nine people who started watching this with me, only six lasted the course. You've been warned.
BAD It's a crying shame how disjointed it gets, crumpled into a narrow range of Brit-gangster idioms, picking quite the wrong ending, and barely holding it together from scene to scene.
BAD Guilty, with one or two mitigating circumstances.
BAD A good cast tries in vain to elevate a workmanlike script in a film that ends up as dead as Joe Gillis.
BAD It's a film with plenty of front, as they say, but uses up all its energy, wit and ideas in the first 20 or so minutes, before collapsing into a flurry of boring violence.
BAD Brutal and with a plot that's all over the place, it seems we're taking early delivery of a Christmas turkey.
BAD Essentially, London Boulevard is a long but not very winding road.
FAIR As a pastiche of so many previous gangster movies, it's lazily enjoyable. But it doesn't repay any thought.
BAD Every actor in this gangland geezerama does a "turn" as if it is party time at the Cheeky Mockney Club.
BAD It's far from original and, crucially, the romance between Farrell and Knightley doesn't have enough pull.
FAIR Thanks to a top-notch cast, which also features Thewlis as a stoned luvvie and Friel as Mitchel's sluttish sot of a sister, plus a wry script, this stands head and shoulders above recent geezer fare.
BAD A befuddling muddle that sees a starry cast up to their necks in reheated cliches.
BAD Disappointing, badly written and jarringly acted crime drama that gets bogged down in too many sub-plots and winds up as a compendium of tedious gangster movie cliches.
BAD I'm blaming the staggeringly cack script, which leaves more loose ends untied than a short-sighted vasectomy doctor.
GOOD The Way Back is an inspiring story that is beautifully photographed and full of interesting and well acted characters.
FAIR Like its characters, this drama plods along but its compelling plot makes it worth seeing.
GOOD a solid, resonant meditation on survival, on hope, on the value of life in the face of implacable hostility, portrayed memorably by an excellent cast and [Director] Weir's vast, brutal, awe-inspiring landscapes
FAIR An old fashioned survival yarn, beautifully shot and well-told.
BAD However, among solid performances, beautiful locations, and a truly harrowing journey, this film left me feeling empty.
FAIR This is a perfect example of the well-made (from acclaimed director Peter Weir), well-acted and well-everything-elsed film that you watch, admire and then hope to never lay eyes on again.
FAIR There is a limit to how many times one human can watch toothless, malnourished men stumble around the desert bitching about communism and a lack of borscht.
FAIR An exceptional adventure story from one of the founding fathers of Australia's modern cinema.
FAIR It may not seem like much of a compliment to say a movie makes you feel like you've walked 4,000 miles, but "The Way Back" puts you in its characters' tattered shoes and makes you care whether they make it home or not.
GOOD Visually, as with all Peter Weir's films, this is really outstanding and really quite memorable.
GOOD It's an uncompromising film, necessarily episodic in its depiction of the group's quest for survival, but mesmerizingly involving.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD An epic tale of mind, body, and spirit, The Way Back looks at the other side of WWII atrocities, and marks the return of master filmmaker Peter Weir.
FAIR A great escape leads to a harrowing test of endurance.
FAIR As dreary as the film is, it draws you in with its captivating, yet sober, cinematography and the solid performances of the cast.
FAIR The Way Back is an epic adventure with enough humour to keep it from feeling dour but enough realism to make it really feel like everything is at stake.
GOOD This incredible adventure, with outstanding cinematography and amazing locations, just may be based on a true story. Then again, it may not.
FAIR Part The Great Escape and part Lawrence of Arabia, it is ambitious in scope, grand in vision and rich with examples of the resilience of the human spirit.
BAD This is an impressive production and technical feat, but through most of it, I kept thinking about how difficult the filming conditions must have been, and not about the lives of the men in front of me.
FAIR he long stretches between stations make The Way Back an arduous road.
BAD The Way Back fails to connect on the all-important visceral, emotional level.
FAIR A testament to the determination of the human spirit but the characters are fairly indistinguishable and the plot is just one foot in front of another
FAIR Peter Weir makes this wartime tale a sleek, rousing, old-fashioned adventure instead of a somber, self-important epic slog.
GOOD The current reigning top of the heap tribute to the human spirit.
FAIR There's little human conflict; Sturgess never doubts himself, and the men mostly get along; even Farrell's gangster is on best behavior.
FAIR It's a visually arresting adventure, but it arrives at its final destination with little dramatic resonance.
GOOD ...a fine adventure story with breathtaking cinematography of magnificent landscapes.
BAD There's an enjoyably old-fashioned brand of adventure at work here, when Weir doesn't handcuff himself with Red scare politics and maudlin sentimentality. The former outweighs the latter, but only just barely.
FAIR The Way Back is fascinating until it becomes an ordeal.
FAIR Servillo charms in his dual turn, then takes it up a notch when one brother shows off his childhood knack for impersonating his look-alike.
FAIR In all, this film fares so-so. Sometimes, it's a mildly amusing diversion; sometimes, it's cold spaghetti.
FAIR An ingenious blend of high drama and surprising whimsy.
BAD This here is a slightly sweet, slightly sour tale of brotherly love. Emphasis on 'slight.'
FAIR For a story that is rooted in the here and now, it breaks free of the insular, becoming a light-footed fellow traveler with Ivan Reitman's optimistic Dave (1993), without a heavy or the shtick.
GOOD A smart, refreshingly whimsical and witty political satire that boasts winning performances by Toni Servillo in dual roles. It might as well be called Politics Italian-Style.
BAD It ultimately lacks the vision and conviction to honestly and meaningfully dissect a contemporary political movement's deep-seated structural malaise.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not provide anything more than gaudy panoramas of a tropical palace to fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
BAD It reeks of staged theater: three men in one room talking endlessly.
FAIR The pingpong repetition of dialogue is more precious than poetic and heavy silences and actorly asides draw out a slim story that packs few dramatic surprises.
BAD The good news is that Fishburne also stars, and has recruited a talented group of actors to flesh out the cast; the bad news is that no one seems to have been on hand to help out with the rest of film.
GOOD Absorbing and edgy.
BAD Without a coherent story to hold our attention, the mood of somber, lower-depths desperation soon becomes monotonous.
BAD Billy's meltdown provides a real-time reality check, but for most of the time we're waiting for the payoff, and when it comes, I'm afraid, it's not very satisfying.
FAIR Never loses its identity as a work meant strictly for the stage.
BAD There are shadows on top of shadows. It's the film noir universe, all right. What does the title refer to? Perhaps to what you will enjoy during the film.
BAD Well-directed with exquisite visuals, but suffers from an often dull, convoluted and confusing plot as well as too much style over substance.
BAD Easy on the eyes but brutal on the ears, The Perfect Sleep fuses Shakespearean tragedy and noir iconography into a strange, lovely, leaden ball of confusion.
BAD The disjointed story is no more comprehensible than The Big Sleep. Though Alter is no Howard Hawks and Pardoe and Sanchez are no Bogie and Bacall, this movie looks great. You won't nap through The Perfect Sleep.
FAIR Alter's film is a rare pleasure.
BAD The Perfect Sleep is an empty homage to a bygone genre.
BAD Style significantly trumps substance in The Perfect Sleep, a good-looking but convoluted homage to film noir, Russian literature and Shakespearean tragedy, among a few too many other things.
FAIR An undeniably odd mixture of 80% noir, 15% action, and 5% random homage. I dug it.
BAD The well-chosen supporting cast also deliver with especially sharp turns from Sanchez, Bauchau and Amendola who act this script as if it were Shakespeare.
GOOD One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
GOOD The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
GOOD An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
GOOD Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
BAD It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
BAD Treacly and tiresome.
FAIR By the time its third story kicked in, "In Another Country" lost me.
FAIR If you take the film as the bauble it is, you'll be entertained by its lighthearted wit, social observations and resolute sidestepping of profundity.
FAIR A beguiling set of variations on a theme, a gossamer-light etude composed for delight rather than dissection.
FAIR Isabelle Huppert has reached that magical point where she gives a thrill of delight simply by showing up, her decades of great performances seeming to hover around her like a halo.
FAIR A movie may be a representation of the world, but it is also something that happens in the world, which means that sustaining a cinematic illusion and breaking it are equally beside the point.
FAIR It's a fairly banal comment on foreign estrangement (or love) that could have used some roughing up.
GOOD Hong Sang-soo hits the beach once again in his latest project, another austerely amusing study of hopeless neurotics making a mockery of leisure.
FAIR An arty, though not particularly artful, experiment
GOOD Hong's film rejoices in the capricious nature of romance and the samsaric ebb and flow of life, and it makes confusion woozily pleasurable.
FAIR It is amusing and exasperating, with the amusing part just about in the ascendant. Mostly.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
FAIR More a daffy comedy than a true newspaper movie.
GOOD "(The) good news is that the film is a flawed but still very enjoyable flight of fancy."
GOOD A rich treat for the eye and soul alike.
FAIR It's being billed as Hayao Miyazaki's last film. He can't leave us this way.
GOOD For what he has said will be his final film, animation maestro Hayao Miyazaki tackles a controversial biopic that could just as easily have been shot in live action.
GOOD The story has much in common with that of The First of the Few, Leslie Howard's 1942 stiff-upper-lip biopic of RK Mitchell, designer of the Supermarine Spitfire. But there is magic here.
GOOD It is a film with the elegant sweep of a David Lean epic as it unfolds in Japan between the wars.
GOOD There is a wonderful gentleness and intelligent idealism to this animation by 73-year-old Hayao Miyazaki ...
FAIR Ultimately, Miyazaki fails to hold the responsibility-shy Horikisho to account...and suggest he has his head hidden in the clouds as much as the young aerial inventor.
GOOD The desecration of beautiful dreams is a ghost always lurking.
GOOD Laced with poignancy and portent, Miyazaki's epic is an elegy for lost dreams - and a farewell befitting an animation master.
GOOD While Miyazaki's two-hour-long, historical-melodrama swansong is destined to be his most divisive film yet, it is also his most adult and interesting, and never less than visually breathtaking throughout.
FAIR Gorgeously evocative visuals, lots about Horikoshi's devoted wife, but a marked reluctance to engage too deeply with the deadly purpose of his beautiful aircraft.
GOOD The brilliant Wind Rises is another Miyazaki masterpiece - evidently his last. He couldn't have picked a more perfect way to sign off.
GOOD Few directors would dare to put the dilemmas inherent in military aircraft design to the fore, but Miyazaki's film deals sensitively with the notion that good work may be used for bad ends.
GOOD mature, romantic, grand storytelling
GOOD The film is one of the most rapturously beautiful that Miyazaki has made, and all the more unsettling because of it.
GOOD Possibly Miyazaki can relate to Horikoshi's dilemma. He is both technician and artist, engineer and dreamer, and he works in a field -- cinema -- that too often promotes violence as a shortcut to a solution rather than as a last resort.
BAD Hardcore fans of legendary Japanese anime maestro Hayao Miyazaki are likely to be the only ones to put much stock in the director's final film.
FAIR An engineer pursues his dreams in Miyazaki's latest (and hopefully not last)
GOOD "The Wind Rises," nominated for an Academy Award as best animated feature, is a visual delight, with bright pastoral colors, clouds that float like ballerinas and clear, blue skies that envelop you.
GOOD The Wind Rises becomes all the more engrossing in its final act, where the refined beauty of Horikoshi's designs is exploited by a Japanese military at the start of World War II.
FAIR Clearly, The Wind Rises isn't a film about war but a valentine to the creative spirit.
GOOD The film doesn't take the obvious moralistic steps that could avert backlash - it's pure Miyazaki, a perspective influenced by history and reflective of a 50-year career.
BAD There are more boring movies than this one. There aren't many more disingenuous.
GOOD The Wind Rises has the sweep and majesty of a Technicolor Hollywood classic.
FAIR Even if it doesn't quite capture the magic of some of his earlier films, The Wind Rises feels like one of Miyazaki's more personal films.
GOOD The Wind Rises is a frequently remarkable film -- easily the best animated film of 2013 and fully of deserving its Oscar Nomination.
BAD 'The Wind Rises' is akin to sitting through an unbearably long flight in which the view can only be appreciated so much ...
GOOD In terms of tone, visual beauty, and storytelling, The Wind Rises represents Miyazaki at the apex of his abilities.
GOOD Miyazaki successfully immerses us in an analog world where the human hand -- not a machine -- bridges the gap between the imagination and the mechanical reality.
GOOD Lovely, contemplative tale of famed aeronautical engineer.
FAIR The cast is remarkably convincing in bringing to life the emotional and psychological cost of trading in one life for another.
BAD Who wants to watch a bunch of people that seemingly hate each other trapped in a small house for an extended period of time?
GOOD It's the details that make the whole thing work, from the performances ... to its deadly honest observations that Michelle's disabilities would create obstacles that would reach far beyond her loss of sight and hearing.
GOOD Bhansali built a visually beautiful film around the story of "The Miracle Worker." It is hard to imagine such an elegant and satisfying film coming from the Bollywood system.
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
FAIR A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
GOOD Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
GOOD Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
GOOD Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience. Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
GOOD ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
GOOD Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
GOOD Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not just because it's emotionally rich, but because it doesn't treat the MMA sport like a joke.
GOOD Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't want either fighter to lose.
FAIR One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
FAIR In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not wanted on this two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
FAIR Not far removed from its true-to-life counterpart 'The Fighter,' 'Warrior' is about two men who decide to enter a mixed martial arts competition for two very different reasons.
GOOD A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
BAD This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
BAD Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore.
GOOD Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
GOOD Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never submitting to life's beat downs.
FAIR Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
BAD Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
GOOD The film's great achievement is not in the way it manages to drop us suitably wimpy audience members right into a good ol' fashioned no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
GOOD A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
FAIR Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
FAIR Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
GOOD easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
FAIR Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing. Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
FAIR Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering. Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
FAIR Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
BAD Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
FAIR Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
GOOD Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
FAIR Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
FAIR Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton makes an implausible character believeable.
GOOD Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
GOOD A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
FAIR This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
FAIR The point here is not the triumph of some hypothetical good guy; the point is the beating out of brains
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes. O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD One of the most ambitious gangster films ever made, and quite possibly one of the best.
GOOD This insane masterpiece shows the self-destructive properties of myth making and how they overlap with the downfall of a community damned from the beginning of time.
FAIR Destined to attract a cult following, it's a film that draws much from the rich history of Indian cinema and that heralds great things to come.
GOOD Kashyap's direction is ferocious and mesmerizing, deftly balancing hundreds of characters, story lines and bloodshed that never apologizes or slows down.
FAIR This blood-splattered finale to the Indian crime saga is action-packed and provides a rewarding payoff to audiences, but it's sometimes difficult to care about certain characters and the overstretched running time once again feels unnecessary.
GOOD Kashyap's film is lightning paced, well-acted and breathlessly observes a complex story about a snake-pit of casual killers.
GOOD Lawlessness, political corruption and family intrigues all combine to reveal a raw, bloodthirsty and blistering side of the country that few in the west will otherwise see.
GOOD A star is born in Anurag Kashyap. Blistering, audacious and if anything... just too darn short.
GOOD The storytelling is brisk and the language and violence are surprisingly frank for popular Indian cinema.
GOOD Give it a chance and you'll never look at Bollywood the same way again.
FAIR There's ultimately little doubt that the movie is far more successful as a showcase for Broderick's stirring work than as a fully realized drama...
FAIR If ... Wonderful World seem(s) a little tired, the film still has its own low-key pleasures, thanks to Broderick's restrained performance and a script that punctuates the inescapable saccharine of its storyline with tart little bursts of anger.
BAD Despite a film festival pedigree (it was shown at a number of local festivals on the 2009 circuit), the movie is so lightweight and inconsequential that a review seems almost superfluous.
FAIR The movie itself is a little too tidy, a little too determined to convey a lesson, but the character sticks with you.
GOOD A touching spiritual drama about a cynical man and his auspicious relationship with a wise Senegalese brother and his beautiful sister.
FAIR [Lathan] finally has a showcase, yet doesn't have a full character to play.
FAIR Soft sells its cliches so effectively and without guile they seem fresh in the telling. Then again, maybe you can never overuse the concept of people learning how to be happy.
FAIR Matthew Broderick adopts just the right attitude for his role in Wonderful World.
FAIR watching this dud is a reminder as to why Goodbye Solo and The Visitor worked as well as they did.
BAD The story never fully blends the idea of Singer's rediscovery of his artistic voice -- and even something as simple as why he was a children's performer in the first place is never addressed -- with his personal renewal.
FAIR Ferris Bueller's Jungle Fever!
BAD A less complicated, and less convincing, variation on The Visitor.
FAIR An enjoyable look into one man's emotional journey even if it doesn't offer anything that new or indispensable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD Ben is such a stock type, and his circumstances are so doggedly implausible, that his ultimate transformation and happily-ever-after are a preordained conclusion that one must dutifully await while enduring squishy dramedy.
BAD Credit Broderick and the cast for putting across the fey Indiewood bullcrap with committed, nearly convincing effort.
GOOD Produced on a grand scale, this powerhouse of a movie recounts a true story with skill and artistry, highlighting an extremely volatile situation and the brave people who put themselves in the middle of it.
GOOD The drama is intense but fractured as Trapero shows how millions of poverty-stricken people live in his home country, and how a few brave people attempt to do something about it.
GOOD [A] potent drama about the lawless slums of Buenos Aires - it feels like The Mission with all exoticism firmly excised.
FAIR The film tries to do too much and its power is on a sliding scale downward, but at times it is ultra-vivid.
GOOD A wellconstructed, genuinely thrilling drama about spiritual endurance and social commitment.
FAIR A harrowing but overall enjoyable watch.
FAIR 'White Elephant' throws us into the fray of an urban slum without in any way demonising or romanticising the theatre within which Trapero's meandering story unfolds.
FAIR There's a lot to think about - sacrifice, faith, poverty and much more - but it all feels too crammed into its running time, and is delivered in an uninspiring fashion.
FAIR Writer/director Trapero arguably crams too much into the film's running time, but potent turns and Michael Nyman's yearning score are among the compensations.
GOOD Trapero's film examines the real cost of a life of faith - the servanthood and the sacrifice - and is itself a long dark night of the soul, offering much to contemplate.
FAIR For all the competence and strength of Trapero's direction, the film is not as powerful as it might have been.
GOOD The Social Network is a spellbinding and compelling story with top notch performances and flawless directing.
GOOD The movie that shows you just what being "the smartest guy in the room" will get you.
GOOD Aaron Sorkin's amazing script and several great performances make this one of the best movies of 2010.
GOOD The Social Network may not turn out to be the definitive movie made about the plugged-in generation, but it's a pretty good start.
FAIR Fincher's keen eye for direction and Sorkin's sharp script make this worth seeing for fans and non-fans of [Facebook] alike.
GOOD Even if you've never touched a computer in your life, you'll find plenty to be fascinated by in this movie, as it shows that, whilst technology may be moving fast, the human capacity for hubris will always remain the same.
GOOD It's hard work making a character you don't like into a character you don't like, but can still respect.
GOOD It's part Citizen Kane, part Goodfellas, part Revenge of the Nerds and the most entertaining film you never knew you would want to see.
GOOD The Social Network is so engrossing you don't even notice how heavy handed the films central dramatic irony could be -- that the greatest tool for communication in the modern age was created by someone who has no idea how to relate to other people.
GOOD That the project is not only a success but one of 2010&#8242;s best films is a testament to Fincher's talent as a director and his seemingly perennial ability to surround himself with incredibly astute, like-minded collaborators.
GOOD Almost certainly deliberately indebted to [Citizen] Kane, a quality that wordlessly speaks to Zuckerberg's own inflated ego.
GOOD Enormously entertaining, thought-provoking and fascinating despite a flawed, possibly biased screenplay.
GOOD The merits of Facebook can be debated; the merits of The Social Network are undeniable.
GOOD An invigorating and vital film.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD Snappy script, sharp editing, eerily perfect soundtrack and nuanced performances. One of the first films to articulate the psychological power and draw of the internet: what it feeds us and why we feed on it
FAIR Just how much of the story is really true is anyone's guess but the brilliant script and Eisenberg's performance make it worth seeing in any case.
GOOD The need to belong drives the men behind a revolution in the slick biopic The Social Network.
GOOD The great irony is that the biggest player in the social networking boom proved to be someone so socially retarded he borders on sociopathic at times.
GOOD I'm really not making this up. My best friend Emily called me half an hour before I left to see 'The Social Network.' And guess what she wanted to know? 'This woman who went to high school with us wants to friend me,' she said. 'Do you remember her?'
GOOD Fincher and Sorkin, who clearly acknowledged that the meat of the plot was in examining the diverse characters involved, are to be applauded.
FAIR It's a credit to the combined efforts of Fincher and Sorkin that the dramatic tension can (more than once) culminate in the refreshing of a website.
GOOD This is a beautifully made film by David Fincher with a superb screenplay by Aaron Sorkin.
GOOD Like Zuckerberg, Fincher excels at data management, delivering vast amounts of information with the utmost clarity and speed.
GOOD This masterful, contentious and gripping biopic downloads us deep inside the control-alt-delete mind of the creator of Facebook, and then throws away the escape key.
GOOD A film of our times that captures the spirit of a generation that isn't prepared to wait their turn or pay their dues and instead will make the opportunities for themselves or tear it away from the less ambitious.
GOOD This picture helps convey the significance of the social media revolution; the one that simultaneously brings us together and tears us apart. The Social Network is scarily good. It gets us.
GOOD It's a shamelessly biased account, as well as a seductively plausible one, although you have to keep your wits about you to get the full effect.
GOOD Fincher has delivered his best work since Seven. An even better period drama than Zodiac and even more relevant to our generation today than Fight Club.
GOOD It doesn't take but a few minutes into the film for us to realize we're not only watching Fincher's strongest film to date, but the year's as well.
GOOD Fincher has constructed a wonderfully balanced tale of a young narcissistic genius in want of status and recognition.
BAD ...ultimately comes off as a well-intentioned failure that admittedly might hold some appeal for fans of the various actors...
FAIR ...if you don't mind watching people who are better looking than you coking up for 90 minutes...
FAIR London is a very simple character piece that is not for every taste. I recommend the film, but I fully expect some that see it based on my recommendation will curse my name come the end credits.
FAIR While it shouldn't work, it does.
BAD Grating and wildly unpleasant from beginning to end, London is perhaps one of the least entertaining films that I can recall seeing.
BAD 'You are so annoying!' our hero screams in the heroine's face, halfway through London. 'You are 10 times more annoying than me!' our heroine quickly answers. They're both right.
BAD I've seen more ferocious, and entertaining, spectacles at Raffi concerts.
BAD The only thing more tedious than stoned people philosophizing about the existence of God is boys who can't bring themselves to say 'I love you.'
BAD [The] script is so free of genuine insight into his beautiful but childish characters that it's hard to work up any sympathy for their shallow, juvenile problems.
BAD Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy spends hours in a bathroom snorting a mother lode of cocaine while annoying everyone within earshot with his tales of woe. Sounds like a great idea for a movie. Let's do it!
BAD Let's hope this movie hasn't come out too early in the year to be remembered for a well-deserved Razzie.
BAD London has nothing to do with London. It has nothing to do with anything, except the same heavy-breathing preppy Walter Mitty fantasy that drove A Million Little Pieces.
BAD Don't you hate it when you're holed up in a bathroom with two egocentric guys snorting coke and kibitzing about the meaning of life and their failing love lives? Me, too.
BAD Richards mistakes boorishness for drama, and the seemingly tendentious desire to be off-putting succeeds all too well.
FAIR I haven't seen so much nasty stuff ingested by so many people since ... well, college. But at least the folks like this that I used to know were kind enough to overdose at a certain point; here, they just keep talking. Or, more accurately, whining.
BAD This is a story about people who have no one to blame but themselves. The same goes for the filmmakers.
BAD A fiasco.
BAD An aggravating twerp of an indie.
BAD A misfired attempt at provocation and the exploration of philosophical thought, London is little more than an immature display of male bonding on speed.
BAD I have seen all of these actors on better days in better movies, and I may have a novena said for them.
BAD London is a coke-snorting catastrophe, full of endless scenes of chiseled morons trying to be Socrates. You're better off getting relationship advice from a Magic 8-ball.
FAIR Hunter Richards' parade of sex, drugs and pretty young things is saved by the amazing cast of young talent assembled.
BAD At one point, Syd (Chris Evans) says, "I just want something to turn the pain off. Give me something." That's the way I felt watching this movie.
BAD Richards recognizes and exploits Evans's beauty, self-reflexively using it as a red herring.
FAIR A muscular ensemble piece with an accomplished cast wringing out their best in an emotionally strained screenplay."
BAD Parece apenas interessado em lancar o meme dos "Lolcatz" como genero cinematografico.
BAD Nobody but July could have made a film so defiantly insufferable.
FAIR July's new film isn't as witty or touching as her debut but she still manages in her off-kilter way to say something original about her characters' hopes and fears and illusions... but viewers with an aversion for whimsy should probably steer well clear.
GOOD Many viewers, especially her detractors, can't see the forest for the twee in July's films. That's certainly true of "The Future" - but burrow down past the creepy-cutesy touches, and you find a film that's painfully real.
BAD You end up feeling sorry for the cat but not for Sophie and Jason, who seem unable to deal with life, love or, in fact, anything.
FAIR July's film-making is a taste I have yet fully to acquire, but she has a distinctive vision, a style, placed before you on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. I took it.
BAD July, who gave us the lovably odd Me and You and Everyone We Know, has layered on so much self-conscious whimsy - monologues from the cat, dialogues with the moon and other dashes of magical realism - that the central drama struggles to be heard.
GOOD A playfully self-aware dig at the emptiness of some modern lifestyles that will make you check your own.
FAIR I've seen The Future...and it's not bad at all.
FAIR Not a crowd-pleaser by any measure, but a mature, bold and recklessly inquisitive film, however unpleasant it is to consume in the moment.
FAIR July's romantic fantasy of stagnation and romantic drift has depths, but they're hidden behind walls of kookiness.
GOOD July's second film, while not quite as perfectly realised as her debut, nimbly avoids the 'sophomore slump', providing the curious with another window into her highly idiosyncratic world.
GOOD It's easy to be distracted by the talking cat or the talking moon, but they are merely wallpaper over a yawning chasm of panic and disappointment.
BAD Provides plenty of material for July junkies as well as July detractors.
FAIR What a strange, trippy, touching movie The Future is.
FAIR July is a provocative and honorably independent filmmaker, but given the meager rewards of investing our time, "The Future" wasn't worth the wait.
BAD At times - not all the time, just enough to notice - July gets it backward.
GOOD Not everything about "The Future" works. But most of it does, in a quietly powerful way.
GOOD Yes, it's creative and well done, but it finally left a bitter taste and I found it utterly depressing.
BAD The Future is a drab dramedy about thirtysomethings flailing about for self-definition.
FAIR A heartbreaking journey of defeat and loss.
FAIR You may have heard that a cat narrates "The Future" and, yes, that sounds like it would be deadly. But it isn't.
FAIR The actors are quite engaging, in their mopey way.
GOOD July likes her rhythms to shuffle, her beats to go long. She is the master of sideways portent - the small act with big ramifications.
GOOD Seeded in equal measure with playfulness and poignancy, The Future is a reflection on the accumulated burdens of generational anxiety, as filtered through a quasi-Dadaist, quasi-Absurdist sensibility.
BAD ...the suffocatingly nonsensical atmosphere [ensures] that even July's fans will be left scratching their heads on an progressively frequent basis.
FAIR A talking cat and moon and a restless T-shirt distract from the story, creating what July intends as interesting textures but instead come across as a form of vandalism.
GOOD July ties together these three characters' search for love, their desperate craving for contact, in a beautifully devastating narrative that employs time, space, and perception as simple props.
FAIR Offbeat, clever and filled with strange little narrative touches, The Future is often just as irritating as it is mesmerizing.
FAIR It can definitely grate on your nerves but, at best, it also gets into your mind, and sticks fast.
FAIR With wit and unsettling strangeness, "The Future" takes a sitcom premise - two skittish 35-year-olds adopting a sick and injured cat in order to tiptoe into the responsibilities of adulthood - and gives it a radical, otherworldly twist.
BAD A dismal expression of a lousy script... every bit the work of a young kid with lots of ideas and no clue what to do with them.
FAIR It's an unconventional but compelling film as four soldiers find themselves trapped behind enemy lines during an unspecified war.
FAIR [A] highly promising first effort by one of America's premiere filmmakers.
BAD Stanley Kubrick's long-unseen first feature film, recommended solely as a curio.
FAIR If Fear and Desire is uneven and sometimes reveals an experimental rather than a polished exterior, its over-all effect is entirely worthy of the sincere effort put into it.
GOOD Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
GOOD The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
GOOD The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
FAIR It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
FAIR Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
BAD Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
FAIR This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
FAIR the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
GOOD The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
FAIR A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
FAIR Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
GOOD Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
GOOD It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
FAIR It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
GOOD Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
GOOD A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
BAD However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
FAIR It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
GOOD Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
GOOD It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
FAIR Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
GOOD This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
GOOD It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
GOOD Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
FAIR Snowtown brings cold comfort.
GOOD 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
GOOD Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
GOOD Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
GOOD Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
FAIR This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
GOOD Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
GOOD Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
GOOD Bleak, immersive story of a Roma family struggling to survive by salvaging metal.
FAIR It's great to see an old hand going back to basics.
FAIR The film is also grimly compelling on a dramatic level as an account of a family struggling desperately for survival.
FAIR Even at a brief 75 minutes, it is, however, something of a grim slog.
GOOD What lights up the screen is Nazif's quiet, undemonstrative love for Senada, and hers for him. It is finally very moving.
FAIR It's all very intimate and convincing ... and the performances are naturalistic throughout. But there's nothing here we haven't seen before.
GOOD Played out with agonising matter-of-factness against a wintry backdrop of chimneys and tips, it's a grim, if quietly compelling affair.
GOOD Not a laugh riot by any means but there's plenty of tenderness and heart in this vignette of rural life.
FAIR ...an intriguing yet uneven look at life in a rarely filmed corner of the world.
FAIR While Memories is a landmark film that deserves wide exposure, its overriding concerns about intellectualism and class-consciousness -- or, perhaps, class self-consciousness -- feel dated.
GOOD If you're expecting a stodge of Marxist propaganda, you'll be pleasantly surprised: director Tomas Gutierrez Alea orchestrates a vibrant black-and-white collage of fictional sequences, still photos and documentary footage.
GOOD This transfixing movie, with its mix of freewheeling dialogue scenes, still photo images and documentary footage, conjures up the uncertain mood of Havana just after the revolution.
GOOD Very complex but well worth the attention you'll need to pay it to even vaguely catch every nuance.
GOOD A stirring blend of narrative fiction, still photography and rare documentary footage.
FAIR Mystery lovers will delight in the sophisticated murder scheme, oenophiles will love the Wine Expo atmosphere, and admirers of restrained menace will lose themselves in the icy pools of Arestrup's eyes.
FAIR It's both an entertaining drama and a snappy little postcard of France.
FAIR How much you enjoy "You Will Be My Son" depends on how much you can take an unbearable, arrogant jerk as your lead character.
BAD Gilles Legrand's draggy melodrama about miserable characters who persist in their folly and never wise up is strictly vin ordinaire.
GOOD French director and co-writer Gilles Legrand shows great mastery of tone and pacing in his third feature, which begins life as a domestic drama set at a family-owned vineyard and slowly morphs into a tense thriller.
GOOD A strongly acted, character-driven melodrama, concerned with the dynamics of family in general and father-son issues in particular, it presents situations so emotionally supercharged that the whole story could have come straight out of Balzac.
FAIR Headed by a pungent patriarchal performance by Arestrup. . . in beautiful vineyards. . .how far ambition trumps family ties is unpredictable. . .into a tense tale of revenge.
FAIR It's an entertaining melodrama of the old school that plays out with the clockwork inevitability of a "Columbo" episode.
GOOD The parallel dramas underline the universal theme of primal jealousy, as fathers confront the prospect of their sons superseding them.
BAD Everything is explicit; no one makes an unexpected move.
FAIR A kind of parable that is as much an effective portrait of intergenerational struggle as it is a slick psychological thriller with Shakespearian shadings.
GOOD Evoking a contemporary fable but unfolding like a thriller, You Will Be My Son is most of all a devastatingly realistic depiction of the festering resentments shared between a father and son.
BAD For all of the director's willingness to explore his characters' unexpected depths, he's still hamstrung by his perpetually tasteful cinema-of-quality aesthetic.
GOOD A powerful father-son psychodrama with plenty of emotional fireworks in its depiction of the toxic power of high expectations.
GOOD An acid drama which leaves a deliciously bitter aftertaste.
FAIR Legrand handles the absurdity with some style, and there is something clever in making an apparently minor character responsible for a major narrative flourish. An enjoyable spectacle.
FAIR As metaphors for life go, wine has a very high yield, and Gilles Legrand's sensitive screenplay tramples out every last drop of juice.
GOOD It all ends in tears, bouquet'd with irony, wisdom and bleak comedy.
GOOD Lustrous photography and a fine cast make this dark drama a compelling one.
GOOD Might [be] a little by-the-book for some viewers, but the feelings have a persuasive, bloody rawness to them.
GOOD Perfect for Christmas in the sense that you'll look on your own family a little more warmly after this one.
GOOD The only downside is Armand Amar's over-explicit score, underlining every dramatic moment.
FAIR Leisurely paced at the outset, director Gilles Legrand builds a considerable head of emotional steam.
FAIR Charmng [thanks to] its game cast who are having an obviously marvelous time sashaying about and saying gaily artificial dialogue.
GOOD Charming take on Cinderella tale has strong heroine.
FAIR Once upon a time there was a feisty young woman who didn't sit around twiddling her pretty thumbs and singing "Someday My Prince Will Come."
GOOD A delightful movie, full of feisty, three-dimensional characters romping through comedy, romance and otherwise gloriously colorful moments.
FAIR You won't see a fairy godmother flitting from scene to scene. Nor will a pumpkin magically transform into a chariot.
BAD The bottom line is: it's cute. And it's relatively inoffensive.
FAIR There are a few nice moments when Barrymore's acting talent shines through, and the same can be said for Huston and Scott. But as a romantic comedy, this film is only slightly above average.
FAIR A high-spirited Renaissance romance starring the thoroughly modern Drew Barrymore.
FAIR A surprisingly passionate reworking of the classic Grimm Brothers' tale.
BAD Though director Andy Tennant was enthusiastic about putting this kind of spin on Cinderella, his touch turns out to be counterproductive.
GOOD A neat retelling of a very old story.
FAIR A solid lead, and an interesting and timely story line.
GOOD The most fun I've had at the movies all year.
GOOD It's Drew Barrymore's movie.
FAIR It's colorful, enjoyable and tame enough for the entire family.
FAIR There are some nice enhancements to the yarn, like the stepsisters not being particularly ugly (one even turns out to be an ally), and the prince not wanting "those certain obligations that come with privilege."
FAIR Too much talk, not enough wooing. In the end, Ever After's spell is only half cast.
BAD Veering wildly between farce and suds, the movie never makes up its mind whether it's a spoof, a soap opera or a feminist pep talk.
GOOD The best Cinderella movie ever.
FAIR Romantics will no doubt enjoy Ever After, easily overlooking its flaws. Others who attend will find, while not a perfect film, one which is better than they hoped.
GOOD A clever new twist on an age-old fable.
GOOD Ever After is the kind of fairy tale we could use more of.
GOOD A frothy delight.
GOOD Sumptuously filmed.
FAIR The old tale still has life and passion in it.
BAD Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
FAIR If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
BAD Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not so much as engaging drama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
FAIR The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not always perfectly sharp.
FAIR The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
FAIR confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to know anything
FAIR This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
FAIR Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never properly feel the emotional punch.
FAIR If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't really need to see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
FAIR Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
FAIR A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
GOOD Nao ha como negar que os grandes viloes de Jogo de Poder nao se encontram no Afeganistao ou no Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
FAIR The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
BAD A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
GOOD It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
GOOD Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
BAD There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not allow me to recount them here. Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
GOOD Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
FAIR An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
BAD It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
FAIR The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
GOOD An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
FAIR Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
GOOD A fine political thriller.
FAIR Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
FAIR An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the cliches of the genre.
GOOD While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
BAD It's never clear whether Sean Penn is aware just how annoying his character is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
GOOD Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect. Great star turns, too.
FAIR In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
BAD ...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
GOOD Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human. A Great Political Flick
BAD An example of op-ed cinema. That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
FAIR A docudrama about a historic event that happened not long ago, 'Fair Game' is the story not only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
FAIR An exceptional drama.
GOOD ...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
FAIR Respectable but rather soggy.
BAD If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
GOOD Elephant Song is a twisty and unpredictable film that has poignancy and depth thanks to a layered story that's executed brilliantly by the two leads.
BAD There's an attractive air of menace hanging over the proceedings, but otherwise the movie feels stagey and stilted.
FAIR A good workout for a talented cast ...
FAIR There's no small pleasure in watching Dolan and Greenwood square off against each other ...
FAIR Biname's film has many elements of a gripping psychological thriller, and the verbal jousting between Greenwood and Dolan's characters is rather entertaining; but by the time all is revealed, the punch doesn't quite hit its mark.
FAIR Another 1990s domestic parable chastising workaholic dads, The River Wild also functions as a gorgeous travelogue and a Meryl Streep action film.
FAIR A buff Streep vs. bad guy Bacon on a wild river journey in which good acting overcomes several cliches.
FAIR corny but gripping
BAD Terrible "suspense" movie. Predictable and no action until the end.
GOOD It looks like an action movie, sounds like an action movie, but there's a lot more going on here.
FAIR The title promises more than the film delivers.
BAD Constructed from so many ideas, characters and situations recycled from other movies that all the way down the river I kept thinking: Been there. Done that.
FAIR The thriller framework is still familiar, but the results exhibit a welcome freshness.
FAIR An almost prototypical example of a straight-to-video actioner...
FAIR Slow yet powerful, Nameless Gangster pales in comparison to New World but deserves some credit for making you feel like such a big part of this law breaking family.
FAIR Yoon Jong-bin's film has the epic sweep and detail of a gangster movie like "Scarface," but none of the mythologizing.
GOOD A well-acted, intelligent and riveting thrill ride that will take your breath away. It's one of the most powerful gangster films in years.
BAD Click to read review
BAD It's also curious to note that this film, like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust, is easily as bad at a fraction the budget.
BAD The movie, directed by Mick Jackson, leaves no cliche unturned, from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting.
BAD ...a flat, poorly-conceived idealized romance between two less-than-captivating protagonists.
BAD This is the first picture in the series that feels inert.
BAD Time to hang up the boxing gloves, ol' Rocky.
GOOD For the most part, the Rocky pictures have been outstanding entertainments, beautifully crafted and executed, and Rocky V is an important and worthwhile addition to the series.
FAIR Much-maligned but sporadically effective...
FAIR Goes the distance as a parable about what is really means to have heart.
FAIR A sloppy but good-natured reminder of just what it is that has kept Rocky Balboa afloat for 14 years.
BAD They should-a stopped at IV.
BAD Like watching some favourite relative die, Stallone subjects the viewer to a miserable and pathetic end for such an enduring character.
BAD Even Stallone seems to be sleepier than usual here.
FAIR "It's just so overflowing with ideas and characters that the main point it's trying to make nearly eludes it."
FAIR Richard Curtis' movies are classics but this one is not.
BAD It never once questions our protagonist's manipulation of time and people, and seems to think one can enjoy a life of true happiness...built upon some pretty serious lies. Creepy, actually.
GOOD There are those who, upon finding a plot hole in a film, allow it to ruin the movie. I'm not among them.'About Time' is flawed, with numerous plot holes. But it's beautifully told, wonderfully acted and touching enough to bring viewers to tears.
GOOD This complete charmer of a movie delighted me from start to finish. In fact, About Time may well be the two most purely pleasurable hours I've spent in the cinema all year.
FAIR In the end, it's a charmer. For those of you who have liked Curtis' previous rom-coms, come along for a lovely joyride...
FAIR Typical Richard Curtis fare, with a time travel twist.
GOOD Brilliantly written and well directed by Curtis (this is his third film behind the camera), "About Time" is just another jewel in his crown as the reigning romantic comedy king.
FAIR It's about time so it's a bit convoluted. It's too long but not a bad rom-com.
FAIR About Time is a solid tale about love, loss, and family with great performances - that leans on a compelling but sometimes problematic time-travel premise.
FAIR It's sweet and charming and utterly preposterous and, despite the trailers, it's not as much of a love story as you might think. Or at least, not that kind of love story.
GOOD It's smart and sweet and unabashedly sentimental. But it's also the kind of movie that - in spite of its faults - strikes a bright, resonant wind-chime of a note.
BAD Eventually undone both by the flimsiness of its own sci-fi conceit and by Curtis' struggle to build fully realized characters other than Tim.
BAD For all its little pleasures, About Time just adds a level of magical realism to his typical themes that doesn't make love feel any more magical or any more real.
FAIR In addition to its sharp/sweet dialogue, the movie's success rests with the radiant dorkiness of leads Gleeson and McAdams, as well as the quirky supporting cast.
GOOD The wisdom in Richard Curtis' film is simple and sentimental. But it's still wisdom.
FAIR There's a lot of comic and fantasy potential here, but much of it gets squandered.
FAIR Funny & Sweet
GOOD ...one of the best movies of its type to come around in a great long while.
GOOD One of those movies that we often hear "isn't really science fiction because it's about people" but the time travel element gets us to the truths Curtis wants to reveal.
FAIR You may as well check your cynicism at the door, because Curtis & Co. are going to find a way to trample all over it - adorably.
BAD With more attention to detail, this could have worked, but the time travel aspects are so badly executed that the movie as a whole falters and eventually rips apart at the seams.
FAIR As long as [Curtis] doesn't make any more films about radio stations on boats then he and I are going to get along fine until one of us dies
FAIR The characters are really loveable and their relationships are delightfully old-fashioned and touching.
FAIR It's been a while since I've seen a film as unabashedly and forcibly sentimental as Richard Curtis's About Time.
GOOD About Time is writer/director Richard Curtis campaigning the audience to cherish every single second of our fleeting existence. Yes we can.
FAIR Later, the film's message reveals itself to be: "Live every day as though it had a soundtrack by Coldplay." Take that, and the rest of the film, as cynically or as idealistically as you choose.
BAD It's all so perfect and sparkly that Curtis would rather not break the mood with drama or plot.
GOOD It almost ignores its central time travel concept and instead focuses on an unbridled joy in love. Can that get too sweet and sugary? Of course, but sometimes a dose of sweet and sugary is perfectly welcome.
GOOD Rachel McAdams and a captivating performance by romantic lead Domhnall Gleeson, a nice time warp story, and wonderful music; who could ask for anything more?
GOOD The movie moves episodically, leisurely, through roughly a decade, and that feels like a gift: to nestle in with these extraordinary, ordinary people and get to know them.
FAIR At once cuddly, entertaining and shameless.
BAD A soap opera of babies, poignant moments, minor crises, and lessons about savouring each day.
BAD ...feels like a short that's unnaturally been expanded to feature length...
BAD I just couldn't buy into the way the film veered into a family drama when it started out so confidently.
BAD As interesting as the message is with this film, it is equally as hypocritical of the movie industry to shake its finger at fads, trendsetters and materialistic nonsense.
FAIR Even with decent turns from the leads, and a usefully soulful one from Gary Cole as a neighbor inclined to do the proverbial keeping up, the film can't always manage to justify itself as an actual movie instead of merely a clever concept.
FAIR A darkly comical satire about affluence might seem a bit ill-timed during a global recession. But a strong cast makes this film very watchable, even as it slips into melodrama.
FAIR Borte, directing his first film, does a smooth, confident job, so that even though the set-up isn't quite plausible you're happy to go along with it.
GOOD Think of it as an inverted Truman Show, with David Duchovny and Demi Moore as yuppified secret salesmen hawking an idealized suburban lifestyle while incognito.
BAD Way to kill that dark comedy you were going for.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD A missed opportunity from 2010 that could have been so timely and brilliant that it's almost painful to watch.
FAIR Taken at surface level, The Joneses does succeed in presenting its attack on consumerism; and for that alone it sparks up talking points and will leave you to think about exactly why you bought the model of car or mobile phone you did.
BAD Plays it far too safe and ends up not saying anything at all.
FAIR Exceptionally thoughtful, not only in terms of consumerism, but when considering the value of compassion as well. Worth your hard earned money, no strings attached.
BAD We know by now that blatant, senseless consumption is bad, harmful even. But the biggest surprise about The Joneses is its skillful avoidance of any meaning or significance whatsoever.
FAIR A fine, sneaky satire ... undercut by an awful ending, one that smells as if someone (a corporation perhaps?) got their hands on it.
FAIR The film's fatal flaw is Borte's refusal to give his satire the darker, uncomfortable edge it needs to give his lesson some impact.
FAIR This cautionary tale depicts consumers who believe they deserve stuff, whether or not they can pay for it. Rarely is this kind of truth seen onscreen in such a subtle and entertaining film.
FAIR Every now and then a small, intelligent, quietly thought-provoking film slips through the Hollywood studios' net and prompts the thought, How did this ever get made?
FAIR It's a fine idea that could have made for a devastating critique of consumerism had Borte chosen to follow it through to a cynical, nihilistic conclusion.
FAIR An intriguing and timely satire about the increasingly insidious ways consumer culture tries to keep us spending even when we can't afford it.
GOOD A breezy satire on consumerism that takes a smart idea and develops it into an entertaining morality tale.
BAD It's a brilliant premise but wretchedly executed, as product placement becomes more important than the sly inherent satire of consumer conformity.
FAIR You could probably find similar suburban developments, and similar people living in them, in most if not all U.S. states and that jibes perfectly with the spirit of this film.
FAIR Here is a smart, entertaining satire on greed and materialism among America's leisured classes.
FAIR Any anti-materialistic movie from Hollywood - spiritual home of furtive product placement and dodgy role-models - deserves commendation for at least pretending to have its heart in the right place.
BAD It's not a bad idea, but just as you think you're watching a biting consumer satire, the plot instead descends into melodrama and soap operatics.
FAIR The Joneses never makes it into full on satire but is smart and clear enough in its setup not to have to spell out a message in some soapy conclusion.
BAD Interesting if not entirely successful.
FAIR Borte's conceit is a fun one to be in on, but basically too synthetic to have the satirical bite it wants -- it's more a playful fantasy of consumerist whim than an edgy expose.
FAIR A meta-satire that doesn't quite come off.
GOOD Ordinarily, I wouldn't have crossed the road to see Moore and Duchovny together, but their relationship works both before and after the film's outragous left-field twist.
GOOD Making good use of its excellent premise, this flawed gem deserves to find an audience.
GOOD The film doesn't just have its cake and eat it. It makes you want to upgrade that cake to a chic Laduree macaroon.
GOOD A seamless debut feature for Derrick Borte as writer, director and producer.
FAIR Moore and Duchovny's on-screen connection is sizzling and both stars excel in unravelling their hard-bitten characters' fragility.
BAD A good idea and good acting are ruined by a craven Hollywood Ending.
GOOD Hugely enjoyable and cleverly written, this is an impressively directed, thought-provoking comedy-drama with a pair of pitch-perfect performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.
FAIR There's a nicely cynical streak at the heart of The Joneses, until Borte goes soft and lets the audience off the hook.
GOOD Mr. Borte conjures up a pleasant Stepford that runs less on robotic conformity than on endless, anxious competition. The key to the film is that it allows this life to have some real appeal.
GOOD One of the best and simplest ideas for a film in a long time. It's too bad the ending doesn't compare with the rest of the film, but still a good time.
GOOD as slick as the sales philosophy of its characters tempered with a palpable anger at what Madison Avenue hath wrought
FAIR Writer-director Derrick Borte makes an impressive film debut that takes advantage of a familiarity with marketing consumer goods and seductive advertising.
FAIR A satire that pokes fun of the ruses that corporations are willing to undertake in order to get more people purchasing their products.
FAIR Evil, even evil that doesn't even realize how evil it is, has rarely looked so everyday.
BAD Third World Cop shows that Hollywood hackdom isn't that far removed from independent (and foreign) digital video posturing.
BAD ...proof that not just the Americans are capable of churning out cliched action flicks.
FAIR Best enjoyed as a sample of the state of the art circa 1925, not as a timeless masterpiece.
FAIR Yes, you'll also find the chariot race in here, and you may even find it as exciting or more exciting than the one Heston enacted.
FAIR Hokey by today's standards, but one of the greatest silent film spectacles.
GOOD Has merits not found in William Wyler's Oscar-laden 1959 remake.
BAD Battle in Seattle is a childish, ineffectively manipulative piece of self-serious agitprop about the four-day World Trade Organization meetings in 1999.
BAD Actor-turned-filmmaker Stuart Townsend would have been better off keeping things on a more modest scale. There are just too many characters here.
FAIR This is a powerful, wrenching and impressive writing and directing debut for the talented actor, definitely now a triple showbiz threat.
FAIR If current events hold, Battle in Seattle could look like prophecy as well as history.
FAIR The issue deserves a better sounding board than this.
BAD There is a monster in Battle in Seattle, but it never speaks and remains mysterious.
BAD Actor-turned writer-director Stuart Townsend makes great use of the documentary footage of the '99 Seattle WTO riots. And he gets across his talking points about this shadowy outfit, too. It's a shame his script and all his actor friends get in the way.
FAIR Very ambitious, the story constantly jumps back and forth, trying to give both sides of the story. I'll say it's mostly successful.
FAIR Braiding brief snippets of these automatically suspenseful storylines with archival video footage of the actual event, Townsend makes a good point that the thing just got away from all involved.
BAD It's easy to see why Townsend was attracted to this inherently dramatic situation, but the characters he's put on screen feel less like real people than like entities created to either make plot points or stand in for specific positions.
FAIR The film's default position is to always fall back on anti-capitalist rhetoric whenever dialogue and drama grow too banal.
BAD The chief culprits are Townsend's TV-movie characterizations and a very muddled message.
FAIR The result is not quite a documentary and not quite a drama, but interesting all the same.
BAD Cinema verite' filmed in an unabashedly one-sided, pro-demonstrator mode, this film fails to make the grade as either hard hitting documentary or staged narrative fiction
FAIR What the film lacks in artistry it makes up for in commitment.
BAD So measured and fair-minded that all the drama gets sucked out of it.
BAD The characters in Battle in Seattle are often crudely drawn, and the able actors struggle with canned lines.
BAD For all its speeches and scary graphics, Townsend's script fails to make it clear why we should care today.
BAD Less notable is the soap-ish plot, which leans heavily on coincidence and melodrama.
BAD It's like a class play by the Students for a Democratic Society.
BAD Boiled down to its minerals, Battle in Seattle feels a lot more like The Poseidon Adventure (1972) than a thorough examination of the moment.
BAD But a drama is only as convincing as its characters. The people awkwardly forced together in Battle in Seattle are rhetorical mouthpieces tied to the sketchy plotlines of a so-so Hollywood ensemble movie.
BAD puppet characters spout pabulum and orate to the skies
BAD ... will leave you slightly better informed than two hours spent staring at a wall.
FAIR Political ensemble drama is provocative, preachy.
FAIR A tense debut about the need for stern yet peaceful action when so many global frustrations are already primed to blow.
FAIR Three cheers for this prophetic political film about activists willing to take a stand against rich and powerful multinational corporations.
FAIR An ambitious directorial debut from Irish actor Stuart Townsend that does an impressive job recreating the 1999 protests that accompanied the World Trade Organization's arrival in Seattle.
BAD Fictionalized drama frustrates, rather than facilitates, understanding about the 1999 World Trade Organization (WTO) protests in Battle to Seattle.
GOOD Great suspense thriller.
GOOD Once you see it, you'll have an enthusiastic new response when people ask you "Hmm, what's a good horror movie I've never seen?"
FAIR A Sam Raimi wannabe that doesn't always strike the right balance of humor to thrills, but comes close
FAIR Gets off to a great, scary start, but then turns silly and comical, breaking the film's tone of dread.
FAIR Though this slight but agreeable nail-biter loses a couple steps before its wrap-up, it's not before offering one of the funniest variations yet on the furious neighbor who wonders what's going on in the upstairs apartment.
FAIR a fair first effort
GOOD A clever story of murder and mystery interspersed with various acts of cyber-crime and corporate intrigue, it's the most refreshing thriller in recent memory.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD The final result is an adaptation that's just about as successful as its literary predecessor, with the film occasionally exceeding the book in a few areas...
GOOD Dragon Tattoo is from the beginning far more about it's hero's than it's villains which is a pleasant change. It's dark and dismal and beautiful and human and everything a crime film should be.
BAD Witless, suit-and-tie porn posing as Great Art.
BAD Do people love the original book so much they're willing to forgive a film that is sorely lacking in substance, motivation, action, tension, ambiguity and style?
GOOD Graphic sexual violence in thrilling subtitled crime drama.
GOOD Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
BAD An overlong, gestating, and sadistic version of a Murder She Wrote episode, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is all hype, confusing shocking imagery for thrilling storytelling.
FAIR Met with much success throughout the world, and one must wonder if its rather old-fashioned mystery feel had something to do with it.
GOOD It's not surprising David Fincher has put his hand up for the remake, as the subject material is right up his alley, a la Seven and Zodiac but an English-language remake seems so pointless (as usual) given the quality here.
BAD [W]hile the film offers silly fun for a while, its ultimate schizophrenia and self-seriousness become its undoing.
FAIR The film version by director Niels Arden Oplev is a faithful adaptation of the novel...perhaps too faithful to work completely as cinema, but well-produced nonetheless.
FAIR Director Niels Arden Oplev recognizes Larsson's affinity for the structure of American mysteries, and gives the film a slick Hollywood pacing that keeps it constantly driving forward without ever sacrificing the inherent brains or guts of the story.
GOOD A stylish mystery that both conforms to the genre and departs from it in interesting ways.
GOOD It may not address every need of a commercially conscious viewer, but those with enough patience will be rewarded with something rich - and revelatory.
FAIR An engaging thriller that makes the most of its complex characters, [but] it's still not as good as the book.
GOOD Nothing beats a good whodunit.
GOOD ...while all of the performances are strong, Rapace owns this movie and this character, to the point that casting anyone else as Lisbeth seems ridiculous.
GOOD I'll happily sit for two more movies featuring this pair; I only wish there could be more.
GOOD The movie takes its time entangling a reporter-turned-investigator and a hacking punkette into its multigenerational family mystery, but once it gets there it becomes a solid, old-fashioned slab of detective fiction.
GOOD A chilling detective tale, a horrific sexual abuse drama and an overlong, emotional, tie-up-every-loose-end melodrama that is sure to be half an hour shorter when Hollywood remakes it without Swedish dialogue and probably without the cool Swedish edge.
GOOD The Swedish thriller 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' miraculously causes the adjectives 'convoluted' and 'implausible' to become positive
GOOD A Hollywood version would have gone right for a blood-spattered prologue, while this Swedish version (faithful to the best-selling book by Stieg Larsson) slowly builds its chills, creating an overwhelming feeling of dread.
GOOD The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo takes one on a journey down the icy roads to hell, with a dogged, investigative journalist and an avenging punk angel -- an odd couple par excellence.
FAIR The picture, reduced to a black-and-white kind of manhunt, is visually black-and-white as well. It's set in the snowy landscape of rural Sweden, where the self-effacing and pale-faced Blomkvist blends into the wintry scenes.
FAIR A lurid, painstakingly rendered episode involving the 'girl's' sexually abusive probation officer is redundant and suspect; it offers a chance to identify with a leering abuser even as it encourages a lust for revenge.
FAIR Reminiscent in tone and execution of a well-worn Agatha Christie novel, as it should be.
GOOD None of its 146-minute running time is dull, each turn of the plot makes sense, and the outcome of just about everything is extremely satisfying.
FAIR It's a rare phenomenon on American screens: a paranoid, vigilante-glamorizing left-wing vision. I just wish its heroine had been given emotional shadings beyond suffering, rage and sullen endurance.
GOOD ... a sensational, spine-chilling thriller that will leave you clenching the arms on your theater chair until your knuckles turn white.
GOOD The film belongs to Noomi Rapace, who creates one of the most fascinating screen creations in recent memory
GOOD Built in the Hollywood tradition, it's a dark and relentless thriller, and one of the most engaging and accessible foreign films to come along since Tell No One.
GOOD Rapace's haunting, enigmatic Lisbeth is the element that leaves you eager for the next two installments. She's fantastic, and so is the movie.
FAIR A slick thriller with a surfeit of craftsmanship, rather more entertaining, perhaps, than it is memorable or "good".
GOOD The storytelling intelligent, and the two leads are endlessly watchable. The casting is impeccable.
FAIR Spy thriller mixes nonstop violence with pro-family message.
FAIR It's Ford and Patriot Games that made Jack Ryan a top-notch action hero and not just a capable CIA nerd.
FAIR Ford gives one of his most commanding performances outside of a Lucas production, establishing an action formula Ford would repeat...[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Not bad. Pretty intense ending.
FAIR E sempre bom ver um filme de acao que se preocupa em desenvolver seus personagens.
FAIR It ain't exactly saving the world, but Patriot Games's earnestness belies its ultimate simplicity and smallness.
GOOD Great Tom Clancy adaptation
FAIR Enjoyable thriller that has Jack Ryan (Harrison Ford) going head to head with terrorists.
FAIR I expected this one to be a little more cerebral and without the Indiana Jones ending.
FAIR An enjoyable, tense and sometimes stylish action film, but lacks the depth of characterization and technical proficiency that made Hunt a superior work.
BAD Rickety Japanese feminist drama which is too uneven to make any provocative impact.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never far from redoubtable moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland. Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't too serious to throw in an occasional gag. Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
GOOD The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
GOOD Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours. The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels. Down time doesn't exist in this film.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
GOOD The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all. It transcends the genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
GOOD Does it match the hype? Yes.
GOOD At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
GOOD Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
GOOD If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
GOOD Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events. Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
GOOD [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
GOOD Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
GOOD The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
GOOD It's not just the best Batman film ever. It's not just the best superhero movie ever. It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in. The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
GOOD a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
GOOD Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
GOOD It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves. Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel. By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
GOOD The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
GOOD Visceral and terrifying.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
GOOD Even if this wasn't Ledger's final role before his untimely death last year, his Joker would still go down in cinema history as one of the most creepily unhinged big-screen bad guys of all time.
GOOD More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
GOOD You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start. In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
GOOD Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
GOOD Bring on part three.
GOOD To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value. Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
GOOD Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
GOOD In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
GOOD It not only surpasses Batman Begins - previously considered the high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept. 11 film.
BAD ...it's rather stunning to note that a North American studio thought that this garbage heap of a movie was worth releasing on home video.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
BAD A total embarrassment; not Nimoy's best work behind the camera.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
FAIR In comparison with most of the Indian cinema that breaks through to the Western mainstream, Bandit Queen stands out for its political attitude and willingness to take on Hollywood sensibilities in its storytelling.
GOOD Russell Brand is, for once, well cast in the role of vague, vain singer Aldous, who's also the object of obsession for a waiter and aspiring musician in the Hawaiian resort.
FAIR The numerous, unflinchingly filmed scenes of public and gang rape make this a visceral, if gruelling, experience, especially when juxtaposed with sprawling, beautifully photographed vistas of the Indian deserts and mountain ranges.
GOOD Seema Biswas' lock on our fascination and sympathies is unreleasable, making for a most powerful film from India.
FAIR Although the "Bandit Queen" is a film loaded with violence and hatred, it is also an affirmation of the durability of the human spirit.
FAIR Seema Biswas, who plays the protagonist, conveys a remarkable range of suffering - bleeding, at its extremes, into a kind of pure, white-hot hate that makes the anger of Thelma and Louise look like playground stuff.
FAIR Devi is played by Seema Biswas as a fireball of unrelenting, white-hot fury -- a slap in the face to her country and its barbaric, outdated treatment of women.
FAIR Seema Biswas is convincing in the role: small, fierce, dark-eyed and indomitable.
GOOD A towering achievement.
FAIR It is representative of a thousand other real-life stories -- albeit not as spectacular as the Devi saga -- which have emerged in the news from India in the past decade.
GOOD It is one well worth the time of fans of serious drama.
GOOD A fascinating work.
GOOD An excellent examination of caste discrimination, human suffering, and the role of women in India's changing culture.
BAD A simplistic and utterly-predictable morality tale.
BAD A few good scenes, a few solid messages...But he's such a dull dramatist and boring actor that the message isn't delivered.
FAIR ... smoothly entertaining. Eventually, though, Perry is undone by his own deft cliches, and he doesn't know when to stop ...
FAIR In terms of Perry's oeuvre it's surprisingly light on the cheesy melodrama.
FAIR It's in the upper half of Perry's filmography, at any rate, both in terms of conceptual rigor and execution.
BAD Tyler Perry is no Douglas Sirk.
BAD The melodramatic film has numerous light and comical touches, and the performances are uniformly good. The film's pace, however, has the consistency of molasses.
FAIR An entertaining film with Perry in the lead, but the acting honors are stolen by the supporting cast
BAD A ridiculously redemptive finale negates almost all of the preceding dramatic tension and resurrects a cloying Richard Marx chestnut to boot.
BAD 'Message' movie lacks humor to draw in teens.
BAD Whose life, Wesley asks in the movie's narration, is he living? Judging from all the sterile office and apartment space and his mile-long face, I'd say Bruce Willis's in "The Sixth Sense.''
BAD There aren't a lot of laughs in "Good Deeds," and it could have used more of them.
BAD Good Deeds honors goodness, which isn't at all a bad thing, and it's not without moments of genuine feeling. But by the film's end, after watching a seemingly infinite number of dour close-ups of sober self-evaluation, I felt bludgeoned.
FAIR [Tyler Perry's Wesley] is Prince Charming for a prospective audience of women who are less enchanted by rippling abs than by kindness and responsibility.
FAIR Perry's considerate plotting is deliberate, perhaps even overlong, but with an attuned sense of people's evolving feelings and relationships.
FAIR decent
BAD Drowning in tedious exposition, much of which is devoted to affirming the obvious.
BAD Every Perry movie has its highs and lows. This time, the highs are a little higher, and the lows not quite so low.
BAD Tyler Perry has finally achieved an odd kind of equality that heretofore eluded him: he's now just as mediocre and middle of the road as any other reliable hitmaker in Hollywood.
FAIR Although the script is flawed and filled with melodramatic moments that warrant laughter, Perry's loyal fan base will be engaged by this "Pretty Woman" meets "The Pursuit of Happyness" mash and leave theaters entertained.
BAD Good Deeds is more proof that Perry is a crude dramatist.
BAD I never thought I'd say it, but I miss Madea.
BAD A melodramatic slog riddled with laughable dialogue that wouldn't hold a made-for-TV-movie audience past the first commercial break.
GOOD Another compelling Tyler Perry parable delivering a priceless message about what really matters most.
FAIR Older teens and adults will enjoy. Book is better.
BAD The movie benefits greatly from Johansson's gift for understated delivery, but she's less assured in this demure, largely non-verbal role than she was as a modern young woman in Ghost World and Lost in Translation.
BAD An entertaining but inauthentic adaptation, a production which reads more like a Hollywood teensploit than a historical epic from Holland.
BAD Girl gives us a vividly painted world but only patchily drawn characters - in that sense, it gets Vermeer only half right
FAIR A fascinating concept that loses its luster on screen.
GOOD A terrifically realised film, startlingly emotional and wonderfully visceral.
FAIR To watch Girl With a Pearl Earring is to sense that one great photograph after another is unfolding before the eyes.
GOOD ... the true star of this film is Eduardo Serra, who should have had the Oscar. Sweeping fantasy vistas are easy; creating a sensual feast through the camera's lens is hard.
FAIR Every year or so a movie gets released that is cherished more for its look than its actual content.
FAIR The novel is trimmed down to almost a vignette telling the story of the model for Vermeer's most famous painting. This is art director Christina Schaffer's film.
GOOD Webber's film drips with art, but it doesn't exactly inspire deeply felt emotion.
GOOD You don't have to know much about the artist Johannes Vermeer to be enchanted by "The Girl With the Pearl Earring."
GOOD La cinematografia de Eduardo Serra logra que la luz sea un personaje mas, uno de importancia mas alla de la historia.
FAIR 'Sobrio y fino trabajo filmico que demuestra un prometedor inicio de carrera de un joven cineasta que puede ofrecer cosas interesantes a futuro. Verdaderamente recomendable'
BAD Dryer than a Tucson winter.
BAD visually striking but stultifying... there's less predatory hide-and-seek in 'Dracula' than there is here, and at least the vampires eventually put the bite on their victims.
GOOD A worthy attempt, but the sum of Pearl Earring is less than its individual parts would suggest it could -- and should -- have been.
FAIR Similar to Shakespeare In Love in the manner in which it combines period fact with pure speculation.
GOOD Por baixo de sua superficie aparentemente placida, aqueles personagens vivem uma paixao absurdamente intensa. Como o proprio quadro que da titulo ao filme.
GOOD Like Vermeer's paintings, Girl is a diminutive masterwork, deftly reflecting the master's mysterious art.
FAIR Cinematographer Eduardo Serra somehow manages to capture the appearance of the wonderful Delft light seen in Vermeer's paintings...
BAD As a former editor, we might expect Webber to have a better sense of when to cut, but his instincts fail him completely here.
GOOD A film so beautiful that it's a treasure to watch and admire, a little like the Old Master himself.
GOOD Cinematographer Eduardo Serra supplies painterly setups that should inspire much cooing from the gallery-opening set.
GOOD Working from an intelligent, understated screenplay by Olivia Hetreed, director Peter Webber (an acclaimed documentarian) proceeds with a stunning assurance.
FAIR Lavish attention to historical detail, the thorough immersion in this unusual world and Johansson's impressive performance make Girl With a Pearl Earring memorable but not a masterpiece.
BAD Cinematically, this is as aloof and clinical as a film can get.
FAIR Johansson ... tops all her previous work with a performance that's almost wordless but intensely expressive.
FAIR Webber's listless direction is as flat as a museum wall.
GOOD If you're moved by great beauty or the glimpse of another world, or appreciate the subtleties of unspoken love and what inspires it, you'll respond, 'Ah, but what paint.'
BAD For the most part, Girl With a Pearl Earring is simultaneously heaving and static, like the cover of a Harlequin romance novel and about as exciting to contemplate for more than 90 minutes.
GOOD A feast for the eyes.
BAD It all adds up to one long, slow -- but very pretty -- bore.
FAIR Girl With a Pearl Earring is a lot like watching exceptionally pretty paint dry.
FAIR It's the shots, not the dialogue or even the fine acting, that will stay with you after you leave the theater.
FAIR ... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way. The diversions are kind of where it's at.
FAIR While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one is making iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
BAD Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
FAIR Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never completed his shooting script... But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
FAIR For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
GOOD Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
BAD There's no doubt that Anderson is an inventive filmmaker bursting with ideas. The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
FAIR Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
BAD Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
GOOD Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't. It works for me beautifully...
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
FAIR The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best. In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
FAIR magnificent display of talents not weaved into coherent story
GOOD Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
FAIR There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
BAD Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
FAIR Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecitta like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath. He makes one hell of a splash.
GOOD Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
GOOD Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
FAIR Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many. On this evidence, he's not quite there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
GOOD Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
GOOD The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
BAD Well, this is a painful review to write. The film is a mess. The really odd occurrences are just that...odd. They have no resonance.
BAD There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
BAD I really don't know what to make of this movie, other than to say that it was definitely the least impressive addition to Anderson's filmography so far.
GOOD Everything about this film bespeaks wholesomeness, from its gentle life lessons to its calm dignity ... (t)hat said, it is not quite as good as some of the hype would have it.
FAIR The acting is good all round, but the star of the show has to be Al Freeman Jr. He shows great inner strength, bravery, and intelligence.
FAIR Though the film exhibits a vaguely nostalgic tone, it's hardly sugar-coated, displaying an increasingly discernible edge to its portrayal of racist realities.
GOOD Unflinching drama of the journey of a drug mule.
GOOD The subject could be, and has been, exploitative in other films, but Joshua Marston shrewdly sketches asides of drama about whether Maria should simply remain in New York. To his credit, that outcome feels as fraught with peril as her drug-running.
FAIR the filmmaker's eye and ear for authentic detail and believable characterization...make the film an unusually tough and gritty slice of underworld life.
GOOD Moreno e uma daquelas atrizes que prendem o olhar do espectador, que, fascinado, mal percebe o sutil trabalho de construcao de personagem que esta sendo desenvolvido.
GOOD Moreno communicates without words - she immediately sells the film, the concept, the struggle, the danger.
GOOD Catalina Sandino Moreno gives a superb, naturalistic performance as Maria and Marston is careful not to glamorise her, despite the fact that she's absurdly gorgeous.
GOOD Su principal fortaleza es la conviccion con que Sandino Moreno lleva el peso de toda la pelicula (...)
GOOD it never quite goes where you expect it to, yet you're glued to the events all the way.
FAIR A strikingly personal story with realistic characters and a strong emotional core.
GOOD Whatever its flaws, Maria Full of Grace is a daunting debut work well worth catching.
GOOD Here the picture took me somewhere I'd never been.
GOOD The documentary-like detail and lack of sensationalism allows us to make our own judgments and to make connections between the drug trade and the legitimate business world.
GOOD What's remarkable about Marston's filmmaking is his ability to present scenes of shocking defilement without a hint of gratuitousness.
GOOD Marston's compact, personal film doesn't judge his Maria, it merely observes her, explains her and humanizes a dark corner of a dirty business.
GOOD Socially conscious character drama unencumbered by sensationalism.
FAIR The fact that [Moreno's] Maria is so believable, so compelling, rests entirely on what she brings to the part, not what the part brings to her. Her face is the kind that can carry a movie on the strength of sheer screen presence.
FAIR Shares the traditions of socially-conscious filmmaking of modern practitioners like Britain's Ken Loach, with an intelligent and nuanced treatment of a challenging issue.
GOOD A different kind of drug movie -- one that dives straight into the trenches.
FAIR For the most part, the film is done effectively, and there are some genuinely tense moments.
GOOD Moreno conveys much of Maria's plight - her frustration at her dead-end life, or her fast thinking when things go wrong in New York - with quick glances and minimal gestures.
GOOD [Marston] allows the extraordinary Moreno, also making her debut, to carry all the uncertainty, terror and pain on her own young, striking shoulders.
GOOD Catalina Sandino Moreno makes Maria into a character with whom we sympathize not because we feel sorry for her, but because we're charged by her steely determination
BAD Strangely unemotional and flat for a character journey, irritatingly at its worst when it should be its most moving...
FAIR Sad, sobering, tension-filled and disquieting.
GOOD Undeniably powerful.
GOOD Marston and Moreno make us stop and look, and to see Maria Alvarez as not just another face in the crowd but as an individual person, someone nice. Someone worth knowing.
GOOD A remarkable independent film that combines the power of first-rate drama with the reality you'd expect from an expert documentary.
GOOD With ... her command of the moment, (Moreno) could develop into an actress to watch in the future. One thing is certain. We can't take our eyes off her in this one.
GOOD Sensitive and lucid portrayal of innocence lost and dignity reclaimed.
GOOD You begin to wonder where reality ends and Arpaio's own world begins. (There doesn't seem to be a lot of overlap.)
GOOD Crowe's interpretation of this tortured genius is textured and complex.
GOOD A Beautiful Mind is the best film yet from director Howard.
FAIR Crowe is convincingly skittish and bounces enjoyably off Paul Bettany, while Jennifer Connelly earns her Oscar in the would-be thankless role of suffering wife. But this is as dishonest as Hollywood biography gets.
FAIR A Beautiful Mind reveals only glimpses of the dark story beneath its sunny imagery, but the performances carry enough weight for it to stand for something.
FAIR Tthe film's overweening desire to be taken seriously gets in the way of the story.
GOOD Cynics will hate it, but others will rightfully see it as a great cinematic accomplishment which is backed by excellent performances, great direction, a moving score and exquisite cinematography.
GOOD Oscar-winning biopic is too intense for tweens.
GOOD Crowe, Goldsman and Howard aren't trying to solicit love or tears for John Nash, as detractors bitterly claimed. "A Beautiful Mind" sought only acknowledgement of the silent, invisible and brave struggle that so many with mental illnesses endure each day.
GOOD I can't deny how solidly it's crafted, how well-acted, and, wonder of wonders, how intelligently written and directed.
GOOD I particularly enjoyed the fact that Nash comes across as quite fallible in the film despite his attempts at perfection. His character in the film is as unpredictable as I would expect the real Nash to be.
FAIR If this were fiction, it would be an example of superior storytelling, and it's certainly gripping.
BAD A pedestrian film with a rudimentary script that forces the actors to create believability where there might otherwise be none.
GOOD In every facet, it should have an automatic date with Oscar.
GOOD Crowe...disappears into the character just as he did when he played tobacco whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand in The Insider.
GOOD ... Crowe disappears into the role of John Nash and proves again that he is one of today's most versatile actors.
GOOD This film is a puzzlement in its inconsistency, especially coming from Ron Howard...Still, good performances abound.
FAIR 'As straightforward fiction, this is solid feelgood fare, but the fact that it's based on a real person, real success and failure opens it up to far greater scrutiny.'
GOOD The film shows the triumph and tragedy of life, as well as the beauty of the human spirit to overcome and survive.
BAD Both Nash and the audience deserve better.
FAIR Well-made film with some deservedly Oscar-nominated performances -- it takes some shocking liberties with its subject matter but remains engaging and enjoyable throughout.
GOOD Howard smashes through the conventions of the damaged-hero tale to recount the struggle of one man to stand upright on quaking ground.
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles. Actions, not ideas. And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics. Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela". Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events." It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
FAIR ...a hopelessly uneven endeavor that's consistently buoyed by Freeman's mere presence...
BAD The sadness created by this film could be cured only by its quick descent in well-deserved oblivion.
BAD sloppy, lazy, and unable to keep up with its own con.
BAD Don't let the big names fool you: The Code is limp enough a thriller to deserve the direct-to-video treatment it's received.
GOOD As a character study, There Will Be Blood is unsurpassed. Just don't expect to strike oil straight away.
GOOD Anderson's vision is uncompromising and razor sharp. Nothing in his first four features quite prepares us for the precision and vicious wit displayed here.
GOOD This is a film by Paul Thomas Anderson that has overshot the runway of movie modernity with something thrillingly, dangerously new.
FAIR It takes a talented person to make a great film, but it takes an even more talented one to know when to say enough is enough.
GOOD It's a biblical parable about America's failure to square religion and greed. But most of all it is a marvellously entertaining soap: a sort Dickens does Dallas, without the sex or swimming pools.
FAIR If Day-Lewis isn't front and center, the film drags with themes such as oil vs. religion, and greed is always around...
GOOD Anderson has truly made an old fashioned, great American movie. Not to be missed!!!
GOOD One helluva film; the best in Anderson's young career.
FAIR As a film about one man's obsessive egomania, There Will Be Blood does its job.
GOOD I just sat there in awe the entire two hours and thirty minutes of the film, just completely stunned as to what I was seeing.
GOOD ... when we look back at "There Will Be Blood" decades from now, we will probably be saying the sprawling epic about oil, family, faith, greed and deception is Anderson's crowning achievement. And that's saying a lot.
GOOD ena stoiheiotiko portraito tis skoteinis pleyras tis kynigioy tis epityhias, poy oso gigantonetai, metatrepetai sto teras tis aplistias, toso dynato poy katabrohthizei akomi kai toys pneymatikoys igetes poy tha eprepe na to katapolemisoyn
GOOD [I]t's a movie that people who love movies will discuss, argue over, and rewatch for years to come.
GOOD Featuring one of the most complex and interesting lead characters you will ever find in the movies, Paul Thomas Anderson's film marks a big step forward for the director.
BAD And the winner of the overrated Oscar front-runner award goes to...
GOOD The original Beverly Hillbillies, only sans the cement pond.
GOOD After years of achieving a Hollywood cult following, writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson hits the big time with his adaptation of Upton Sinclair's novel, "Oil."
GOOD There Will Be Blood is the sort of film you stumble out of, desperately searching for an adjective that is both descriptive enough to encompass your experience and distinctive enough to convey your stratosphere-bound senses.
GOOD Daniel Day Lewis' blistering, devilish performance is the greatest of his accomplished career, and director Paul Thomas Anderson has made a second masterpiece to go alongside Magnolia.
GOOD Una obra mayor sobre codicia y religion y el retrato de una personalidad oscura y fascinante, compuesta con maestria por Daniel Day-Lewis. Confirma la madurez de Paul Thomas Anderson, el notable director de Boogie Nights y Magnolia.
GOOD There has been plenty of critical pants-wetting about Paul Thomas Anderson's latest film, and I am an Anderson admirer to be sure %u2013 but beyond an acting nomination for Daniel Day Lewis, I just can't get on that train.
GOOD Anderson volta a exibir, em Sangue Negro, seu talento para o simbolismo e para opcoes narrativas intrigantes.
GOOD An intellectualized epic to make lovers of pure cinema swoon.
GOOD Whether you believe There Will Be Blood is a transcendently powerful movie or merely damn good, there's no debate that Day-Lewis' performance as Plainview is something to behold.
GOOD I know you're out there.You're waiting for the Academy Awards. And you're waiting to see the movies that have been nominated.
GOOD A towering, tour-de-force display in cinematic virtuosity; and an incredibly ambitious, deliberate stab at greatness by the director. Only time will tell if he's pulled it off.
GOOD Uncompromising, intelligent and searing cinema.
GOOD A Sergio Leone epic about the foundation of a specific aspect of the American character.
GOOD Powerful, brilliantly directed and thoroughly gripping drama with an Oscar-nominated performance by Daniel Day-Lewis that is nothing short of sensational.
GOOD Un evenement cinematographique d'une rare intensite dramatique
GOOD Hypnotic, poetic and often downright strange, the remarkable result is every bit as combustible as the black stuff itself.
GOOD Anderson's period piece evokes memories of East of Eden with its family conflicts, Elmer Gantry in its evangelical moments, and Days of Heaven in its epic visuals.
FAIR No one is the perfect, untouchable moralist... This is, in fact, the strongest truth behind the movie
GOOD It's the kind of quality film that could have been made at any point in film history or film future and still maintain its social, philosophical and emotional relevance.
FAIR Another strong, if lesser-known, depiction of the ruthless, cutthroat newspaper industry.
GOOD The Citizen Kane of B-movies, an absolute masterpiece born fully-formed from one very singular mind.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
GOOD While the script and the performances are simply dazzling, it is notable, too, for the screen debuts of Timothy Dalton and a combustible Anthony Hopkins.
GOOD O'Toole holds his own with the magnificent Hepburn in a witty, literate, and inventive script.
GOOD It's stagey and mannered, but it still feels sleek and modern.
GOOD Peter O'TOole and Katharine Hepburn are superb as the bickering, yet loving Henry II and his meddling wife Eleanor of Aquitaine.
GOOD One of the joys which movies provide too rarely is the opportunity to see a literate script handled intelligently. The Lion in Winter triumphs at that difficult task...
GOOD You'll either love or reject the idea of history as sitcom; either way, the lead performances are hard to deny.
BAD Boring and overrated. Good acting.
GOOD Theatrical and talky, but it's good talk by great performers.
GOOD The cast is truly in top form. Hepburn and O'Toole play off of each other beautifully.
GOOD Less historical spectacle than vicious farce, this boasts a great cast spitting venomous dialogue and a young Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as gay lovers destined to rule England and France.
BAD A film we could live without, inspired by an original that was anything but essential.
BAD Yields the dispiriting insight that Hollywood can't even make credible rabble-rousing junk any more.
FAIR This edition of Yard has a lighter feel than the original -- well, considering it's a movie about prison inmates.
BAD The new film keeps about 90% of the original story and even some of the original lines of dialogue, yet the changes it makes are all misguided.
FAIR Filme poco pretencioso que no busca otra cosa que no sea entretener. No pasara a la historia, pero por lo menos es mejor de lo que parece.
BAD The 'dumbing' down of popular media continues.
BAD If you're looking for a predictable, unoriginal, mediocre offering from the good folks over at Happy Madison, rent this puppy...
BAD Drama that's not dramatic enough and comedy that's not funny enough.
FAIR A worthy remake and companion piece to the Reynolds film.
BAD Never have I seen a movie so unashamedly aimed at demographics.
BAD Homophobia, sexism, racism, ageism and OJ-ism pound against genre clichA (C)s as weathered as Reynolds' skin, bludgeoning you into submission.
BAD Adam Sandler, of course, is no Burt Reynolds. But then neither is Burt Reynolds these days, judging by his performance as the team's crusty mentor.
BAD The film looks fine, but [Segal] never even tries to make something out of this thin material.
BAD Environmentalists will tell you that recycling is a good thing but the Adam Sandler vehicle The Longest Yard goes out of its way to prove otherwise.
BAD Three decades after the original, all the rough edges have been sanded off, and the film has been given the obvious, spoonfed approach of a Hollywood summer movie.
BAD I was never bored, but I wasn't necessarily entertained either. Mine was a sociological interest. What's going on?
BAD The violent nature of the penal system is presented in such a cartoonish fashion that when the movie suddenly veers into reality, it is an awkward transition.
BAD After a handful of McThis and McThat jokes, it becomes blatantly clear that we have a movie unwilling to take a single risk.
BAD Insult comedy can be uproarious in the right hands, but here it's merely witless.
BAD With a movie like this, only laughter can distract you from the pedestrian plot, and I didn't laugh nearly enough.
BAD Segal's version is no sports-film watershed, either, but it is consistently entertaining, athletically brutal, and, more often than not, well-acted.
FAIR Glossy where the original was gritty and raw, silly where the original was scabrous, cartoonish where the original was dangerous and threatening, it aims only to be a lark.
FAIR kicks goals...Whilst Reynolds' film played it a little 'rougher', it's no less exciting here - it just plays to a more comedic tune.
BAD What was an utterly original blending of popular genres in 1974 has been refashioned as an utterly unoriginal retread of genre cliches in 2005.
FAIR Average films don't improve with time. How 'bout we quit expecting them to.
BAD Segal paces this updated version of Aldrich's playful prison yarn with all the skill of an indecisive coach roaming the sidelines without a playbook to rely on for inspiration
BAD ...inexplicably faithful to its source: pandering, puzzling and downright idiotic.
FAIR '...when Reynolds appears on screen wearing his familiar #22 jersey (he was a football star at Florida State) you just know everything is right with the world.'
FAIR When Adam Sandler throws a long hilarious, no-brainer comedy of a pass into the end zone, you know we are going to be there to catch it.
BAD As humorless, lazy and oppressively inane as anything since any one of the witless car chase movies that derailed Burt Reynolds' career not long after the original wrapped.
BAD Reynolds and, to some degree, Chris Rock are the only reasons I can think of to see this film - and even their performances are cancelled out by 45 seconds of Rob Schneider.
FAIR Seemingly the perfectly macho end for the traditional Happy Madison format.
BAD There are occasional guffaws, but none of the jokes are more amusing (or farfetched) than the premise that Adam Sandler ever played in the National Football League.
GOOD The movie is clearly not interested in sugarcoating or sentimentalizing WWII, even though Clement has every opportunity to do so.
GOOD Perhaps not until Ponette in 1996 had another movie looked so closely at how death might be absorbed through the eyes of a small child.
GOOD It's difficult to fault a film that scrutinizes the veracity of childhood with such clarity.
GOOD powerful filmmaking in more ways than one, a story of innocence lost that you won't soon forget
GOOD Strange, compelling offbeat drama about a war orphan with a morbid fixation.
BAD There are simply too many ludicrous elements to ignore: Paulie's robot; Brigitte Nielsen, even less expressive than the robot; about a thousand music-video-styled montages; Lundgren's delivery of Drago's deadly dialogue; etc.
BAD Ridiculous jingoistic nonsense.
FAIR ...suffers from a vibe of superfluousness...
FAIR Fourth in series has lost most of punch
FAIR Proves once again that all the world loves an underdog.
BAD (No quote available.)
BAD Cold War metaphors delivered with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer dampens the storytelling.
BAD Even the hint of political power that Rocky garners by the end of this latest battle is made to seem like more of the same empty glory.
FAIR I know it's awful, but I can't look away!
BAD A camp classic, funny for all the wrong reasons.
BAD Should have stopped at three. Four, no more.
FAIR More action, and less plot let's makes Rocky's latest bout entertaining, but far from groundbreaking.
GOOD If you ask me, it's mostly about 1985, a time when you could fill 90 minutes with nothing but machismo, excitement and montage.
GOOD Fist-pumping, heart-jumping, chest-thumping fun.
BAD Even Sylvester Stallone seems to be getting tired of the series; as the writer and director, as well as the star, he puts himself through the same old paces.
FAIR While this derivative and shallow sequel might weaken the credibility of the series, there's no denying the satisfaction of watching a fight of such seemingly impossible odds.
FAIR Clever or crass, Volkan has created an interesting film. While not particularly entertaining, it is a shot in the arm compared to the typical A-to-B narratives to which we're accustomed.
FAIR One of those cleverly interconnected stories that links three to five essentially unrelated tales that take place over a single day.
BAD Dismal, cliche-ridden stuff.
BAD What could've been a fun '80s throwback ends up more frustrating that it's worth.
BAD Battle of the Year would rather use crowd-shot cutaways to convince you of the dancers' prowess than focusing on the stage.
BAD If director Werner Herzog can do it with 'Rescue Dawn' and 'Little Dieter Needs to Fly,' why can't director Benson Lee?
BAD In particular, as mentioned, the dance sequences are a mess, which is the kiss of death for a film in this genre.
BAD Battle of the Year is no Step Up 3D. But then, what is?
BAD Filled with fancy, if frenetic footwork but weighed down by all-too-familiar plot/characters/dialogue.
BAD Athletic dancing and a patriotic theme make this movie better than it should be.
BAD Introduce female choreographer. Explore misogyny for 15 seconds. Become uncomfortable with ideas. Disappear female choreographer.
BAD After months of patient waiting, 2013 has finally produced a movie that's so bad it's good.
BAD Eschewing shaded characterization and often basic sense, while establishing what should be the high-water mark for most crotch-grabbing in a single film in 2013.
BAD There's not nearly enough quality material to make Battle of the Year recommendable to anyone other than the most hard-core of dance fanatics.
BAD The bar for urban-flavoured dance movies has already been set pretty low, but Battle Of The Year effortlessly leans back and limbos on below it.
BAD Passable drama has great dancers but no originality.
BAD A dead-in-the-soul cash grab of a movie set in the competitive world of B-boy dancing that thinks cliches, phony melodrama and product placement can substitute for real storytelling and actual characters.
BAD The movie's inability to showcase its greatest asset, the grace and control of its dancers, is its most conspicuous failing.
BAD The 3-D is a pain, and the excitable editing, slo-mo and speeded-up action frustrate attempts to watch the athleticism on display ...
BAD A film steeped in the streetwise hip-hop culture should have an edge, but Battle of the Year is safer and softer than Drake's last album.
BAD The miracle of the new 3-D dance film "Battle of the Year" is how it can be so relentlessly boring while there is so much frenetic activity on screen.
BAD The raison d'etre of popping-and-locking scenes is trumped by tired team-building bathos, whose flagrancy is anything but conducive to spreading the film's hug-it-out bro-love.
BAD The story is a derivative quilt, patching together cliches from every sports movie since 1976.
BAD This 3-D spectacle is less the dance movie that's going to make b-boying cool again than a shill for sponsors' gear.
BAD At the risk of sounding 100, I think it's regrettable this film had to be shot in digital 3-D.
BAD A frenetic mess that makes Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloolook like a Fellini film.
BAD Battle of the Year is too inept to make this tired premise sing.
BAD If you can get past the mountain of cliches and poor acting and hackneyed story lines and the fact that someone let Chris Brown be in a movie, "Battle of the Year" is actually ... still pretty awful.
BAD Chris Brown gets punched in the face, so it's not a total wash.
BAD so familiar that you half expect Julia Stiles and Channing Tatum to show up and start hoofing
BAD Everything about Benson Lee's predictable dance flick "Battle of the Year" strikes me as old.
BAD It isn't good by any stretch of the imagination, but B-movie lovers who like their dance movies flashy, fun, and spectacularly dumb shouldn't mind.
BAD Battle of the Year crams so many cliches into its 109 minutes that you just know it will end with a sports movie freeze-frame. And it does!
FAIR It's undeniable that the good-natured "Afterschool Special" vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round.
BAD Not badly executed, but not the least bit original either.
BAD Remarkably, the highlight of Benson Lee's film, essentially a fiction reboot of his Planet B-Boy, isn't the scene where Chris Brown gets punched in the face.
FAIR Gives us something to think about: How much of what we consider civilization -- intellectual pursuit, politics, nationalism -- relies on language?
FAIR Anni is a feisty little thing and you can't help but root for her when she challenges these two burly soldiers and gets out of the relationship exactly what she wants.
BAD A pretty good film -- a dark comedy rigorously observed -- until Rogozhkin reveals himself to be just another New Age softie.
GOOD A consistently hilarious collision of cultures and a string of misunderstandings.
FAIR A mystical fairy tale by Alexander Rogozhkin as beautiful as it is tender.
FAIR Quietly engrossing.
FAIR Rogozhkin makes nearly all of his points with surprising subtlety.
FAIR A winning piece of folk art from an isolated way of life, worth a look for those who want to see the world in all its quirky and earthy forms.
GOOD This is an engrossing film with an oddly satisfying ending of genuine pathos.
FAIR Rogozhkin's unusual film has the audacity to consider those which uplift the human spirit, as well as those that erode it.
FAIR A well-acted, mildly arresting antiwar allegory.
GOOD It's an unabashed pacifist movie that really works, emotionally and dramatically.
GOOD An incredibly brilliant piece of minimalist drama.
GOOD Beautifully acted, a pleasure to watch.
GOOD Demonstrates how little communication has to do with language. And isn't that what the greatest films show us?
FAIR If the film has a weakness, it's that it's slow. Often ponderously slow, as it chugs along with the velocity of an oil slick moving through an ice floe
FAIR A tiny jewel of a film.
FAIR An odd but very enjoyable combination of austere drama, mystical parable and saucy comedy.
FAIR Rogozhin's finely observed character studies and his cast's capable acting ... make The Cuckoo a thoughtful film more about love than war.
BAD The movie lost me in an extended dream sequence, set in the afterlife.
FAIR The small love triangle that develops contains all the human passions of love, sex, jealousy, joy and yearning, and that is a vast canvas indeed.
FAIR The primal, almost mystical, beauty of Anni's lakeside hut, surrounded by the forest and mountains, goes a long way toward sustaining the viewer in the movie's quieter moments.
FAIR A beautifully shot, modest little fable about the misunderstandings between people.
BAD The threesome's decision to keep talking to one another is a tad preposterous, playing most profitably to our "Three's Company"-whetted appetite for malapropisms.
GOOD Humanistic without being preachy or blinded by optimism about human nature.
FAIR The Russians are still burying World War II, which seems to have been almost a bigger event for them than communism. One of the interesting burial details is The Cuckoo.
FAIR [A] charmingly slender fable about love, language, sex, and enmity -- and saunas.
FAIR Thoughtful, well-acted comedy.
FAIR Cuckoo is best described as arthouse-lite.
BAD What begins as a gripping adventure, thrillingly told with virtually no dialogue, eventually becomes a rather routine parable despite the unique setting and circumstances.
BAD It has serious themes, long, wordless scenes and poetic symbolism, but all that complexity leads to a surprisingly simplistic conclusion.
GOOD Once you give into this film's odd logic, its humor and charm will win you over.
GOOD Tender, often a bit confusing in its history, but a powerful statement about war as a massive misunderstanding.
FAIR Mr. Rogozhkin maintains a good sense of blood, dirt and sweat, human elements mingled together to keep the action rooted in some degree of reality.
FAIR Lords of Dogtown is an interesting look at the start of an ever increasingly more popular part of American youth culture, but often settles for surface gloss instead of introspection.
GOOD You don't have to care much about skateboarding (I really don't) to find the movie exhilarating and engaging.
BAD ...a thoroughly dull piece of work.
GOOD The three leads are superb, with Hirsch probably the stand-out - he and Rasuk do particularly well to suggest more than the script's rather one-note characterisation allows.
FAIR Despite the usual difficulty of people scripting their own stories, the film has an energetic fighting spirit.
FAIR Directed with skill and assuredness by Catherine Hardwicke.
GOOD A celebratory experience, paying homage to those who, out of a lack of anything better to do,...created an outright phenomenon.
FAIR You don't need to know a grind from an ollie to appreciate "The Lords of Dogtown," the story of the birth of modern skateboarding culture.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, high energy, rock n' rock blast!
FAIR part celebration of 1970s Southern California punk culture, part rise-and-fall social drama, and part cautionary tale about the perils of youth and success
BAD The movie rarely conveys the import of what these kids accomplished: As depicted here, their cultural revolution seems no more noteworthy than a day spent at the mall.
BAD a meandering trip down memory lane punctuated with some really nice skateboarding sequences.
FAIR There's great authenticity in the picture thanks to Catherine Hardwicke's atmospheric direction and Stacy Peralta's first-hand account of the era.
BAD The movie failed, on every level, to answer the one key question: Why should I care about these boys?
BAD Major plot lines may begin, develop and end, changing characters' lives forever, while you are in the bathroom.
GOOD [I]t vibrates with a bouncing-off-the-walls energy that sucks you right into the action.
BAD To call this movie a dog would be to insult my friends of the canine persuasion, so I will just say it stinks
BAD One of the flaws of Paralta's script is that he wants us to feel SORRY for those poor kids who made all that money. Awwwwwwwww....
FAIR Knoxville's arrival marks the end of Dogtown as a free-flowing lark and the beginning of the film's over-determined and predictable "rise-and-fall" story arcs.
GOOD Lots of fun for its target audience; skaters both old school and new, and high schoolers.
FAIR It's hard to think of a movie since 1950's Sunset Boulevard that has gotten more dramatic impact out of a pool.
BAD This dramatization does nothing Peralta's documentary didn't do better. And why opt for the imitation when the real deal is still out there for the viewing?
BAD Lords of Dogtown is nothing more than a steaming pile of dog crap.
BAD For someone who was there, not to mention someone who created Dogtown and Z-Boys, Peralta has crafted a script so superficial and simplistic it feels like it was tapped out by a 14-year-old fan.
FAIR It's a thrashing good time.
FAIR A strong companion to Dogtown and Z-Boys.
GOOD A tightly coiled rage seethes beneath the pretty surface of American Beauty, a wickedly funny black comedy directed by newcomer Sam Mendes.
GOOD The writing is acidically amusing without ever trying to conceal the loneliness at the heart, the direction a perfect frame for the characters and the wonderful performances that create them.
GOOD Kevin Spacey is the greatest actor of his generation, hands down, no contest.
GOOD The film is stunningly poignant, and when first time cinema director Mendes turns his hands to the serious aspects of the disintegration of human souls, the funny lurches to the profound with hardly a flicker of disruption.
GOOD With its parade of neurotics, psychotics, bigots and deceivers, American Beauty is an endlessly rewatchable black comedy.
GOOD A truly beautiful, poignant and brilliantly funny film, it doesn't get much better than this.
GOOD Alan Ball's script is a terrific piece of material, and Mendes responds directly to its subversive, provocative vision of a curdled American Dream.
FAIR Disturbing, bleak, thought-provoking.
GOOD Beauty is never less than fascinating and always visually stunning.
GOOD British theatre director Sam Mendes made an astonishing film debut with this sublime black comedy about midlife crises.
GOOD In their scathing portrayal of middle-class anxiety, screenwriter Alan Ball and director Sam Mendes create an average Joe determined to unearth the carefully buried truths of his life.
GOOD American Beauty is a profoundly satisfying piece of cinema which works its way inside you, grabs hold of your heart and simply refuses to let go.
GOOD American Beauty was a deserving best picture and Lester's rich existential journey and social commentary of modern America peels away the inauthentic and superficial to reveal the epic allure in a bleak suburbia.
BAD Cripplingly broad, with network-sitcom beats dressed in R-rated threads... [endorses] a particularly adolescent male point of view.
GOOD Powerful acting, great story, but far too mature for kids.
GOOD The flaws that exist in American Beauty are effortlessly overcome by a cast that blossoms. Spacey in particular exhibits a rare wit and gravitas with Lester's weary frowns and cutting smirks, proving his mettle in this career peak performance.
FAIR It's daring in that it sympathizes with a protagonist who's a pederast though its portrait of an American family on the brink of collapse is essentially a cartoon
GOOD An elusive and allusive work of art that won't be pinned down easily.
GOOD Recently, Happiness and Election have taken pot shots at suburban morals and ethics, but none has hit so close to the bone and so on-target as American Beauty.
BAD It's like Norman Bates getting good advice from Mother.
GOOD An incisive if over-the-top take on familial dysfunction.
GOOD Above all, "American Beauty" is about finding peace and a sense of wonder in the least likely of places, such as your inner torment or, failing that, perhaps a floating plastic bag.
GOOD Dark, intelligent, scandalous, emotional, and truthful -- one of the year's best.
BAD As the world changed in the past five years, so did the relevance of American Beauty.
GOOD Like Network in the 1970s and Ordinary People in the '80s, American Beauty is a scathing reflection of contemporary American life.
GOOD Spacey's style and delivery save the film time after time.
BAD click to read review
BAD Coming from a guy who just won an Oscar for screenwriting? One has the right to expect something a little less rote, redundant, and oppressively familiar as 10th & Wolf.
FAIR A rather conventional plot is invigorated by intense lead performances from Marsden, Renfro and Ribisi, whose Joey is continually ready to explode in fierce anger, as well as a very good supporting cast, particularly Dennehy and Lesley Anne Warren.
FAIR This works both as an action film and Greek tragedy.
FAIR The narrative is cluttered with backstory -- and the endless digressions overwhelm the efforts of a generally strong cast that includes cameos by Val Kilmer and by Ligati as one of Reggio's foot soldiers.
FAIR There's so little satisfaction to be had from the derivative set pieces and predictable plot twists that, mostly, you just want it to be over.
BAD Bobby Moresco, who cowrote Crash and coproduced Million Dollar Baby, makes an undistinguished directing debut, assembling a band of actors who know but two modes: simmering rage and over-the-top histrionics.
BAD A mix of the first half of Donnie Brasco, the last 20 minutes of A History of Violence and a couple of episodes of I Love the'90s.
BAD The movie doesn't miss a cliche, ineptly lifting liberally from The Godfather and GoodFellas, among other classics.
BAD At this late date, filmmakers who draw inspiration from the Mafia had better have a whole new angle to offer. Otherwise, they'll end up with a movie like 10th & Wolf.
BAD Those looking for violence and bad Italian stereotypes won't be bothered by the fact that they've seen almost all of this before.
BAD A grisly gangster movie with moral pretensions, 10th and Wolf never transcends mobster cliches recycled from The Godfather, Donnie Brasco and GoodFellas.
BAD A listless Godfather-meets-Donnie Brasco tale of undercover surveillance, blood allegiances, and wrenching betrayal.
GOOD So much more than a football movie.
FAIR What Friday Night Lights offers is the perspective that, for the people and young players caught up in this whirlwind, football simultaneously means everything and ultimately nothing.
BAD Friday Night Lights is a feel-good movie, but it's not real. It's a hard-hitting Hallmark greeting card. It's no wonder it appealed to Larry King %u2014 it's safe, easy, conventional, and feigns incisiveness.
FAIR The script spends at least as much time exploring the psychologies of the young players and the problems they face at home as it does rallying the audience behind their efforts on the field.
FAIR While the atmosphere is excellent, and the general elements all strong, the film sadly fails to give any real insight or depth in regards to explaining the hows and whys of the near fever over the game and its players.
GOOD You'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it's worth the ride. One of the best sports movies ever.
BAD The movie's principles are seriously out of whack, even as it angles toward a Big Life Lesson about learning to live with falling short of greatness.
GOOD The best sports movie for years, as it's not about sport at all. Forget fears of jingoistic grandstanding, this is an un-American all-American tale that deserves attention.
FAIR a good film, but it is preaching to the converted
GOOD Friday Night Lights is a film about football, but it shares more in common with films from the horror genre than with its predecessors.
FAIR A Friday night movie if ever there was one.
GOOD Thornton anchors the film with his understated but no less effective performance but the stand-out is Derek Luke (Antwone Fisher) - the scene where he finally realises that his football career is over is truly heartbreaking to watch.
BAD Its script is pure corn, drenched in syrupy sentiment and topped with prize ham in the shape of Billy Bob Thornton's tub-thumping coach.
FAIR There's nothing particularly universal or relevant about this place- and sport-specific ode to American football. Although it's a gripping and watchable true story.
GOOD This is the rousing football movie Any Given Sunday failed to be.
GOOD My favorite film of 2004.
FAIR Might very well be doomed to comparison solely with other sports movies. But at least within that realm it looks pretty darn good.
FAIR The film, just like the sports battles, allows spectators to get caught up in the excitement and become intoxicated on the glare of the blinding stadium lights.
GOOD the film really lives out the metaphor realistically, just like Life
FAIR might have been a truly great deconstruction of the secular religion of football had it not come dangerously close to buying into the very myth it is trying to dismantle
FAIR When did director Peter Berg become Mr. Reliable?
GOOD Expertly infuses humanity into the unforgiving, obsessive world of high school football.
FAIR Friday Night Lights can be seen as Hoosiers in shoulder pads, especially in the emotional connection between the townspeople and the team.
FAIR Friday Night Lights is a movie that gets the gridiron action exactly right, but does not dig deeply enough into the lives of the players off the field.
FAIR But all in all, this is a movie for football fans... if you don't like the sport, then you might as well forget it and try something more to your tastes.
FAIR A solid football movie.
FAIR Viewers will be able to read into the do-or-die philosophy whatever they choose, and in the meantime simply enjoy this big-screen ode to the madness.
FAIR Bland pop Americana.
FAIR Unusually well drawn characters and the empathy its creators have for them are just two of the things that distinguish Peter (Very Bad Things) Berg's latest from most sports movies.
GOOD [Made] with a skill and grace that lifts the material up; all of the actors, and everyone involved in the film's production, came together and made something special.
GOOD Despite minor bugaboos, the film works because each play and conversation is filled with a nervy feeling of how fate could turn on its characters at any moment.
GOOD This West Texas football saga is a real, wrenching look at players, fans and the game that's much more than a game.
FAIR The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't find in many movies nowadays.
BAD May be the supreme example of a filmic endeavor succeeding exclusively for one cinematic aspect.
FAIR Knocked my socks off, and I was cursing myself for not seeing it sooner.
FAIR Skittishly directed and haphazardly written, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a bundle of old action movie chestnuts brought briefly to life only by Jaa's presence.
GOOD I haven't been this thrilled by a new star since I saw my first Jackie Chan movie.
GOOD Jaa combines speed, strength, and fluidity in a convincing bid to turn wire stunts into yesterday's fad and return simple physical prowess to the forefront.
GOOD Suddenly The Matrix looks about as relevant as VHS tapes.
GOOD Ficarei muito espantando caso o fantastico Tony Jaa nao se torne um astro internacional do genero acao/artes marciais.
FAIR It's too soon to tell if Tony Jaa has the the ability to sustain an interesting career, but he's off to a hell of a start, regardless.
GOOD Jaa emerges as a worthy successor to Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li, dispensing brutality that has never looked so perversely beautiful.
FAIR Has an authentic tone that makes its simplistic quest-for-redemption storyline surprisingly engaging.
GOOD About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy. But Pinkaew isn't blowing smoke: this is the real deal.
FAIR Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies. This guy is the real deal.
FAIR Its plot is pretty much standard-issue. But the action is spectacular enough to allow the audience to overlook that problem.
GOOD Get a load of this guy, the way he leaps over cars, slides under SUVs. Experience the man bringing the pain and unleashing wrath. Gaze with wide eyes at his jackhammer fists.
BAD Tony Jaa doesn't possess the authority of Lee, the charisma of Chan or the intensity of Li, though he does project the same sleepy-eyed blandness as Van Damme.
FAIR Jaa lives up to the hype.
FAIR Ong Bak is not very good -- but Hollywood suits would be nuts not to give Jaa a role in every action flick they make from now on.
BAD Jaa's moves are impressive, but the choreography ranges from bland to ridiculous (as when one dirty fighter resorts to using major appliances as weapons).
FAIR No prizes will be awarded to anyone who guesses that Ting beats all assailants and recovers the artifact. What you might not anticipate is how viscerally exciting director Prachya Pinkaew makes the action scenes.
FAIR Ong-Bak's only agenda is kicking butt, and it does that pretty well.
FAIR All the creatively-staged and -choreographed, knees-'n-elbows Muay Thai mayhem one buys the ticket to see.
GOOD You'll leave the theater bruised and battered, but you'll be happy about it.
FAIR ...thoroughly robust within its own skin. Visually involving and vibrantly executed, fight fans will definitely get a rousing kick out of Ong-Bak
FAIR More than anything, the filmmakers want to impress on you the wonders of Jaa's physical presence
FAIR A viscerally entertaining slice of Thai filmmaking that will leave you grinning ear to ear.
FAIR [I]f you want to get in on the ground floor of a potential action film star, here's your chance.
FAIR A knockout of a martial arts movie -- and an elbow to the head. And two knees to the back and a roundhouse kick to the ear for good measure.
FAIR If you combined the genes of Chan and Bruce Lee with a dash of Buster Keaton, the result might resemble Jaa.
BAD For every moment that inspires vocal awe, there are two or three moments that produce groans.
FAIR Jaa is not just a martial arts phenomenon but young, photogenic and charismatic.
FAIR You can rightly say that Jaa has yet to establish much of a character, but give him a chance.
FAIR As much as I admire the work of both Polanski and Nicholson, I found Chinatown tedious from beginning to just before the end.
GOOD Polanski's telling of his tale of corruption in LA is masterly - thrilling, humorous and disturbing at the same time - and brilliantly played by John Huston and Faye Dunaway as well as Nicholson.
GOOD See this film as many times as you can. Please.
GOOD Unmissable.
GOOD Trust Polanski to make disillusionment seductive - rather more luxuriantly so than Billy Wilder ever managed.
GOOD Unforgettable.
GOOD A neo-noir classic.
GOOD one of the great masterworks of '70s American cinema and an apex of the decade's obsession with genre revisionism
GOOD Intrigue and suspense are the order of the day, and nothing is as it appears. Inscrutable, to be sure, and a wonderfully entertaining motion picture.
GOOD Great hardboiled detective film. Not for kids.
GOOD Jack Nicholson gives one of his best performances as Jake Gittes, possessing an old school charm that none of his peers can match.
GOOD A landmark blend of acting, directing, structure and design. Chinatown is the greatest detective movie ever made.
GOOD The greatest film of 1970s cinema's golden era (that wasn't made by Martin Scorsese).
GOOD This is a never-bettered noir masterpiece.
GOOD Is Chinatown the best private eye film ever? It may well be. Nearing its thirty-fifth anniversary, it deserves a reconsideration and a celebration.
GOOD Beyond all the "masterpiece" rhetoric, this is actually a great movie.
GOOD The exhaustive, labyrinthine narrative is built up like a fortress around this film's bitter heart.
GOOD A film that truly defines the term classic.
GOOD The hard-boiled private eye coolly strolls a few steps ahead of the audience.
GOOD Brilliant filmmaking. Polanski's direction of Robert Towne's script makes a masterpiece.
GOOD Superbly crafted Polanski.
GOOD One of those rare films where it's difficult to find flaws even if you're looking for them.
GOOD Arguably Hollywood's finest noir thriller.
GOOD A modern classic that stays true to private eye-movie conventions while digging way, way, deep underneath them.
GOOD classic noir
GOOD A new private-eye melodrama that celebrates not only a time and a place (Los Angeles) but also a kind of criminality that to us jaded souls today appears to be nothing worse than an eccentric form of legitimate private enterprise.
GOOD Chinatown incorporated themes from two eras, but the result is a film for the ages.
GOOD It takes a Herculean effort to transform this type into a character and to replace the formula with a story, and Chinatown's success in both of these regards is one of the reasons it is universally viewed as a classic.
GOOD You've got to love a film that trusts its audience's intelligence as much as Chinatown does.
GOOD Not only one of the greatest detective films, but one of the most perfectly constructed of all films.
GOOD It has an involved plot, interesting characters, steely direction, and on-the-mark acting.
GOOD Amounts to an amazing achievement of cinematic storytelling.
GOOD [Nicholson's] performance is key in keeping Chinatown from becoming just a genre crime picture--that, and a Robert Towne screenplay that evokes an older Los Angeles.
GOOD As in any fable, there are spires, towers and moats, and it's a spellbinding saga - a macabre dance choreographed by its romance's throbbing heart. Mathilde and Manech's love left its mark in many places, so why not the grungiest and war-torn?
FAIR a successful genre combination of a war film, period romance, detective story and black comedy
GOOD Jean-Pierre Jeunet represents that select group of filmmakers who treat special effects as their own art.
FAIR A Very Long Engagement is every bit the fantasy, the fairy tale, that Amelie was, yet we are expected to take it seriously. I couldn't.
BAD ...light entertainment, but offers only a shallow insight into war.
GOOD As lovely to look at it as it is heart-wrenching, "A Very Long Engagement" is one of the best films of 2004.
FAIR (...) Una pelicula vistoza, llamativa, en muchos aspectos sorprendente, pero que no deja de sonar a figurita repetida, a cosa ya vista.
GOOD This is one of the finest films -- foreign or otherwise -- to come along in years.
FAIR Entirely deserving of its unofficial subtitle 'Amelie Goes To War', this is a well-made, frequently enjoyable drama, although the whimsical direction often seems inappropriate for the darkness of the material.
BAD one very imaginative boring movie
FAIR A harrowing account of why the French ARE NOT p*****s
GOOD A movie where you know at once that it will still be watched 60 or 70 years down the road, and that it will lose none of its power or charm in the intervening years
GOOD One of those rare gems that don't come along too often.
FAIR For all their magical and mystical moments, Jeunet's films are suffocatingly literal; his ever-mobile camera leaves no empty spaces for the viewer's imagination to inhabit.
FAIR A different kind of epic, with a light touch and an offbeat attitude that strip the story of much of its gravitas and instead replace it with a freewheeling flippancy.
BAD Think of the strange mixture of Amelie and All Quiet on the Western Front and you have a disjointed, muted - and yes, quirky - World War I epic.
GOOD A mature, yet original, work that is powerful emotionally, intellectually and visually.
FAIR It's a beautiful accomplishment, even if it's not the triumph that Amelie is.
GOOD Sweeping, sentimental, suspenseful epic World War I tale
GOOD The film is near perfect in its attempt to properly mix the irrationality of war in with an interesting love story.
GOOD The director and star of Amelie (Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Audrey Tautou) reunite for this grimmer, grimier, but no less magnificent moviegoing experience.
FAIR Visual adept, but long and tedious
GOOD The first 20 minutes ... feel like a snuff film made with a James Ivory sensibility.
GOOD In the rough magic of A Very Long Engagement, even the strangest events seem perfectly logical and emotionally true.
FAIR When Jeunet attempts to achieve dramatic heft, with no commensurate change in style, he falls distressingly short.
FAIR A very entertaining film, full of warm moments and mellifluous charm, almost enough to make you wonder what that pesky war is doing in there anyway.
GOOD War, it says, is what separates love from hate, life from death and the beautiful from the ugly -- and Jeunet's film says it with great invention and artistry.
GOOD A poignant and powerful story of passion and persistence, easily among the best films of 2004.
GOOD Tautou, as always, makes this an enchanting trip.
FAIR The ideas and images Engagement uses to express itself indirectly are deeply felt.
FAIR There's only so much candy the eye can consume before nausea sets in.
GOOD While A Very Long Engagement lacks Amelie's impish charm, it gives Jeunet even more emotional colors to play with. And his handling of the film's technical aspects is little short of staggering.
BAD The comic-dramatic divide of A Very Long Engagement is difficult to traverse, much less conquer. It's simply hard to be charmed with all those corpses scattered about.
GOOD If you are among those feeling starved for an epic romance, this engaging, touching, drama-comedy- mystery fills the bill.
GOOD The sharp, if expletive-ridden, dialogue in Oliver Stone's script and the vivid cinematography of John A Alonzo help make De Palma's urban shocker a modern-day classic.
GOOD One fundamentally dishonest character choice launched a billion-dollar industry. But it hardly sours a film that became a garishly ghoulish, bleakly funny and compulsively watchable template for modern-criminal deconstructions of the American Dream.
FAIR one of Brian DePalma's best films
FAIR ...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...
GOOD One of the best gangster dramas ever made, driven by Pacino's haunting performance and De Palma's lightning pace.
GOOD the very definition of excess, which is perhaps why it has persisted so long as a cultural totem: Its florid pleasures can never be exhausted
GOOD Extremely violent '80s crime classic with drugs, sex, etc.
GOOD Still a must-see for Pacino's potent and influential performance.
GOOD Scarface has become a touchstone of pop culture, one of the half dozen or so most frequently referenced films of our era.
GOOD This almost Jacobean tale of drug gangsters in 1980s Miami is rather too long for the points it makes, but is nevertheless riveting and still, after 26 years, remarkably fresh.
GOOD Pacino's drug-crazed, bloodshot performance gives this gangster movie a terrifying edge.
FAIR [Pacino's] grandstanding performance is still hard to resist and symbolises the baroque excess of this shockingly violent gangster classic.
FAIR As overrated as it is overlong.
GOOD To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.
FAIR Viewed today, while Scarface seems less shocking than it did during its initial theatrical run, it's no more substantive or interesting.
GOOD Pacino, of course, goes way over the top and through the floor on the other side.
GOOD Although the film depicts a nightmarish world, it's also very funny.
FAIR An unashamed study of selfish, sadistic criminality, and all the better for it.
BAD Ugly and overrated
GOOD Any list of classic guy movies would be incomplete without an appearance from Brian De Palma's Scarface.
FAIR Stylish ultra violence = one popular film for many, sad to say.
GOOD The most frantic and assured film of Brian De Palma's impressive career.
FAIR To be honest, Scarface isn't exactly what you could call a 'good' movie. It's overwritten, overacted and overdirected (not to mention overlong). And yet, against the odds, it still works.
GOOD Pacino, em mais um de seus grandes momentos, transforma Montana em um icone do genero e da decada de 80, conduzindo um filme que seria fartamente copiado nos anos seguintes.
FAIR As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.
GOOD What were Pacino's detractors hoping for? Something internal and realistic? Low key? The Tony Montana character is above all a performance artist, a man who exists in order to gloriously be himself.
BAD DePalma loves blood and guts-nothing wrong with that!
FAIR Subtle it ain't, but just try turning your eyes away from this study in stylistic excess.
FAIR A coked-up version of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II without a family to feel sympathy for.
FAIR At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth
GOOD An undeniably effective, visceral experience.
GOOD The definitive modern gangster movie. Pacino's powerhouse role. Meet my little friend!
GOOD Most movies about troubled individuals are insulting in the way in which they suddenly wrap things up with insipid developments that cause tumultuous, positive transformations in the protagonist; this film avoids that pitfall.
GOOD The film succeeds not because of an overall arc, but as a chain of smaller moments that glimmer in their minuscule perfection.
GOOD Uno sale del cine y se da cuenta de por que la pelicula recibio tanta atencion.
FAIR A charming, entertaining and uplifting movie with the title that perfectly fits its quality.
GOOD Though the movie tells a straightforward story, there are enough offbeat touches along the way to balance out its more predictable aspects.
GOOD Reality of story combines with reality of performance to give us some of the most heartfelt emotions currently on the big screen.
FAIR Good Will Hunting is another auspicious sign that the best of Young Hollywood is not only bringing back respect for the craft of acting, but for the cogent telling of tales as well.
GOOD Damon ain't crazy talented like Vincent Gallo, but he's still more than a pretty face.
GOOD E realmente impressionante que dois jovens como Matt Damon e Ben Affleck tenham sido capazes de escrever um roteiro tao complexo quanto o de 'Genio Indomavel'.
GOOD Touching, without being sentimental, and feelgood without appearing contrived, this is one shrink-wrapped drama that's worth unpacking.
FAIR The joy of watching the characters come out of their protective shells is worth the bumps along the way.
FAIR While the charismatic performances of Damon and Affleck make "Good Will Hunting" a difficult entertainment to resist, doing just that is not as hard as the film would like to think.
GOOD Reaffirms the arrival of the star, Matt Damon (who also co-wrote the script), as the hottest young star in Hollywood.
GOOD This performance by Matt Damon is brilliant, and even when Will is as unlikeable as he could possibly be, we stick with him, because we care.
GOOD This is the sort of honest and moving story that Hollywood doesn't put out much anymore.
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this story, written by its appealing two stars, of a brilliant young man with a troubled past.
FAIR ...a pretty remarkable film...
GOOD It is the touchy-feely enterprise its plot synopsis suggests, but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords Affleck and Damon's intelligent script touches.
FAIR Both believably brilliant and convincingly rough around the edges, Damon avoids the too-common actor's trap of white-washing his character's dark side.
BAD All told, the film has plenty of enjoyable moments, but it's just not the deep experience the filmmakers want you to believe it is.
GOOD At the core of Good Will Hunting is vivid, succulent dialogue that is emotionally naked, yet remarkably pedestrian at the same time.
GOOD [A] very good film.
GOOD ... an engrossing, emotional roller coaster with peaks and valleys of perceptive wit, unsettling anger, coarse humor, and touching affection.
GOOD Good Will Hunting may well be the Rocky story of the 90s.
GOOD Good Will Hunting is a confident film with great performances and an authentic look, sound and feel.
GOOD The Damon-Affleck script is jammed with good ideas, strong dialogue and vigorous characters...
FAIR An impressive scripting debut for actors Matt Damon and Ben Affleck...
FAIR The outcome of the movie is fairly predictable; so is the whole story, really. It's the individual moments, not the payoff, that make it so effective.
FAIR ...a worthwhile sample of entertainment.
GOOD A good movie allows its characters to learn and grow. It doesn't just happen; it takes a good script, good acting, and good direction. Good Will Hunting has all three.
FAIR Pacino seeks his pound of flesh as a tragic outsider.
FAIR The text is wonderful, Radford's film has some fine performances from Jeremy Irons and Joseph Fiennes, and he makes good use of Venice locations.
FAIR It is really a pleasure to watch a masterful actor like Al Pacino wring every nuance out of the multifarious character of Shylock.
GOOD Pacino shapes the role masterfully. He not only rises to the role's extremes of villainous melodrama, he fills them, rendering them both theatrical and believable
FAIR It veers from real conviction to panto, but Radford is clearly committed to the play's relevance, while Pacino, the Shakespeare addict, is a joy to watch.
GOOD Manages to be a gripping and intriguing film.
GOOD The screenplay is lean and powerful and the direction deft.
GOOD Finally, a filmatic spectacle worthy of the Scribe...
BAD This rendition is hardly a freshman course.
BAD Merchant of Venice is such a blatantly anti-Semitic work that a modernization seems imprudent.
GOOD Radford preserves the mechanics of the plot, but also offers us heroes who are as flawed as the nominal villain, if not more so
GOOD Radford's adaptation admirably captures the inherent and troubling contradictions of the play, and turns them into great, thought-provoking drama.
GOOD Radford has rendered off the comedy to find the dramatic skeleton underneath. It is an approach that works stunningly well and is perhaps the only way the play can now be done.
FAIR As much fun as it is to see Pacino chew some Shakespearean scenery, both the role and the movie could have used a more likable actor.
FAIR Pacino's performance doesn't reconcile the contradictions of The Merchant of Venice, but it goes far in revealing them.
FAIR The experiment mostly succeeds.
GOOD Pacino makes a memorable Shylock, filled with painful humanity, rage and insecurity.
GOOD A vivid, engrossing and defensible Shakespeare adaptation, a period piece that truly has a feel for a time long past -- and a place and attitude that are not.
GOOD The filmmaker succeeds mightily in imbuing potentially dangerous material with enlightened ambiguity.
GOOD Radford has managed to find and nurture the story's deeper, universally heartbreaking themes.
FAIR Radford remains fairly reverent toward the text and the intent.
FAIR The opening disclaimer suggests that 'intolerance of the Jews' is something the world has outgrown, rather than an attitude that continues to be exploited...
GOOD Pacino, bearded and digging deep within his talent, almost shrinks into human nothingness under the weight of hate. It may be his finest performance.
GOOD The film is a work of clarity and urgency and a welcome and overdue addition to the Bard's film canon.
FAIR Radford's gloomy film is a long and slightly draining haul, but the intensity of Al Pacino's central performance justifies the effort required.
FAIR As evidenced by this film, in capable hands, Shylock is a unique amalgam of flaws still worthy of rendition.
GOOD Ranks as one of the most powerful recent adaptations of the bard's work.
GOOD Balanced, beguiling -- even funny.
BAD This tragicomic classic isn't effective either as a comedy or a tragedy.
FAIR The give-and-take between the two veterans [Pacino and Irons] is a delight to witness.
GOOD It takes a particularly weird kind of sincerity to end a movie that has been for its entire running time an exploration of surfaces... with its most sublime and humane gesture.
GOOD A dark, philosophical sci-fi drama for older teens.
BAD ...a hopelessly overrated piece of work.
GOOD For all its armor of brutalizing urban dystopia (and, boy, is there a lot of that -- you could fund a war on terror with the fog- and rain-machine budgets alone), Blade Runner has a gooey center.
GOOD Probably close to being on par with Fritz Lang's Metropolis in terms of grandeur -- although of a stunningly different and far more unsettling kind.
GOOD The new version helped me see the soul because, ironically, this rendering is so much brighter. Noir or not, a film you can't see properly is a film you can't fully appreciate.
GOOD Though it's a triumph of visual futurism and an ornament to sci-fi cinema as well as to cinema in general, I resist it on some level.
GOOD Stylistically, Blade Runner is the Citizen Kane of sci-fi movies.
GOOD Scott's film may keep us at arm's length, but it holds us, too.
GOOD Blade Runner, which does not look one bit dated, envelops us so completely in its off-kilter, near-future world.
GOOD The changes are minor, but the overall effect is a much cleaner, more logical, and more organically flowing movie.
GOOD Blade Runner has only gotten better with time. Do yourself a favor and pass over anything new in theaters and go for this old classic, it still has the power to dazzle and amaze.
GOOD This definitive print should be the last little push that "Blade Runner" needs to complete its 25-year journey from box office failure to cult favorite to full-blown classic.
GOOD The film still represents the cutting edge of dark science fiction.
GOOD Blade Runner, in all its various, shimmering incarnations, is deathless.
GOOD Reviled on release, who would have thought that Ridley Scott's sci-fi noir would go on to become so influential and retrospectively acclaimed?
GOOD Twenty five years after its original release, the boldly titled and definitive-sounding Final Cut has arrived, and thankfully, it boasts editorial polishes and technical upheavals that'll have George Lucas dashing back to the cutting room.
GOOD Blade Runner: The Final Cut plays better now than ever.
GOOD Open the champagne: Blade Runner is finally just the way Ridley Scott wanted it. And it only took 25 years.
GOOD There are no plot-altering additions or subtractions. But the digitally spruced print is gorgeous to look at and listen to.
GOOD This is a seminal film, building on older classics like Metropolis or Things to Come, but establishing a pervasive view of the future that has influenced science fiction films ever since.
GOOD "Blade Runner" is no mere museum piece%u2013it continues to live and breathe in a manner unlike the vast majority of contemporary films, regardless of genre, and this is why it continues to resonate just as strongly as it did back in 1982.
GOOD Ridley Scott created a triumph of retro-futuristic design over narrative or character richness.
GOOD Blade Runner's ability to keep us enthralled, and keep us talking, 25 years later is the sure sign of a classic.
GOOD Not only is Blade Runner a relevant masterpiece that asks poignant questions about what it means to be human, but it also looks like it could have been made today.
GOOD Beg, borrow or steal a ticket to see it on the biggest screen you can find.
GOOD The opportunity to see one of the milestone visual achievements in a big hall with a giant screen is not to be missed. And even if you saw Blade Runner in a theater in 1982, this will be an entirely new experience.
FAIR Projected in digital format with booming, all-encompassing sound, Blade Runner: The Final Cut is a marvel of technology and dedication. As a film it's still the same dead-eyed pretty girl who looks good on your arm but is a real bore over dinner.
FAIR The style-over-substance Scott's only substantive text.
GOOD These days, it's almost impossible to find a gritty science fiction motion picture that doesn't owe at least a small debt to Blade Runner's visual style.
GOOD A textbook definition of a sleeper hit.
GOOD Rousing bicycle race story is a family favorite.
FAIR Breaking Away embraces the good old fashioned small town family values that would catapult Ronald Reagan to an enormously popular two term presidency. And still, I like it.
FAIR The triumphant ending teeters on twee, but feels warranted enough to give it a pass and enjoy the moment right along with him.
GOOD A delightful sleeper.
FAIR The screenplay by Oscar-winner Steve Tesich sometimes turns a little precious, but the character and atmosphere is so firmly established that it all works out.
GOOD This charming comedy shows sensitivity to American peculiarities and eccentricties in spite (or may be because) of the fact that it was scripted by a writer of foreign descent and helmed by a Brit, Peter Yates.
FAIR Despite a reasonably fun performance from Daniel Stern, Dennis Quaid earnest overacting sinks what could have been a quaint film about middle America.
GOOD Breaking Away is a wonderfully sunny, funny, goofy, intelligent movie that makes you feel about as good as any movie in a long time. It is, in fact, a treasure.
GOOD Dennis Christopher is unforgettable in his one big film role.
GOOD Here is a movie so fresh and funny it didn't even need a big budget or a pedigree.
FAIR This timeworn material probably should work, but it doesn't really since, most of the film's angst and conflict seems calculated.
FAIR There's a joy to Breaking Away that forgives its occasional skylarking and narrative dips into the cliche pool.
GOOD Those looking for a movie about restless young adults that doesn't focus on rampant raunchiness and insipid sex jokes should most definitely search this one out.
GOOD ...provides a sense of encouragement for everyone who watches it...a winsome and engaging little film.
GOOD Ultimately, Richardson's pot-shots at consumerism and class have lost some urgency, but the nihilistic, punky buzz packs an immortal wallop. Classic.
GOOD One of the best of the British 'Angry Young Man films.'
FAIR An iconic representation of a time, less so now.
FAIR While this show of compassion may not sit comfortably with those who distrust social agitation and too easy sympathy, it must be said that a splendid presentation is made by Mr. Richardson.
FAIR If anything contributes to its lasting influence, it's not all this lefty stuff, rather the brilliant performance by Tom Courtenay.
GOOD It's provocative and enjoyable, but not a classic.
GOOD The counter-Hollywood bloody-mindedness packs a knockout punch.
FAIR The film, with its grim Nottingham setting and working class milieu, must have seemed fresh in its day. Now, though, it looks and sounds like a relic from a bygone era.
GOOD Like "Schindler's List," "Hotel Rwanda" shows how the madness of genocide and war converted one man's context of wealth and success from capitalism to humanitarianism. Don Cheadle honors Paul Rusesabagina by tapping his brave face and internal rage.
BAD potentially fantastic material...unfortunately, [Terry] George's attempt is too mired in movie-of-the-week sensibilities...to do any justice to its subject matter
FAIR This is a solid film, but it is the truth that holds the power, not the direction.
GOOD The film belongs to Don Cheadle as Paul and, not surprisingly, he walks away with it.
FAIR The filmmakers want to respect history and not exploit it as so much slasher movie fodder.
GOOD Cheadle is outstanding in his first major lead role, one where he is present during practically every important moment in this story.
GOOD Who cares about overdone orchestral blasts or signpost-waving lines of dialogue when such raw, naked, painful humanity is displayed by Don Cheadle in the central role?
GOOD Cheadle has an Oscar nomination for best actor. But this isn't a grandstanding portrayal: it is a performance at the service of the work.
FAIR In 2004, with Darfur burning and Congo smouldering, has anything really changed?
BAD ...disappointingly conventional [but] an important film nevertheless...
FAIR The fact-based story it tells of instinctual heroism in the face of unspeakable horror is powerful enough to overcome its flaws.
GOOD Director Terry George takes his screenplay, which he co-wrote with Keir Pearson, and turns it into a south African "Schindler's List".
GOOD One of the most disturbing films in recent memory.
GOOD Oscar-nominated, Cheadle and Okonedo are the film's impressive heart. Despite the madness around them, both are never less than believable.
GOOD Don Cheadle's eyes have an openness and depth like Martin Sheen's in Apocalypse Now: they're the lens through which we can watch this incredible war.
FAIR As it should, leaves you feeling exhausted and wrung-out.
GOOD Cheadle has always been a talented, watchable actor in supporting roles, so it's a delight to see him get a lead part this good
GOOD The emotion comes from Don Cheadle's thrilling portrait of ordinary heroism, a performance that's matched only by the magnificent Sophie Okonedo as his wife Tatiana.
FAIR Cheadle embodies the humanity and bravery of a man who does the right thing despite his own terror
GOOD The most significant event of the year.
FAIR Don Cheadle provides heart and hope in this story of tragedy
GOOD A tragic and tastefully poised film that not only tackles human tragedy, but also faults in Western intervention.
GOOD It's all the more successful ... when we realize the sad truth that even a film this powerful isn't likely to change policy.
FAIR Not uncompromised, but still powerful...
GOOD Solid acting, a shocking-because-it's-true screenplay and wisely simple direction make "Hotel Rwanda" into a movie that you won't soon forget.
GOOD It's Cheadle who pushes the movie to at least near-greatness.
GOOD Don Cheadle is a revelation in his performance and is my pick as 2004's best actor.
GOOD It should be mandatory for everyone ... to see Hotel Rwanda. The carnage it graphically shows and the lessons it painfully teaches should be burned into every soul.
FAIR Cheadle brings a needed intensity to the film; his character's fear and compassion are quite vivid.
GOOD Portrayed by Don Cheadle in one of the great performances of... his career... [Paul] Rusebagina is a man who rises to the extraordinary challenges of his time.
GOOD This is one of those movies, like Schindlers List, that may give you nightmares. This is one of those movies, like Schindlers List, that should be seen anyway.
GOOD A star-making performance from a guy who should already be a star.
GOOD Don Cheadle has always been a good actor but with this film, he has raised his own bar to excellence.
BAD It replaces the fascinating context of Freddie Krueger's existence with a seemingly endless exercise in violence and unrelenting pain.
BAD The real nightmare is the tragic lack of creativity in this new look of one of the genre's greatest characters.
BAD I still like the characters from the first film, and these kids were cardboard shadows of them.
BAD This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of cliched shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.
BAD This flimsy remake is a nightmare and unworthy of your time.
FAIR Many people have already made the mistake of holding this film up to the original, expecting it to be just as good, but it just isn't. However, taken on its own, it's still an entertaining horror film and an interesting take on the material.
FAIR An homage to Craven's vision that is believably earnest in execution and completely faithful in spirit.
FAIR Mara and Gallner make an attractive couple on the lam and Haley, as Freddy Krueger, hams it up to an almost alarming degree.
BAD For fans of the Nightmare franchise, and slasher films in general, the new version does exactly what you want and not much more.
BAD This is even less inspired and imaginative than the Friday The 13th reboot and makes Rob Zombie's Halloween films feel like the work of an auteur.
BAD For a film about the dangers of falling asleep it tried damn hard to make the audience nod off.
BAD Like many horror fans, I approached viewing the recent remake of the post-slasher classic with extremely low expectations. Not low enough, though!
BAD ...it has nothing new to say and works with an original that didn't need remaking.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Haley just ain't no Englund, no matter how much he tries.
BAD In this outing, however, Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer's screenplay pulls no punches about Freddy's vicious sadism and paedophilia and, seriously, there's no fun in that.
BAD Lo%u0161e odra%u0111ena indigo-kopija originala, od strane ne ba%u0161 iskusnog videospota%u0161a Samuela Bayera
BAD An expectedly worthless horror-movie remake from Michael Bay's production company...
BAD Compared to the flamboyance of Robert Englund in the 1980s, Jackie Earle Haley as the crazed Freddy Krueger is more lumbering man-child than demonic daddy.
BAD This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
BAD Only a NIGHTMARE for fans of the franchise.
BAD Is there any movie franchise that cries out less for revisiting than A Nightmare on Elm Street?
BAD It's not a good film, but if you're feeling jaded and just want to watch a demonic killer pound his fist through the chest of some hapless, cardboard teenager, then this might just scratch that itch.
BAD Do not, let me repeat that, DO NOT, watch the new A Nightmare on Elm Street.
BAD It's the Bay touch you feel in the way actors register as body count, characters go undeveloped, and sensation trumps feeling. A nightmare, indeed.
BAD its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?
BAD To call the film patterned to fit would be a blazing understatement.
BAD A recurring Nightmare.
BAD It's all efficiently done and gory but director Samuel Bayer adds so little to the old familiar scare story that you wonder why they didn't just save a bob or two and reissue the Robert Englund original.
BAD Though no worse than the raft of terrible Elm Street sequels, this remake misses some of the surreal and anarchic low-budget energy Craven brought to his film (not to mention Johnny Depp).
BAD The nightmare on Elm Street is not how scary (or not) the film is, but how it destroys the franchise.
BAD Photocopies much of Wes Craven's original 1984 classic, but makes senseless changes that destroy the story's night-terror integrity.
BAD Caso existisse, Freddy Krueger poderia usar este filme como um otimo recurso para levar suas vitimas ao sono.
BAD The bottom line is that it isn't just Elm Street that's affected; you'll find a nightmare on any street that's housing a theater with the misfortune to be playing this monstrosity.
BAD We watch a bunch of twentysomething catalog-model types with last names for first names impersonate high schoolers who keep getting slashed up in their dreams.
BAD The idea that repressed or concealed knowledge of child abuse can emerge years later to traumatize victims and family members has rarely had more currency, but this slack remake is neither persuasive nor scary.
FAIR Does it matter that the plot is little more than a cynical, machine-tooled retread of the 1984 original? Debut director Samuel Bayer was not hired to dismantle the franchise but to shoot it afresh.
BAD Complete lack of imagination.
BAD Unadventurous, devoid of personality and completely lacking any semblance of imagination, Samuel Bayer's new Nightmare is a textbook exercise straight out of generic horror remakes 101.
BAD He's survived six sequels, a grudge match with Jason Voorhees and a terrible TV spin-off, but this remake may finally finish Freddy Krueger once and for all.
BAD Fades out long before it's over.
GOOD For those who take their film black...Moral rot gets full play in Lang's 1953 police drama. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A scalding face-full of harsh reality, courtesy Fritz Lang.
GOOD Lang at his cruelest.
GOOD That's the beauty of Lang's moral ambidexterity. He tells the story of a heroic cop, while using it to mask another story, so much darker, beneath.
GOOD In-your-face tough cop-gangster noir yarn features gritty Glenn Ford and great Gloria Grahame.
GOOD Strong noir thriller from the great Lang in his later years.
GOOD Mr. Lang can direct a film. He has put his mind to it, in this instance, and he has brought forth a hot one with a sting.
GOOD May be Lang's greatest American film.
GOOD In many ways, Fritz Lang's The Big Heat, scripted by former crime reporter Sydney Boehm, laid the groundwork not only for "Dirty Harry," but for the whole sub-genre of 'rogue cop' films that began to surface during the Vietnam era.
FAIR Relentlessly depressing and cynical, and although it was well-made, its cruelty made it an uncomfortable experience.
GOOD Perfectly suited to film noir fans who like their stories dark, their characters dark, and their heroes decent but morally tested.
FAIR Chinese-American mom and daughter reconnect.
GOOD Wu has abundant affection for her characters and a sharp eye for how they interact.
FAIR If that sounds supremely sitcomy, well, it is. But Wu and her cast elevate the proceedings.
FAIR The sort of competent, intelligent and humane film that often signals the beginning of a major career.
FAIR First-time writer-director Alice Wu has taken the usual romance formula and given it cultural pizzazz.
FAIR Although fun while it lasts, it's just another cute story about family and acceptance that could have been a lot more convincing and heartfelt with just a little more depth.
FAIR Far from seeming weighed down by a need to satisfy various interest groups, "Face" is light-footed, at times cheeky and always true to its sharply-drawn cast of characters.
FAIR It's a coming-out party for Krusiec, a bit player in Sweet Home Alabama who blossoms as a performer relaying emotion with deft touches and subtle yearning.
FAIR As a sweet comedy, it's enjoyable enough, as long as you don't expect it to carry the burden of an entire ethnic or sexual community on its shoulders.
FAIR Equal parts adorable and unbelievable.
FAIR ... surprisingly fresh and charming overall.
FAIR Goes beyond the obvious into something a lot more current and meaningful: the need to make your own love, even if society looks askance.
GOOD Saves face with terrific performances.
FAIR An energetic and endearing story about three generations of a Chinese immigrant family.
FAIR Wu has a keen ear for the rhythm of speech, and much of the humour rests in the conversations' staccato beat -- in breezy put-downs and tossed-off asides and disgruntled mutterings.
FAIR Making a point about choices, as opposed to convention and conformity.
FAIR Wu shows romantic comedies can be more than a Cole Porter soundtrack and snappy comebacks
FAIR [Saving Face] gets its heart pumping by putting its lovers smack in the middle of family and community.
FAIR A first film with a deft comedic touch and a trio of charming stars.
FAIR This culture-clash, generation-gap comic drama is cliched and corny. But it's also charming.
FAIR The people in Saving Face make plenty of mistakes, but Wu's script views their mistakes with compassion.
FAIR Family culture-clash romantic comedy gets a delightful twist in the funny, charming Saving Face.
FAIR From generic comedy roots comes something likably cute.
FAIR ...a conventional but ambitious and tender vehicle about cultural traditions of passion crossing forbidden paths.
FAIR A first-time writer-director, Wu handles most of the movie with breezy confidence, drawing strong performances from all of her leading actors.
FAIR [Chen] reduces the wattage on her luminousness to make Ma seem sympathetically homely without turning downright pitiful. It's an engaging performance.
FAIR Unexpected pregnancy and family politics can be heavy, dramatically explosive issues, but Wu tempers her direction with empathy and her script with well-placed laughs, attempting to bridge both cultural and generation gaps without alienating either.
BAD (Writer-wirector) Wu...seems less interested in choices and consequences than she is in sending audiences away with a smile.
FAIR An affable comedy.
FAIR Wu's film takes the received wisdom of The Joy Luck Club for a delightful spin through unwed motherhood, lesbianism and Chinese-American family values.
GOOD Coming of age tale tackles death; for older kids.
BAD Dreadful coming of age movie about kids and death. Kudos for the effort, but it's just depressing.
GOOD The ultimate tearjerker. Proof positive that Mac still has what it takes for a comeback!
FAIR Syrupy sweet, but just this side of watchable.
GOOD Provocative look at Hitler's last days is extremely violent.
GOOD ...an unflinching, hard, relentlessly honest movie that refuses to ask questions that have easy answers. It is also brilliantly acted, written and focused...
GOOD "Downfall" isn't about commuting history's sentence for the Nazis, but heeding its warning - a gruesome, sustained-tension lesson about informed politics and whether those who left evil to its own devices could arrive at a place of complicit guilt.
FAIR It's reach exceeds its grasp; nonetheless, a compelling study of Hitler's last days.
GOOD What an act of bravery it was to make Downfall.
FAIR Downfall is an admirably matter-of-fact history lesson of a movie, but next to real footage of real people with real memories of those days, it pales by comparison.
FAIR Es un atinado recordatorio de que, como humanidad, debimos haber aprendido la leccion, pues de otra forma estamos condenados a repetir la historia, para bien o para mal.
FAIR The subject matter itself is the fallback support, which is good enough for its purposes, though it could've benefited from a more steered momentum.
GOOD La pelicula es una nueva y bienvenida mirada hacia eventos historicos que nos han sido contados practicamente en exclusiva desde el bando ganador.
BAD ...succeeds, for the most part, in painstakingly depicting who did what when, but beyond that, it is a missed opportunity.
GOOD A lot of movies have been made about Adolf Hitler, but this is certainly one of the best; it shows the psychology that goes on when a leader and his followers fall from power.
FAIR Downfall takes on the unenviable task of portraying [Hitler] as a man, rather than a caricature or parody as the norm has dictated.
GOOD Hirschbiegel and Eichenger -- with the help of a blistering performance by Ganz -- strip away the myth from the monster, laying bare the utter banality of his evil.
GOOD Forca-nos a praticar uma das maiores virtudes do ser humano: compaixao. E esta e sua grande licao: a compreensao de que o odio cego nos diminui tanto quanto ao inimigo.
GOOD Insightful, chilling
GOOD While it's deeply disturbing and often difficult to watch, Downfall is a towering achievement that shouldn't be missed.
GOOD Ganz enthuses a dominating passion that wilts all those around him.
GOOD May be the definitive account of Hitler's final days and the collapse of the Third Reich.
FAIR Bruno Ganz dominates Downfall, a long but never dull look at Hitler's final days in his Berlin bunker.
GOOD As unfathomable as it may seem, Downfall might just summon some brief, but fleeting empathy for the devil, as it were.
GOOD Some demons are too extreme to comprehend, but Hirschbiegel's film nonetheless provides a painfully unflinching glimpse into the outer workings of the mortally wounded Third Reich.
GOOD absolutely brilliant in depicting with sharp historical accuracy how a destructive system will eventually turn on itself
GOOD Bruno Ganz ... is terrific as Hitler, fully depicting his physical frailties ... and brilliantly capturing his speech patterns but never allowing the performance to become a caricature.
GOOD crams all the madness and perversity of the Third Reich into twelve days in a claustrophobic bunker.
FAIR With a steely, unblinking resolve, Downfall stares into the abyss, but does not pretend to comprehend it.
FAIR It certainly benefits from the presence of Ganz, the veteran German character actor who portrays Hitler.
GOOD n the end, Downfall can't cut through Hitler's enigma, but it does powerfully illuminate the people drawn to him.
FAIR Downfall doesn't let us down when it comes to telling what happened, but it has trouble coming up with how or why.
GOOD Ganz, though, remains the film's riveting centerpiece.
GOOD Bruno Ganz's extraordinary performance as Adolph Hitler makes Downfall a riveting experience.
GOOD The film warns us to be wary of True Believers of any affiliation. 'They gave us the mandate,' says Goebbels. 'And now their little throats are being cut.'
GOOD A somber accounting crafted with impressive verisimilitude and anchored by Bruno Ganz's rock-solid performance as the Fuhrer...perhaps the definitive film on its subject.
BAD Viewed through a North American lens, the movie itself seems more familiar than fascinating, more innocuous than inflammatory, and, at 21/2 hours, more tedious than anything else.
FAIR All the upright morality in the world doesn't compensate for poor filmmaking.
FAIR The horror of "Days of Glory" is that its hate and tolerance are not relics from the past, but are as real today as the flickering shadows on the screen.
FAIR Beautifully photographed, impeccably produced and wonderfully acted, but it offers no surprises...
FAIR Standard issue military fare that has a hard time standing apart from established classics of the combat genre.
FAIR Earnest yet heavy-handed.
GOOD [Director] Bouchareb clearly understands that battlefield action is greatly intensified when filmgoers care about the participants, and he works artfully to make that happen.
GOOD A cri de couer dressed out as a standard war film, Days of Glory is a well-made if blunt appeal for justice for the nearly forgotten Algerian soldiers who enlisted in the French Army in 1943.
FAIR Its message is dimmed by a procession of war and race movie cliches that even the excellent cast and epic cinematography cannot revive.
GOOD It occasionally does drop into wartime cliches of love lost and friends fallen. But the chest-thwack poinancy of those who shed blood and were shamefully shunned drags you through.
GOOD Fusing the personal and the political, Bouchareb's stirring war drama comes with a modern-day resonance and plenty of punch. Recommended.
GOOD A war film more of sober, grim reflection than balls-out escapades. Yet it grips consistently, its bursts of combat delivering gut-punches of veracity.
FAIR A somewhat clunky ending isn't enough to ruin Days of Glory, which features some good performances and has a slightly different take on a much-filmed subject.
GOOD A solidly-constructed window onto an era and a culture clash many Americans never knew existed.
FAIR Stands apart for its passion and patriotism in the face of hostility. The spirit of liberte, egalite and fraternite runs high for everyone, even those who have never set foot in France.
FAIR It's to the credit of the actors, and Algerian-born director Rachid Bouchareb, that we become emotionally involved with the soldiers and the injustices they are forced to endure.
GOOD Days of Glory is a rousing, old-fashioned World War II platoon movie in the gritty tradition of combat pictures like Don Siegel's Hell is for Heroes, Sam Fuller's The Big Red One and Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.
FAIR We can pretty well guess some coming deaths, but the combat for a tiny Alsatian town is vividly done.
FAIR Rarely does a movie's title prove as bitterly ironic as Days of Glory.
FAIR It's a war movie burning with discontent, a moving reminder of the sacrifices that Algerian Muslim infantrymen made for a motherland that treated them abominably.
BAD The soldiers who battled the Nazis were, indeed, brave men, but this turgid hunk of fromage is not a worthy tribute to them.
GOOD The movie is more about what happens between the battles than during them. It's the plight of the men, fighting for an army that considers them second-class citizens, that raises Days of Glory above your average war movie.
FAIR The Algerian entrant for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar lacks the punch and imagination of its competition.
FAIR [Rachid] Bouchareb's movie combines convention with insight in a manner that may prevent it from being a great film but probably helped clinch it as a productive one.
BAD The deluge of World War II movies presents a challenge to Days of Glory, one it can only partially overcome. Very little about it is new.
GOOD Days Of Glory is an extraordinary document, part war film, part love story, part history lesson.
FAIR In recounting this conflicted tale, director Rachid Bouchareb displays some valour of his own, resisting what must have been a strong temptation to deal in aggrieved agitprop, and instead confining his attentions to a small group of indigenous soldiers.
GOOD Rachid Bouchareb's Days of Glory, is a movingly acted, terrifically old-fashioned World War II picture rethought as a post-colonial rebuke.
FAIR Ably performed and effective as an old-fashioned war movie.
GOOD Few [war movies] are as moving as Days, but even so, this film doesn't romanticize. It's hard, clear, full of empathy for its characters and lucid in its insight into their plight.
GOOD Algeria's pick in the Oscar race for Best Foreign-Language film is a wounding indictment of discrimination in the trenches.
GOOD Wandering in a narcoleptic stupor, Pitt's junkie rock star is as much lost soul as tortured genius, and Van Sant refrains from tacky pop theorising or tired rock-crit veneration.
BAD "Posljednji dani" bi vrlo lako mogli dovr%u0161iti ono %u0161to je prije vi%u0161e od jednog desetlje%u0107a zapo%u010Deo hitac iz sa%u010Dmarice.
GOOD Ne reinventant pas l'approche de sa serie, Gus Van Sant nous offre plutot avec Last Days une uvre qui effectue brillamment la synthese des deux opus precedents.
BAD Van Sant's refusal to delve into his subject in anything but an abstract way renders the movie pointless and frustrating -- a lyrical, lovely tone poem, signifying little.
GOOD For those open to the experience, it's a spellbinding, hypnotic masterpiece.
GOOD At the cinema it's an overextended and somewhat frustrating experience, but its real achievement is that it provokes thought in the hours and days following.
BAD It would be churlish and somewhat facetious to say that by the end of the film you'll sympathise with Blake because you'll want to kill yourself too, but you do find yourself wondering if maybe that was the intention.
FAIR A beguiling work of some beauty, this is a further move into a world of hypnotic, observational cinema for Gus Van Sant.
BAD While undeniably beautiful, it carries little more than the obvious voyeuristic appeal.
FAIR A tortured film about a tortured man.
GOOD ...like you're witnessing someone's final moments through the eyes of a waiting angel...
BAD It's unclear if Van Sant intends to inspire guilt; here, as elsewhere, he is exasperatingly abstruse. And in this striving to not say too much, he ends up not saying much of anything at all.
BAD A film about a junkie rock musician, played by Michael Pitt at his most narcissistic, doing nothing in particular for the better part of 97 minutes isn't my idea of either a good time or a serious endeavor.
BAD So little happens in Last Days that watching Blake eat a bowl of Cocoa Rice Krispies assumes epic proportions.
BAD While Last Days succeeds as a nature documentary, Van Sant fails to penetrate human nature. The result is a portrait without a face.
BAD By the end, you too may feel the soul-deep boredom that could lead to suicide.
FAIR Last Days will cast a poetic spell on some viewers, as it did this one, and will seem mind-sappingly boring to others.
GOOD Last Days is director Gus Van Sant's meditation on the death of Kurt Cobain, and an extraordinary meditation it is.
FAIR Last Days offers some insight into Cobain's final frame of mind, but balks at the gates of deeper truth.
GOOD Gus Van Sant ventures into the valley of death steering by an idiosyncratic compass and forsaking the aid of a conventional cinematic map.
FAIR This is not a mainstream film. It's an impressionistic, minimalist anti-movie that attempts to discover an existential truth by showing next to nothing.
BAD Van Sant has lost all touch with his audience in Last Days... It's an experiment and the result is utter nothingness.
FAIR [T]rying to reignite his musical passion in the studio, Pitt comes as close as is comfortable to finding the kernel of life buried by layers of drugs and fame-weariness.
BAD The movie creeps along at a snail's pace, with dialog you can barely make out and even less often understand.
BAD If you're going to make a movie about Kurt Cobain, you might as well make a movie about Kurt Cobain.
FAIR Van Sant uses Cobain's image for a portrait of physical and moral disintegration, but he also exhilarates us with his mastery of image and sound.
BAD Sometimes we see Blake through the window, but, as he moves around the room, often we see nothing but the far wall. Depending on your perspective, this is either incredibly gutsy or incredibly boring.
BAD Last Days has the blank, discombobulated feeling you get when you wake up in a hotel room and your brain hasn't kicked in and you're not sure where you are.
GOOD Last Days is a definitive record of death by gradual drug exhaustion. After the chills and thrills of Sid & Nancy and The Doors, here is a movie that sees how addicts usually die, not with a bang but a whimper.
GOOD Van Sant's design poignantly messes with the viewer's mind
GOOD Appealingly silly romp for kids and adults.
FAIR A modern-day comedy in the grand tradition of the best screwball comedies of the late 1930s and early 40s.
FAIR Murray nicely shelves his wise-guy persona in a winning comedy.
FAIR A delightful annoying-person comedy made even more amusing by the fact that Murray and Dreyfuss couldn't stand one another in real life.
FAIR Dreyfuss e Murray estabelecem uma boa dinamica nesta comedia irregular, mas agradavel.
GOOD Quirky, wild comedy doings with Bill Murray over the top.
GOOD Boomers being really charming and funny.
FAIR Pleasant comedy with droll Murray
GOOD Except for the last half hour, one of the best comedies of the 90's.
BAD Somehow, Mr. Dreyfuss maintains his sound comic timing even when Frank Oz's antic direction calls for hand-waving hysteria.
BAD Annoying movie that wastes a talented cast.
GOOD Billy Murray gives an inspired performance. This is a comedy that often makes you simultaneously laugh and wince.
GOOD One of the most snicker-worthy movies ever made. Great, great fun for the demented.
BAD If you're a little discerning, you wont make the distance.
FAIR This is an amiable comedy if there ever was one. That's no criticism: if all innocuous comedies were as satisfying as What About Bob? you wouldn't always feels the need for some subversive humor.
FAIR There's no question that the engaging performances of Bill Murray and Richard Dreyfuss manage to breathe a great deal of life into the proceedings, and before it starts to run out of steam toward the end, the film provides an awful lot of laughs.
BAD Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
GOOD Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
BAD If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's. The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
GOOD Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
GOOD The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
GOOD Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
GOOD Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
GOOD He saved the best for last.
GOOD The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection. It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
GOOD The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes. Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
FAIR Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a great film.
GOOD Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um numero suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
GOOD It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
GOOD Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
FAIR 'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante mas solida e interesante que su antecesora.'
GOOD Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not feel more satisfying.
GOOD It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
FAIR Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
GOOD Menos mal que no hay una Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque seria imposible imaginarse como Quentin Tarantino podria volver a superarse a si mismo... una vez mas.
GOOD La union de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
GOOD The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
BAD The Kill Bill films leave me cold. For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
FAIR If he doesn't take care Tarantino could make something significantly worse.
FAIR Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't expect to remember this for years to come.
GOOD This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
BAD Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
GOOD It exhilarates even as it maddens.
GOOD This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
FAIR At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context. At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
GOOD brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
GOOD Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
GOOD Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
GOOD Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 is better.
GOOD Maybe the best film about teenagers ever made.
GOOD [A] hugely influential docu-drama.
GOOD Wonderfully evoking the feel and spirit of the era, this is one of those rare movies you live through rather than watch.
BAD Anyone who has spent their teenage years cruising up and down Main Street will connect with the film... which is part of the reason I didn't.
GOOD American Graffiti is a music-infused tone poem - a fond, delicate trip back to an era often forgotten.
GOOD It's one of the all-time great feel good films, but its sly cultural commentary is what makes it the masterpiece that it is.
GOOD Coming-of-age classic still a must-see for teens.
GOOD A funny-serious movie with gorgeous cars and colours and an amazing feel for the artefacts of an instantly vanished era.
GOOD If Last picture Show presents gloomy portrait of small-town life prior to the advent of TV, Lucas moves the setting forward by a decade, in 1962, when TV had already become the mainstay of pop culture, though for his youths, radio is the relevant medium.
GOOD ...the ultimate nostalgia movie of all time ...
GOOD A successful tribute to an era of optimism and competitiveness which was bitchin' -- and now seems very far in the past.
GOOD American Graffiti acts almost as a milestone to show us how far (and in many cases how tragically) we have come.
GOOD Trend setter, nostalgic, feel good hit
GOOD A hallmark film of the 1970s.
GOOD Destined to be an instant classic. The performances are timeless.
GOOD I love Star Wars more, but strictly speaking, this is probably a better film.
GOOD Rock-solid proof that Lucas CAN write characters ... or at least COULD. Great cast, warm nostalgia, and wonderful music.
FAIR American Graffiti still bears the mark of a superb filmmaking talent.
GOOD American Graffiti has a timeless power that speaks to everyone who was ever a teenager.
FAIR It's a very Kaufmanesque narrative experiment, technically ingenious and sophisticated. It also looks like some lost comedy idea by Philip K Dick; you could call this film We Can Forget It for You Retail.
GOOD This outing from Kaufman's oddball imagination is wonderfully intriguing, often touching and typically convoluted.
GOOD What follows will knock you silly, upending every single concept of storytelling that you're probably used to.
GOOD Kaufman's latest is a weird, visually woozy rom-com-in-reverse that charms, amuses and moves.
GOOD Imaginative, loopy romance is for adults only.
GOOD Most imaginative and impressively executed...
GOOD Kaufman and Gondry bring out all the weirdness of the premise, sometimes eliciting disbelieving laughter, sometimes taking us to odd, chilly places.
GOOD Walking into a theater with Charlie Kaufman on the screen is like volunteering for that wacky boat trip Willy Wonka took through the chocolate factory tunnel...
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.
FAIR The reality is that Hollywood is such an idea poor place Kaufman tends to get more credit than he deserves for work which only occasionally rises above the level of mind games and showy sleight of hand.
GOOD It is an enchanting clutter of love and reason that will only appeal to the audience willing to take the time to see the movie and then think about it later.
FAIR Romance was never this stark or twisted.
GOOD Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are perfectly cast in this movie, and Winslet's Oscar nomination was well-deserved. The writing, direction and acting are all top-notch.
GOOD The kind of movie that only gets better the more you think about it and I think it cries out for repeat viewings.
GOOD You won't soon forget this walk down memory lane. Actually, make that a RUN down memory lane.
GOOD Most Hollywood films tell us we have everything we need within ourselves. [This movie] indicates that we need each other, even ... when togetherness disrupts happiness.
GOOD An unusual one but a great one, it will have you asking questions about the true nature of love for some time afterwards.
GOOD Without a connection to the central relationship, all of Kaufman's musings and Gondry's visual frills would be for naught, but... it all fits into place.
GOOD Maybe this isn't for everyone, but it's so well written, directed, and acted that I found it beguiling, thought provoking entertainment.
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is undeniably ambitious filmmaking and a feather in this year's cap of indie movies
GOOD Es una de esas peliculas donde la risa, el humor, la locura y la emocion te producen, al final, ganas de salir y enamorarte.
GOOD Carrey gracefully paints the neuroses of a man who has no security or intimacy beyond the close grip of his gloomy knit hat.
GOOD Breaks the mold, harnessing some of the same energy and imagination to create a highly original love story.
GOOD ...un hilo conductor que juega con el espacio y el tiempo, construyendo y deconstruyendo una historia que solo puede ser entendida al estilo Kaufman...
GOOD Movies this brilliantly designed and executed are rarities.
GOOD Brilliantly original and ingeniously revolutionary, Gondry and Kaufman couldn't be better paired.
GOOD Capturing the joys and pains of romantic obsession as few filmmakers have before, Gondry and Kaufman have come up with a masterpiece.
GOOD Love must flourish in the heart and soul of every romantic and emerge without trepidation or doubt.
FAIR As the star of the new, epic-scaled Braveheart, Gibson celebrates yet another man of selfless valor. And as its director, he displays some daring of his own.
FAIR A lavish, entertaining spectacle full of manly men, dastardly villains, rousing battles and women who easily see Mel's hero potential through all that messy hair.
BAD The screenplay says repeatedly that thinking is more important than fighting, yet problems are always met with muscle-power in the movie, which wallows in violence and vengeance every chance it gets.
FAIR In addition to staging battle scenes well, Gibson also manages to recreate the filth and mood of 700 years ago.
FAIR Braveheart is a stouthearted, old-fashioned hero movie in which honorable Scottish underdogs fight nasty British nobles. It lacks refinement, but it's a satisfying war story (and mediocre love story) in the grand Hollywood tradition.
FAIR Mel Gibson's Braveheart is a rousing, romantic battle epic featuring a cast of thousands, many without heads or arms.
GOOD Mel Gibson throws his whole heart into a role. No one acts with more conviction, and his errors are honest ones.
FAIR Many movies deal with battlefield heroics. Few seriously attempt to define heroism.
GOOD In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.
GOOD If you like your Hollywood to be as big, stirring and spectacular as possible, then there's no denying that Braveheart was one of the highpoints of '90s cinema.
GOOD It succeeds in bringing to life the reality of Scottish patriotism and brilliantly captures the spirit of revolution.
GOOD Completely honest, and completely eager, and subtle as an iron hammer to the skull.
GOOD Mel Gibson's Oscared, bloody Scottish spectacle.
BAD So inspiring is his message that my own girlfriend channeled it, in the warning I received prior to my reviewing the film: You'd better love it, or I'll disembowel you.
FAIR A massive, sweaty, frequently silly epic that nevertheless delivers enough brute pleasure to pass a rainy afternoon.
FAIR A great big splendorific Hollywood epic that's not exactly original or cliche-free, but fairly satisfying.
GOOD While the violence is raw, so are the emotions.
FAIR Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood. For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.
GOOD A superior film and there is a lot to love about it.
GOOD For pure, blood-soaked "guy flick" grandeur, few movies can touch this one.
FAIR Larger than life.
GOOD If you prefer your movies to be more than just one man's ego trip, it's an impediment to fully enjoying what is otherwise an awesome-looking and powerful bloody epic.
GOOD A violent, utterly passionate epic.
BAD At times the film seems an obsessive ode to Mel Gibson machismo.
GOOD With its clashing armies, heartstopping action, and grand sense of romance, this is the sort of film it's a pleasure to see and review.
GOOD An action epic with the spirit of the Hollywood swordplay classics and the grungy ferocity of The Road Warrior.
FAIR Ring of Fire is a better than average Lifetime movie that will leave viewers hand-clapping, singing along and maybe sniffling a little.
FAIR In making Johnny's drug abuse the main story of their life together, it leaves June to react to his actions, his troubles, and his needs.
FAIR June Carter Cash is the kind of performer you just naturally tend to like, and you'll like her even more after seeing this new biopic.
GOOD Jewel does a remarkable job of encapsulating the essence and sound of this legendary and beloved American character.
BAD If there's a soundtrack, buy it, and skip the movie altogether. Sadly, you won't miss much.
FAIR Worth seeing, especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine, but don't go in expecting a laugh a minute.
FAIR It's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least, how to lose your soul with grace.
FAIR In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office, any reminder of Hollywood's clueless cynicism is more than welcome.
BAD What Just Happened, despite an air of crisis, feels sluggish and plodding.
BAD An insider's Hollywood story, Barry Levinson's film lacks the bite of other admired "movie movies", such as The Player, or way back, The Bad and the Beautiful.
BAD I don't think it's particularly funny and I think that's the problem with the film. I think it wants to be funny.
FAIR It's a shame that the film doesn't ever really take off into the stratosphere, because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing. But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film.
FAIR A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro, who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many, many years.
BAD Based on the Art Linson autobiography, this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap.
BAD prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima, tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio, [...] sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario, kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg
FAIR More understated than sidesplitting, this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended, its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding.
BAD There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood, but many of the jokes, including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing, falls flat.
FAIR Polished, coherent, rich with internal consistency... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies
BAD Director Barry Levinson's What Just Happened? is about spoiled brats. But it's amusing.
FAIR Ao contrario do recente The Deal, este filme nao exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood (uma clara hipocrisia), o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela producao %u2013 ambos esforcos terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador.
FAIR Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops, Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness.
FAIR This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain.
GOOD ...has small delicious moments, but it's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either don't much care about or actively dislike.
FAIR A playful industry satire made by victors. That's actually pretty cold when you think about it.
BAD A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu.
FAIR Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player, What Just Happened? is flyweight. De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role, but he's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm.
GOOD The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened? is a worthy rival. It's also great fun.
BAD Well, what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film.
BAD It's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it's been done before...and an awful lot better.
FAIR Linson has drawn his fangs, opting for mild, Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up.
BAD As a satire on Tinseltown, it's toothless.
GOOD A send-up of Hollywood and its stars, this is the best film industry satire since The Player. Funnier, too.
FAIR It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form. Perhaps, though, you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes.
FAIR Levinson keeps the pace sharp, and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money.
BAD More cold than cute, De Niro's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be.
FAIR Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast, though it's a shame it's not a little more daring.
GOOD Taken from his own memoirs, Linson's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
FAIR By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom. Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood, he's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him.
BAD A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck...succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us, but it does nothing to atone for the results
FAIR Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets.
BAD The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative, knowing chuckles. The local auditorium where the movie opens today, however, is probably just going to echo.
FAIR Not something to be taken too seriously, De Niro's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro
BAD What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting.
FAIR The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire, but "What Just Happened?" rings true, capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then, wondering if toda
BAD What Just Happened? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone.
BAD The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere. Considering everyone involved, this is a disaster of epic proportions. What just happened?... indeed
FAIR What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen.
BAD Francois Ozon's quiet sexual drama raises more questions than it answers.
BAD It became clear, as the movie wore on, that Ozon isn't interested in explanations, psychological insights, lessons, judgments, diagnoses, or any of the other stuff that normally preoccupies storytellers.
GOOD ...echoes Luis Bunuel's 1967 classic Belle de Jour in some obvious ways
FAIR This is a different kind of coming-of-age story.
FAIR The result is a movie that feels more like a lab report than any cogent exploration of the human condition, but again, it's this clinical approach that best approximates the female psyche as girls come of age.
FAIR Never amounts to anything more than its title's shallow descriptors.
FAIR Ozon's male gaze peers at a middle-class high-school girl selling sex to older men
FAIR Trying to figure out Isabelle keeps the viewer engaged, and Vacth's focused acting justifies her being almost continually in the frame.
FAIR Accepts that there are a wide spectrum of mistakes made during youth, and time does no favors.
FAIR Something happens to Francois Ozon's people when they get near the water.
FAIR There is just something slightly skewed, slightly uncontrolled, beneath Pailhas' reasonable exterior.
FAIR Vacth gives a luminous performance, but her character is less explored than her body, and that's the film's major shortcoming.
BAD Admittedly, watching a beautiful young woman on screen in various stages of congress can be a pleasant thing, but beyond the surface sexuality of the film [director Francois] Ozon doesn't really offer much more.
FAIR Vacth, who is beautiful, angular and coltish, brings a quietly authoritative, contemplative, undemonstrative quality to the role: she has a mysterious, unreachable air that perfectly suits Ozon's approach.
GOOD I think it's interesting, I think it's sexy.
FAIR Intimate and erotic it's also a strangely restrained film, Ozon making sure that events never erupt and that emotions rarely boil over. It's a simmering, unresolved tale of secrets and discretion.
FAIR Ozon is more interested in a woman's pleasure than her pain; he prefers films about small female triumphs, rather than their grand tragedies.
GOOD Vacth is persuasively adolescent at the outset, distressingly jaded at the finale, and in between, is entirely capable of making young-and-beautiful sex seem - as perhaps only the French can - ravishing, sensual and utterly unsatisfying all at once.
FAIR "Young and Beautiful" doesn't have the eerie power of some of Ozon's other films, like "In the House" or "Swimming Pool," but it is still a fascinating experience.
BAD Those who just want to admire the oft-naked Vacth will get their money's worth. Those seeking the usual fully realized Ozon drama will be disappointed.
FAIR The film is a potentially florid coming-of-age story that's remarkably cool to the touch, not nearly as outrageous in execution as it is by description.
BAD Vacth, like the movie, is beautiful and resolutely humorless.
FAIR The film's increasingly unnerving story mostly unfolds with minimal flair, intensely focused as it is on its steely and enigmatic protagonist.
FAIR It's a balanced and honest look at young sexuality, and thankfully never didactic in its approach.
GOOD An engaging and well executed turn from the accomplished Ozon.
BAD Vacth remains impressively vacant throughout, although the real prize in that respect must go to Ozon himself.
BAD Ozon's unappetising message to middle-aged men seems to be: paying for intercourse can actually improve your marriage.
FAIR This is an intriguing notion and it would have been a better film had it been more fully explored.
FAIR Much of the picture feels - to these cloth-eared sensibilities anyway - profoundly and irredeemably dubious.
GOOD It is piquant, disconcerting, graceful, enigmatic, implacable - and just a little scary.
GOOD Completely realistic because it is in keeping with the reserved temperament of the culture.
FAIR Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda delivers a quiet, beautifully modulated, touching drama.
FAIR There are times when the script seems just too schematic - as if Kore-eda has decided that we should all sit still while he lays out the nature versus nurture debate. Then the small truths which enrich each scene take over.
GOOD Cultures collide oh so gently in Hirokazu Kore-eda's Like Father Like Son, a Japanese drama that examines its cavernous, local class divide thoughtfully and tenderly, much like Iran's A Separation before it.
GOOD The performances seem to me impeccable. Kore-eda is one of a host of Japanese filmmakers who never cease to enchant me.
GOOD Navigates the emotional minefield with subtle, unhurried direction, weighing up both sides of the equation without casting judgement or providing clear-cut answers.
GOOD This is a profound and remarkable work, and like Still Walking, it reasserts Koreeda's place among the ranks of the world's greatest living directors.
FAIR The film's climax, built around the layout of a particular Tokyo location, resolves this motif in a simple, elegant and wholly satisfying way.
GOOD A heartfelt charmer from Director Kore-eda overcomes its contrived plot point
GOOD A film of great nuance and substance that sucks you into its story without apparent effort.
FAIR Fukuyama succeeds at being unlikable but highly believable as an entitled jerk, but it's really the kids who give the movie its emotional edge because they could care less about genetics.
FAIR If you've seen any of Koreeda's previous films, and especially the wrenching children-alone saga Nobody Knows, it won't surprise you to learn that the observation of children in Like Father, Like Son is unfailingly acute ...
FAIR What the film does provide, however, is an up-close view of two families struggling with this conflict -- a no-win situation that's indelibly inscribed.
GOOD Writer and director Hirokazu Koreeda does not pretend that there are easy answers in his film, which at times plays almost like a fable. But the emotions and heartbreak are always grounded in reality.
GOOD Gem of a Family Drama
GOOD If you've seen Hirokazu Koreeda's films - Nobody Knows, Still Life, I Wish - then just the announcement that a new one, Like Father, Like Son, has arrived is all you need to know.
GOOD A moving drama about parenthood from Japanese filmmaker Hirokazu Kore-eda.
GOOD A deeply affecting Japanese family tale from Hirokazu Kore-eda, renowned for his films about parents, children, blood bonds and loss.
FAIR A bittersweet musing about the nature of parenthood and about the conflict between nature and nurture, it is as banal and insightful as its title.
BAD In general, the speed and stoicism with which Keita and Ryusei adjust to the familial maneuvering is, quite frankly, weird.
FAIR [Kore-eda] pokes some fun at class differences, but his overall aim is serious - we get a powerful sense of how unsettling it would be to live through such a wrenching event. Remarkably, he conveys this with charm and restraint.
GOOD Like Father, Like Son is always wise about the quandary faced by the two fathers and the two mothers.
GOOD Wry, funny and wise, like most of the work of Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda.
GOOD ...a quiet movie, but one built on primal fears.
FAIR As is often the case with Kore-eda's films, [the] larger theme emerges gradually, and mostly via low-key, slice-of-life scenes that initially seem too aimless, but make more sense once it's clearer where Like Father, Like Son is going.
FAIR Examinations of nature vs. nurture don't get much more quietly thrilling.
GOOD The questions posed by Like Father, Like Son are universal in nature and the manner in which Kore-eda addresses them makes for superior drama.
GOOD A genuinely poignant, compelling and well-acted family drama.
GOOD Little Keita Ninomiya plays Keita with such tenderness, while Fukuyama makes Ryota harsh at first, and fills in each step of the man's progress with precision.
GOOD One of the pinnacles of world cinema.
FAIR Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.
GOOD A bold film that you won't soon forget.
GOOD Sergio Leone loaded up for another Spaghetti Western and shot out his magnum opus with this follow-up to the Dollars trilogy. Charles Bronson stars as an ominous stranger known only as Harmonica -- on the account of that instrument being the only other th
GOOD These days, cartoonish, genre-pastiching movies are everywhere, but Leone's films in this vein are still more enjoyable than most.
GOOD Sergio Leone's masterpiece.
FAIR 'Once Upon a Time...' now looks like an over-cooked mess of style, metaphor and reference.
GOOD Quite simply a masterpiece, Leone's revisionist western is a mythic spectacle of a film and a landmark in cinema history.
GOOD Sergio Leone's 1969 masterwork, in which he pulls together most of the themes of his three Dollar films, and also contributes one of the most famous credit sequences in history, will wet your lips all over again.
GOOD For a lesson in how to resuscitate a dying genre, you could do worse than Once Upon a Time in the West, Sergio Leone's masterpiece from 1968.
GOOD Perhaps the clearer and crisper this film appears, and the more its reputation grows, the more unsettling its indulgences and ellipses appear to be. Well ... never mind. It's still a landmark.
GOOD Leone's film, authentic yet hyper-stylised, complete with the coolest cowboy fashion (gunslingers in long coats has never been bettered), mainstreet shootouts and raw, memorable characters, is a tough, leathery sundried masterpiece.
GOOD There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.
GOOD Stunning big-screen cowboy film.
GOOD Sergio Leone's frontier parable is a landmark in Westerns, and features not only one of the greatest opening sequences ever made, but also the best use of a harmonica in cinema.
GOOD One of the greatest ventures into the myth and legend of the Wild West.
GOOD What fun.
BAD Leone's insistence on style trumped the need for substance.
FAIR It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.
GOOD The 165-minute feature doesn't always make perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.
FAIR The movie stretches on for nearly three hours, with intermission, and provides two false alarms before it finally ends.
GOOD Explores legends and entombs myths into a film that is timeless and will live on as a work of art even if the western as we once knew it disappeared alongside its heroes.
GOOD 'even the quieter romantic or reflective moments are filled with a sense of energy coming from the expectation that at any given moment something huge is going to happen.'
GOOD Visualmente espetacular, este classico cerca a bela Cardinale de atores fantasticos, que duelam nao apenas com suas armas, mas tambem com suas otimas performances.
GOOD Leone's masterpiece, the pinnacle of his storied career
GOOD Sergio Leone made a fistful of great films, but none better than 1968's ode to the fading American frontier, Once Upon a Time in the West.
FAIR When West is jumping, it's impossible to turn away.
GOOD Though elegiac, Once Upon a Time in the West is too vital to be a flat-out elegy, too influential to be a lament. It very simply matters.
GOOD Has the best title sequence ever shot
GOOD Leone's operatic oater remains notable for a number of achievements.
GOOD With its amazing widescreen compositions and epic running time, this Western truly wins points for length and width.
GOOD I'm still in awe.
GOOD Once Upon a Time in the West is often mesmerizing cinema.
GOOD A kick-ass flick.
GOOD Jim Loach's feature debut presents the horrific injustice of forced child migration in a calm, measured manner.
BAD The sincerity of feeling is unmistakable. So's the flat-footedness of the writing.
FAIR Emily Watson, who always brings a special grace to the screen, gives a multilayered performance to the role of Margaret Humphreys, who not only puts her own family dynamic at risk but finds herself physically threatened.
FAIR The story is a stunner, and the format, propelled by Watson's deepening investigation, gives the movie energy.
FAIR Emily Watson, a delicate English rose, has never seemed more sturdy than here.
FAIR Once, very early on, the secret deportations have been exposed there aren't many new places for the film to go - just more scenes of an increasingly tired-looking Emily Watson trudging around with an armful of file folders.
GOOD It's powerful, gut-wrenching stuff, and it doesn't need tarting up.
BAD Making a true story of social injustice into a gripping narrative requires more imagination than is contained in this well-intentioned but uninspired effort.
BAD Well-meaning but blandly executed, smothering potentially powerful scenes with earnest do-gooder-film moments.
FAIR As the story ricochets between Britain and Australia, the film often loses track of time and becomes fragmented as it struggles to integrate too many subplots. What holds it together is Ms. Watson's calm, sturdy performance.
BAD Sometimes the facts can get in the way of the drama, and that's the central problem here.
GOOD The extraordinary true story of a social worker who exposed the notorious forced deportation of children from England to Australia from the 1940s to the 1970s.
FAIR If larger truths have been overlooked, the subject is still wrenching enough to make Oranges and Sunshine an inspired work of dignity and purpose.
GOOD The movie belongs to Hugo Weaving and David Wenham, both playing what one newspaper dubs "the lost children of the Empire," men broken by the appalling conditions that met them in their new homeland.
BAD The result is a plodding, overly tasteful procedural that holds up its hero as an incorruptible embodiment of goodness.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD Oranges And Sunshine packs a serious emotional wallop in its story (based on true events) of a Nottingham social worker who uncovers a massive post-war scandal involving the British and Australian governments.
FAIR Oranges and Sunshine is an equally confronting and tender story about loss of identity of abuse of power, as told through the heroic actions of a secular saint who stood up to those who had no voice.
GOOD While director Jim Loach knows how to bring trying tales of deprivation and abuse to a piercing emotional pitch, more admirable is his uncanny ability to harness the power of understatement.
GOOD There are beautiful performances here from every member of the cast, and it's much to Loach's credit that he handles this potentially sensational material with such restraint.
GOOD With Oranges and Sunshine Jim Loach has announced himself a distinctive cinematic voice who is able to handle complex and difficult subject matter with sensitivity and skill.
BAD Quiet moments of power ensue, but so too do the gently manipulative cliches - the plaintive piano score, the moments of false tension, the one-dimensional bureaucratic bad guys - that plague much issue-driven British cinema.
FAIR The film rightly draws attention to a horrible event in history. But unfortunately that's all it does - and a decent documentary could have done exactly the same, much more nimbly.
FAIR Jim Loach follows in dad's footsteps with a compassionate investigative drama about the wave of UK-to-Australia child migration in the 1950s, and the many sundered families left in the dark.
FAIR Fundamentally dry and somewhat hamstrung by its own artful restraint, Oranges and Sunshine nevertheless works on the basis of its riveting performances.
FAIR A powerful, admirably restrained, real-life drama.
FAIR These stories of enforced separation could hardly be more upsetting, and Hugo Weaving, as one of the deportees damaged well into adulthood by his experience, gives a hugely affecting performance. Cinematically, though, the film doesn't really work.
BAD While it's brimming with righteous anger, it rarely connects emotionally.
FAIR It tells a startling story of how one persistent seeker after truth triumphed despite everything put in her way.
GOOD Seeing the film reminds us instantly of our perennial desire to be swept up into a compelling story.
GOOD Tennessee Williams filled the tinderbox. Marlon Brando ignited it.
GOOD An unqualified masterpiece.
GOOD Epic performances in a movie that seethes with atmosphere.
GOOD "Stella!" classic is powerful tale of abuse, alcoholism.
GOOD Between them Kasan, Brando and Leigh take all the blood, sweat and tears of Williams' text and create one of the most potent productions of the post-war years.
FAIR The film is perhaps best regarded as an intelligent and engaged recreation of the original Broadway experience, in which Jessica Tandy first played the role. There's no denying the awful horror and pity of the final scene.
GOOD Simply a masterful adap of Tennessee Williams' sultry, searing play and an affirmation of Marlon Brando's acting genius.
BAD There's an inevitable staginess to Tennessee Williams' devastating portrait of delusion and cruelty, but director Elia Kazan catches the squalid, claustrophobic atmosphere of a New Orleans tenement just right.
GOOD A Streetcar Named Desire features some of the finest ensemble acting ever offered on the screen, speaking some Williams's most vivid dialogue.
GOOD That melancholy we feel as it closes is a mourning for me that I'll never be able to see this film again for the first time--and that I'll never be able to appreciate any film that came before it without the stain of it in my perception.
FAIR Brando pulls off astonishing things as Stanley Kowalski, and Vivien Leigh gives a performance that must have taken everything she had as Blanche DuBois.
GOOD Brando's performance is probably the most influential in movie history for the way its raw naturalism smolders amid the stiff theatricality that surrounds him.
GOOD Brando is all mumbling naturalism and animal magnetism; Leigh is all preening, affected, theatrical mannerisms. The differences make a startling contrast.
GOOD This is a film about passion, and the movie positively oozes it.
GOOD With The Glass Menagerie, one of the best Tennesee Williams film adaptations.
GOOD Outstanding reading of a great story. Brando at his best.
GOOD The best naturalistic acting of the era.
GOOD Shattering.
GOOD Inner torments are seldom projected with such sensitivity and clarity on the screen.
GOOD A Streetcar Named Desire is a fascinating, wrenching character study.
GOOD Thanks to the excellent text and superb actors, Kazan managed to create a very good film, but he still failed to turn it into genuine and everlasting masterpiece.
GOOD Despite the overwhelming power of Brando's performance, Streetcar is one of the great ensemble pieces in the movies.
GOOD While Kingsley (who took one of eight Oscars) is the glue that holds this epic piece together, you must relish a cast that includes John Gielgud, Edward Fox, John Mills, Martin Sheen and Roshan Seth.
GOOD It's a slow, reverential biopic, but it compensates for its sedate pace with a dry, gentle humour and a humanity that befits its extraordinary subject.
GOOD Brilliant biography will engage preteens and up.
BAD Gandhi is less personal than Reds, but also less complacent than Chariots of Fire and less doddering than Lean's own orderly post-colonial apologia, A Passage to India.
FAIR Every bit the biopic that Patton was, Gandhi is emotionally engaging but taxing on the viewer's stamina. Ben Kingsley is astounding.
FAIR Despite an intelligent title performance by Ben Kingsley and impressive cinematography in the manner of David Lean, this huge, clunky biopic offers less than meets the eye.
GOOD A true epic in every sense of the word!
GOOD A remarkable experience.
FAIR Solid biopic, a little long, but well done.
GOOD Attenborough's profound epic spotlighting one of the 20th century's most prolific spiritual men of peace. Kingsley's portrayal of Gandhi is impeccable and inspirational to boot
GOOD Marvelous. In every sense. Great movie.
GOOD Epic tale about one man's journey down the transforming path of wisdom and peace.
GOOD It's really not nearly as bad as I feared it might be.
FAIR Attenborough's heavy-handed direction nearly derails the film, but Kingsley's performance saves the day -- a rare thing of beauty, a joy that will be with us forever.
GOOD An informative and enjoyable movie.
GOOD ...a huge, sprawling, old-fashioned epic...yet it manages also to maintain an intimacy with its subject that helps us to understand Gandhi as a person as much as an icon.
GOOD Ben Kingsley is nothing short of mesmerizing in the title role.
GOOD Both script and camera serve only as a canvas upon which the masterful Ben Kingsley paints a touchingly lifelike picture of one of the greatest men in history.
GOOD [The world] really needs this film.
FAIR Worthy, handsomely mounted, but highly conventional and ultimately dull.
GOOD The film opens with an acknowledgment that it can't do justice to an entire life but that it will content itself with capturing the spirit of the man.
GOOD A strong, well above-average effort in almost every way, there's no evidence at all that Lewton's first brush with money and success dulled his instincts.
GOOD there's a fascination with the ultimate futility of ever being something beyond opportunistic and solipsistic.
GOOD The first and best of the three Val Lewton-Boris Karloff collaborations for RKO.
BAD Even though this film is taken from a modest stage play of a few seasons back, its humors are as stale and mechanical as those of the oldest such farce.
FAIR This is the most elegant and leisurely of the Val Lewton horror films, up until the whopper of an ending.
FAIR Wildly overrated, but elegantly produced horror film
GOOD an intense, disturbing and bleak drama of ecstasy and insanity, all set in a world where, if there is a God at all, it truly requires a leap of faith into the dark to grasp Him.
GOOD A convincing portrayal of a helpless soul wavering between fear and faith, and the madness of murder being perpetrated in the name of Christ.
FAIR [Huller] combines the raw physicality of Michaela's seizures with an emotional confusion as she ponders the cause of her attacks and how to react to them.
GOOD A tragic tale of teen rebellion and misplaced faith, this is a sober and sobering account of a young girl's untimely end, made enthralling by great performances and restrained direction.
FAIR Working from an economical and intelligent script by Bernd Lange , Schmid directs his first feature with the easy conviction that eluded the makers of the preposterous Emily Rose.
GOOD A naturalistic and thrillingly powerful film, with a stand-out performance from Huller at its centre.
FAIR Stage actress Sandra Huller delivers a stunning, understated performance...
GOOD The confusion and panic and everyday interactions in Requiem feel honest and true-to-life, which has nothing to do with how factual it is, or isn't.
FAIR What cannot be debated is the strength of Huller's naturalistic lead performance, a frighteninglyn intense turn that brings to mind Emily Watson's work in Breaking the Waves.
GOOD In lesser hands, Requiem would seem merely bleak, but Schmid makes a rigorously urgent and compelling film out of Michaela's odyssey.
GOOD Based on the same story as The Exorcism of Emily Rose, this is a far more accurate and ultimately much more frightening version of events, with an award-winning performance from Huller.
BAD A demonic posession movie WITHOUT special effects? Horrors!!!
GOOD Bogumil Godfrejow's raw cinematography and (Sandra) Huller's poignant, close-to-the-bone performance transform what might have been a morbid curiosity into an entirely enthralling, quietly terrifying experience.
FAIR You won't find rotating heads and vomit in the exorcism movie Requiem. Instead, German director Hans-Christian Schmid relies on a frighteningly realistic performance by Sandra Huller as blue-eyed blonde Michaela.
FAIR Like The Exorcism of Emily Rose ... Requiem is loosely based on the real-life story of a West German woman who died in 1976 after a series of failed exorcisms.
FAIR Takes the flashback sequences from Exorcism of Emily Rose, removes all the supernatural scares, and tries to keep you interested.
GOOD Just as haunting as a horror film and far more heartrending.
GOOD Progresses in a natural, unforced style that's increasingly creepy and ultimately emotionally shattering.
FAIR Huller's master class in acting is not only a portrait of a holy creature frenzied by otherworldly spirits but a voluptuous reflection of the pressures that accosted so many women of her character's age, time, and devotions.
GOOD The film is incisive about the all-too-mundane social, physical and emotional pressures exacted upon its heroine.
FAIR Sandra Hueller deservedly won an acting prize in Berlin (she could have taken home 'most conflicted character' as well).
FAIR ...never quite as compelling as Huller's performance...
FAIR ...an uneven yet engrossing drama that benefits substantially from the efforts of its unusually impressive roster of performers.
BAD As an exercise in gender de-construction it's a crude bit of irony.
BAD A verbose exercise in profanity that wastes the talent of a bunch of fine actors who sit around and discuss how best to restore the bruised ego of one of their hardened gang.
GOOD This talky crime drama is a searing examination of masculinity and misogyny that is littered with rampant profanity and lashings of humour.
BAD After a while you can see why the wayward wife moved on to fresher prospects. Our man Ray is all talk, no bloody action.
BAD Writers Louis Mellis and David Scinto seem to have been hoping for something along the lines of those Quentin Tarantino scenes where thugs kvetch about pop music and cinnamon buns, but the 44 Inch dialogue is not as clever as Tarantino's...
FAIR With violence on the menu, it's a guilty pleasure to watch these stage-trained hambones unleash a rapid-fire roundelay of righteous indignation.
FAIR The frequently profane dialogue suggests David Mamet on an off-night (so does Malcolm Venville's claustrophobia-inducing direction), though the first-rate cast works hard.
GOOD Every now and then there are perfect moments in cinema. The opening of 44 Inch Chest is one of them.
BAD It's an interesting spectacle, but not enough to carry a movie.
BAD The whole thing feels like middle-period Mamet with English accents, and not much to say.
FAIR Is this a documentary about a porn professional? Or a gym rat? Neither. It's a stagy, half-entertaining, half-tedious acting competition between five excellent Englishmen.
FAIR The talented actors have great fun with the chewy, clever, self-congratulatory dialogue, but it's less enjoyable for the audience, which gets suffocated by the talk, talk, talk.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest puts the spectrum of the male ego on brutally efficient display.
BAD Boasts solid performances and some wickedly funny dialogue, but it's often tedious, underwhelming and fails to pack any real punches.
BAD Think of 44 Inch Chest as a piece of chamber music and you can compensate for the thinness of its story and the lack of visual distinction.
BAD It's an actors' film, as they say -- which is not the same thing as an audience film.
BAD Even a great British cast and obscenity-laden gangland dialogue aren't enough to make what amounts to an extended acting exercise into much of a movie.
FAIR It's sometimes difficult to discern whether the filmmakers are dissecting male bonding, ritualized aggression and sexual anxiety or celebrating it.
BAD The cast to die for is almost entirely wasted in this machismo-marinated slab of Brit-crime nastiness.
BAD This limp psychodrama proves woefully short on character development or narrative structure.
BAD While not wholly unrealistic, it is so untenable as to put off all but the slightly sympathetic.
BAD It looks and feels like a contrived stage play, and a fundamental lack of credibility in the premise makes it difficult to care about anything that happens.
BAD There's a difference between exposing misogyny and crassly exploiting it.
FAIR When faced with his wife's infidelity, Colin (Ray Winstone) enlists his gang of aging pub-crawlers to kidnap, torture and (possibly) kill her younger lover. 44 Inch Chest takes the typical British gangster film and turns it into a David Mamet-ish c
GOOD ...this is a thought provoking bit of cinema, as long as you know what you are getting into.
BAD A great evening at the theatre, maybe. It has enough straight to-camera emotion and anecdote to provide clips for a wealth of acting awards nominations, but too rarely feels like a movie.
BAD Aiming for black comedy and a redemptive satire on self-deluding male machismo, ham fisted debut director Malcolm Venville instead gives his cast enough rope to hang themselves rather than the characters they play.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest is an actor's movie, a chamber piece that spends most of its time in one room, where much is said and little done. It feels like a violent film, although hardly any violence is seen, rather, violence is endlessly discussed.
FAIR Without a crack cast, attempting to pull off a film with such a static, contemplative plot would have been impossible. They succeed, just about, but at times it feels like a dangerous game.
BAD It talks the talk - in fact, it talks and talks and talks the talk. But the walk isn't happening.
FAIR Hard as Winstone visibly tries, he can't stop them stealing the movie, a plum actors' piece which both gains and loses points by soberly stalling its own plot. A thoughtful anticlimax is ... well, still an anticlimax.
FAIR Not a laugh riot, but neither is it played for melodrama.
GOOD It's graceful in presenting its ideas, and what emerges is not a polemic but a kind of snapshot of modern-day concerns.
FAIR At times Let It Rain recalls one of those Katharine Hepburn comedies where the New Woman gets cut down to size so as not to intimidate the Old-School Men. Yet the film so likably deflates the pompous and pumps up the humble that it's hard not to like.
FAIR A movie in which everyone was this disappointed, and nobody changed, would be a very sad film, and that's not Jaoui's intent. She's not a cynic but a humanist and, by the end of the film, most of these people have taken some steps toward change.
BAD It's all a little insular and very conversational, but the setting is cozy and the performances all pleasantly low-key.
FAIR May not be funny in a ha-ha sense, but it gave me an amused open-mouthed appreciation of life's absurdities, including unanticipated nuisances like bad weather.
FAIR The performances are excellent, even if none of the characters are all that likeable or involving. Bacri and Debbouze make an intriguing double act.
FAIR Low-key and ruefully well-observed, France's Let It Rain is nevertheless too slight to make much impact.
FAIR While her focus has drifted away from the upper middle class, Jaoui's sensibility remains rather middlebrow; there's the distinct feeling that she's preaching solely, albeit with impressive subtlety, to the same bourgie choir as before.
FAIR Agnes Jaoui y Jean-Pierre Bacri vuelven a proponer una comedia agridulce que, tras una apariencia de liviandad, encierra un retrato sensible y certero de algunas miserias humanas perfectamente reconocibles.
GOOD This is not the rat-a-tat-tat of comic one-liners, but rather an amiable amble, brimming with charm.
FAIR click for full review
GOOD Touching on everything from family to fidelity, politics to prejudice, this is a slice of dystopic domesticity that captures the disappointments of life and the little joys that make it worthwhile.
FAIR While the genial comic tone and steady torrent of sharp one-liners and social faux pas are effortlessly carried forward from her past work, this is a more subtle, contemplative and mature film.
FAIR You can blame the government, the bourgeoisie, women or the weather, but in the end Jaoui's ensemble comedy, for all its sophisticated wit and note-perfect performances, is washed out by an overwhelming slightness.
BAD But it is a disappointment: a loose, unfocused rag-bag of ideas. Its filmic muscle tone lacks definition; it is flabby.
FAIR This gentle lancing of the foibles and pretensions of the French bougeoisie couldn't get more Gallic if it was sprinkled with garlic and ran off with the next-door-neighbour.
FAIR Rooted in richly played, likeable characters, this modest set-up percolates with smart, urbane humour, with Jaoui still finding time for some broad set-piece chuckles.
GOOD French writer-director Agnes Jaoui's comedy of manners takes on issues of class, race and loyalty, but in such a charming, offhand way that one hardly notices them being raised.
GOOD It tells you more about human nature than a dozen more portentous movies and is a rare delight to savour from a unique and exceptionally talented film-maker.
FAIR Watchable, well acted and occasionally amusing French drama, though it's not as emotionally satisfying as Jaoui's previous films.
FAIR There are several intriguing themes gurgling around this comical drama, but it's so rambling and loose that nothing really comes together. Even so, the solid acting keeps us interested, and the potent issues keep us thinking.
FAIR Like her earlier films, [Jaoui] has turned kvetching and fumbling conversations into an art form.
BAD A question: If you spend an entire career chronicling power relationships among the incurably self-absorbed, is that not in itself a form of self-absorption?
FAIR A lot more fun thatn you expect going in. Burrows has seldom been more watchable.
BAD Girl In Progress does have potential but unfortunately it gives into the stereotypes of many female Spanish characters.
FAIR a pleasant surprise
BAD ... as amateurish as a second-rate, high-school drama club.
BAD As rites of passage go, Girl in Progress is a step backward for the genre.
BAD Contrived and cliche-filled, culminating in a predictable conclusion.
BAD Less a misfire than a missed opportunity, Girl In Progress squanders its time in high school, neglecting the mother-daughter story that forms its more interesting core.
FAIR Coming-of-age story cautions against forcing adulthood.
BAD It never gives us a character we truly care about, or a consistent reason for watching.
BAD What is this movie? Is it meant to be heartwarming? Funny? Satirical? Moving?
BAD While Girl In Progress isn't a bad film, it just isn't good enough to really say anything all that meaningful about the task of becoming an adult in a challenging world.
FAIR Girl in Progress is an old story about a young girl told in a smart way, and that's something you don't see every day, no matter how many times you think you've seen it before.
BAD Girl in Progress seems like a work in progress.
FAIR The direction ... doesn't do justice to the fairly novel concept of a young woman consciously constructing her own coming-of-age scenario.
BAD A comedy-drama that veers between silly and serious but can't reconcile the opposing tones.
BAD Smart girls do stupid things, there's no doubt about it. But Ansiedad's bad behavior is supposed to be both faux and earnest, a premise that doesn't jell.
FAIR Even in all its movie-cuteness, Girl in Progress keeps its feet on the ground just enough to keep you watching.
FAIR Does it pull out all the melodramatic stops toward the end? Does it resolve its many climactic crises too neatly and too sweetly? Yes on both counts. But, then again, what did you expect?
FAIR A well-done, conscientious and funny little film that recalls "Clueless," only with more heart.
FAIR It plays with the idea that all rebellion is in some sense performed and makes a caricature out of the immature, attention-hungry mother, but it never liberates its characters from their molds.
FAIR Well-intentioned discussion points for Mother's Day.
BAD Can a single tone-deaf, wince-inducing joke, even one that's repeated, kill a movie? No. Not a good film. But a marginal one that has trouble finding its tone? Let's just say wisecracks about spouse abuse don't help this one.
BAD Attention, women! You should never sleep with a man whose only attribute is that you want to sleep with him. I should write a book of my own.
BAD This is being marketed as an ideal film for moms and daughters to see together on Mother's Day weekend. A long, awkward brunch sounds more fun -- and more truthful.
FAIR ... when Girl in Progress works, it's a thoughtful trip -- no matter how broad some of its missteps are...
FAIR There's little to complain about here, but there's also little to cheer about. Benignly enjoyable during viewing, the production ultimately takes too few risks.
BAD Riggen's lethargic direction, which favors a monotonous procession of static, centrally framed compositions, doesn't help matters in the slightest.
BAD Girl in Progress operates like a training-wheels melodrama for genre-uneducated tweens.
BAD Not well thought-out and a genuine disappointment for all its visibility in the popular conversation
BAD ...a movie based on an ending. And if you can't figure out that ending ten minutes into the movie, you aren't paying attention.
BAD The film was a typical seventies sci-fi effort, scientifically illiterate and unimaginatively composed.
FAIR A sluggishly directed look at life and death in the 21st century.
FAIR This futuristic thriller just seems to keep getting better with age. An entertaining sci-fi flick done before special effects took over the genre.
BAD Their 21st-century New York occasionally is frightening but it is rarely convincingly real.
BAD The future never looked as retro...
FAIR It's quite an amusing movie.
BAD The SNL skits are better
FAIR A stoic Heston, a nice turn for Robinson, and see-through ironies.
BAD It would have made a great episode of The Twilight Zone, but feature length is too much for its premise.
GOOD Great sci-fi with a surprisingly environmentalist message -- you have to wonder if Heston paid close attention.
FAIR A thought-provoking movie that is still relevant with the many environmental concerns that are out there now.
GOOD As a science fiction film that relies more on viewers' intelligence than special effects, it represents something that is sorely missed in today's Hollywood.
FAIR Classic science fiction that is well-worth seeing.
GOOD Even in a chilly movie like this, deaths have resonance (whether they're on camera, or off).
GOOD Hal Ashby's satirical parable on the way the USA surrenders itself to homespun evangelicalism gives Peter Sellers the role of a lifetime.
GOOD A Gumpish plot? Perhaps, but Being There is much more subtle and enigmatic than that.
GOOD Amazingly poignant performance by Peter Sellers.
BAD a product not of Ashby's essential modesty but of Kosinski's essential egoism.
GOOD If you are going to see only one Peter Sellers movie, see Dr. Strangelove, but if you're going to see two, then Being There also belongs on your must-see list.
FAIR While the story is utterly ridiculous, since not everyone would be fooled all the time, it still works as a charming work of fiction.
FAIR Ground Zero for the cult of Sellers.
GOOD A placid, poignant, well-kept secret of a movie.
GOOD Whether Being There is an indictment of our narrow view of the world, a celebration of empty-headedness or all of the above, "Life is a state of mind," and Ashby's film is a gift to treasure. [Blu-ray]
GOOD ...one of the shrewdest, funniest, and most touching sociopolitical satires in movie history.
GOOD So anti-Tom Hanks it ain't funny.
GOOD Peter Sellers' peculiar talents are ideally suited to the role of the idiot savant, and despite the Oscar going to co-star Douglas, his is the standout performance of a fascinating, funny film.
GOOD Jerzy Kosinski's modern fable gets a terrific translation to the screen due to his tight screenplay, capable direction by Ashby, and a marvelous performance by Sellers, one unlike any other in his career.
GOOD Brilliant Ashby classic, Peter Sellers' best.
GOOD a vital statement on our TV reality, on how we develop our heroes, and on how power perpetuates itself
GOOD Sellers' best
FAIR sellers is the book
GOOD Sellers at his most restrained -- and he's superb
GOOD One of those movies that always seems fresh and relevant. In fact, this is one instance where the work seems more relevant to our own era than it did during its own time
GOOD Everything Forrest Gump should have been and wasn't.
GOOD Peter Sellers absolutely shines in one of the 1970's finest comedies.
GOOD Satire is a threatened species in American film, and when it does occur, it's usually broad and slapstick, as in the Mel Brooks films. Being There, directed by Hal Ashby, is a rare and subtle bird that finds its tone and stays with it.
GOOD The overall tone is one of light drama, and it's only through its situations that it becomes a sly, witty statement on society, politics and pop culture.
GOOD The strength of Eastwood's Bridges is in its patience, and how it lets the love story develop from start to finish, even though the audience knows from the beginning the broad strokes of what's going to happen.
GOOD With Eastwood as Kincaid and Meryl Streep as Francesca, this carefully observant love story turns Waller's pop-lit passion into screen art.
FAIR Bridges is an admirable achievement, one that probably does more to reposition its maker as someone who can carry a movie without carrying a gun than as the director/star of a Love Story for the Loving Care set.
FAIR Those who found Waller's book an outrageously bad read may be gratefully surprised to find less mush in the movie.
GOOD Beautifully photographed and directed with an intimate maturity, the film reveals its characters in an unhurried way, thus making the audience accomplices in the unfolding liaison.
GOOD The result, if rather thin and certainly far from a masterpiece, is nevertheless quite lovely. This affecting little film is easily one of Eastwood's best efforts as a director.
GOOD Eastwood's Bridges has the energy and spontaneity of a picture that was shot quickly. And that serves the material well, because it removes the solemnity that could stiffle a modern classic.
FAIR The Bridges of Madison County is as good as it is because of its performances. It's as bad as it is because of its source.
FAIR Still one of Hollywood's most assured directors, Clint Eastwood transcends the story's cliches with a classically restrained yet steadily imaginative filmmaking style.
GOOD Streep and Eastwood's chemistry makes the film.
GOOD The film is good enough; Streep is the X-factor that makes it excellent.
FAIR Little happens here apart from a long, slow buildup to sentimentalized coitus, but there's no denying the sheer screen presence of these two 500-lb. gorillas of pop culture.
FAIR An unlikely choice as director and producer, it's thanks to Eastwood's relatively thin sentimental streak that the film doesn't fall headlong into a lagoon of schmaltz.
GOOD Perhaps the only time in history a movie was far better than its source material
GOOD ...an old-fashioned love story for adults.
FAIR This didn't pain me anywhere near as much as I thought it would. A money-grab, surely, and Clint's weird bush story is very awkward, but generally charming enough for a date with a boring person.
GOOD Atmospheric love story with Eastwood and Streep in great form.
FAIR Eastwood can do no wrong in my eyes ... but he came dangerously close with this one.
FAIR Better than the book.
GOOD Outstanding drama. Actually makes a case for adultery. You really feel for them and get sucked into this quiet world.
FAIR Eastwood's Robert Kincaid -- made out in the book to be some sort of quasi-mythical cross between the Marlboro Man and Ralph Waldo Emerson -- is toned down so much as to be almost uncompelling.
FAIR Considering the turgid potboiler it's based on, we should be grateful Eastwood achieved as much as he did.
FAIR A more than solid piece of entertainment that proves that romance isn't dead after all.
GOOD A dizzy, dusty masterpiece
FAIR What the movie does that the book couldn't do is tap into the poignancy that comes of seeing two stars who used to be young and beautiful suddenly looking very mortal.
GOOD I've seen the movie twice now and was even more involved the second time, because I was able to pay more attention to the nuances of voice and gesture.
GOOD The Bridges of Madison County is a beautiful film, not only in the way it was photographed, but for the manner through which the characters are revealed to us.
BAD Utter pap, redeemed only by the professionalism of its stars in sub-standard material.
GOOD Respect to Clint for putting his cojones on the line to make a 'chick flick,' and utmost respect to him for pulling it off with aplomb.
GOOD Bridges is another example of Eastwood's remarkable economy of style as both a director and an actor. It is neither his best work nor his worst, though it is a fascinating exploration.
FAIR If Son were as strong in its storytelling as its characters are in their convictions, it would be more than well-acted political soap.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
GOOD Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
FAIR Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
GOOD An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
GOOD And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
GOOD Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
GOOD At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
GOOD A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
GOOD An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
GOOD Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
GOOD Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
GOOD Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
GOOD At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
GOOD Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
GOOD It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
BAD Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
GOOD Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
GOOD More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
BAD ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
GOOD Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
FAIR I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
FAIR Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
FAIR Woody Allen's altar is the art of filmmaking, and Stardust Memories is his crisis of faith.
FAIR A disappointing outing, despite its many laughs and inside jokes.
GOOD An overlooked Woody Allen gem
BAD It's the first Woody Allen film in which impotence has become the situation rather than the problem. This is a movie about a guy who has given up.
GOOD Invokes the mood of an early Fellini film as it swirls through the troubled recollections of a film director, played by Mr. Allen.
GOOD Woody Allen does Fellini -- and the result is one of his best films.
GOOD Woody Allen rips off 8 1/2, and the results are often funny and visually intriguing.
BAD Woody the pretentious; has some moments, but overall it's too self-conscious.
GOOD It is a fairly brutal and stylized account of the miseries of a famous comedian/director.
FAIR Um curioso e atipico suspense que traz Sheen em uma performance impecavelmente repulsiva e que tambem se beneficia da atuacao assustadora de Foster, que, com apenas 13 anos, ja se mostrava uma atriz completa.
BAD the concept was rife with possibilities that could synergize with Graynor's fresh appeal as well as her rising-star status. Neither the possibilities nor the synergy happens, mainly due to an underdeveloped story.
FAIR Sure, there's some ribald humor, and the subject matter is clearly edgy. However, it's really a sweet story of friendship wrapped in a sexy package.
BAD If there's one thing more annoying than the dumb mainstream sex comedy, it's the dumb mainstream sex comedy that has aspirations towards indie funk.
FAIR Colourful direction and sparky performances help make this friendship comedy watchable, although it never seems like a finished film.
BAD The film keeps trying to be filthy and outrageous, but is actually rather timid.
FAIR Disarmingly sweet, defending the girls' enterprise and friendship in the face of all judgment.
BAD Has emotional authenticity and a decent laugh quotient, but overall enjoyment is marred by general ridiculous and unresolved sub-plots.
FAIR Earns points for focusing on the central female friendship and for its refreshingly frank and breezy attitude to sex, though it's slightly let down by a late-arriving plot development that fails to fully convince.
BAD Think American Pie (without the sight gags) meets Sex and the City (without the gloss) and you've got this, a girls-on-top comedy that's all spit and no polish.
BAD Watching [Travis] add his kitschy touch to such a witless, faux-edgy movie can only be described as a Travis-ty.
FAIR For A Good Time delivers, yes, exactly that.
BAD [It] sports such a puppy-ish desire to be liked, but for a really good time, you'd be better off just watching Bridesmaids again.
FAIR The idea that phone sex workers can turn out to be quite different than their disembodied voices imply might be worth exploring by a more earnest, diligent and engaged intelligence than whatever drove this project.
GOOD The two charmingly funny leads and smart, timely dialogue are what make the film work; bottom line, calling upon this comedy flick will definitely result in a good time.
FAIR While the film still earns a recommendation, a better buildup and a few more potent gags might have elevated this from bridesmaid status in the comedy genre to Bridesmaids status as an across-the-board hit.
FAIR Graynor confidently graduates from best-friend roles to a witty, wise-cracking and hilariously sexy leading lady.
BAD A phoned-in sex comedy that arrives with all the charm and warmth of a wrong number
BAD Consistently tries too hard, one-upping itself with mostly unfunny vulgarity while paying little attention to plot or believable character development.
FAIR The movie gets a lot of mileage out of the appeal of its two stars. Miller and Graynor work well together and cultivate an authentic, even touching, relationship.
BAD There's a difference between comedy and behavior. For a Good Time, Call... aims for the former but mostly contains the latter.
FAIR The film is worth seeing for the humor and for its high level of energy, but it falls short of being the "complete package."
FAIR Graynor has delivered reliable comedic backup before, stealing the show in Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist and the otherwise dreckful What's Your Number?. Here, she's second to no one.
BAD The film (a) is not recommended for the prudish and (b) does not live up to its title.
FAIR A shallow movie with nothing new besides than the exalatation of the bonds of female friendship.
BAD The film is a wobbly attempt to follow in the stilettos of "Bridesmaids," but its tissue-sharp punch lines and undernourished characters fall woefully short.
FAIR This hot-pink and leopard-print take on a familiar formula is so energetic and self-assured that it powers past its predictability.
BAD I watched "For a Good Time" with horror at how awful it is.
BAD For a good time, don't.
BAD Director Jamie Travis is content to keep FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL... at a sitcom level, set in a squeaky-clean, good-natured New York.
FAIR Smutty, salacious female relationship comedy, appealing to the libidinous 'Sex and the City' and 'Bridesmaids' crowd.
GOOD Knock-out courtroom drama has deft comic touches.
GOOD Stagey yes, but powerful Tracy and March acting + subject matter make this a must see.
GOOD Absorbing, if long-winded courtroom drama bolstered by two fine central performances from Tracy and March.
GOOD An all time classic
BAD Director Kramer at his most unbearably high-minded and ostentatious
GOOD Extraordinarly vivid, rich, and wise about the core questions of how we know and who we are.
FAIR A most worthwhile film, if for no other reason, because it provides a great opportunity to watch Tracy and March go at it in a most entertaining fashion.
FAIR Producer-director Stanley Kramer ably handles the incendiary material visually, making good use of deep focus and careful compositions
GOOD Inherit the Wind is well crafted and can entertain even the most jaded of modern audiences.
BAD A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
GOOD a totally immersive experience
FAIR A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions. How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
GOOD Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
FAIR It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
FAIR Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future. The samurai will not be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
FAIR An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
BAD Good, but a bit of a snorer.
GOOD Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
FAIR The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
FAIR Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't make 'em like they used to.'
GOOD Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
GOOD [R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
GOOD Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
FAIR The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
FAIR A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
FAIR Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control. In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
GOOD Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
BAD Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
FAIR This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never fully willing to indulge.
FAIR An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.
FAIR Buoyed by terrific performances from Irrfan Kahn and the tremendous Tabu, the film is a bit homogenized but does a good job of exploring the dynamics of blending foreign cultures with American ways of life.
BAD lacks focus and never quite finds its footing
FAIR This movie is not bad, I just couldn't connect with it. The Namesake is poignant (I cried once) and spans many years with grace and great acting, but it may be beyond my ken to truly appreciate as it deserves.
GOOD What holds it together are the subtle loving performances by Tabu and Khan, both Bollywoood stars. They never overplay, never spell out what can be said in a glance or a shrug, communicate great passion very quietly.
GOOD Mira Nair's film is called The Namesake which immediately focuses our attention toward the value of names and naming (and that theme is explored occasionally within the film), but to slip even further down the rabbit hole, the more intriguing area of disc
GOOD A magnificent meditation on what it might mean for many immigrants to be American in the 21st Century.
FAIR A fascinating and gripping drama on the search for identity...
GOOD Fabulous immigrant-family saga to see with teens.
FAIR This is a film made with obvious care and affection, both for the specifics of the story and the broader society it depicts.
GOOD Una pelicula fresca, reveladora, emotiva, graciosa, encantadora, que se disfruta como un viaje o como un viejo libro que nos han dejado guardado para abrir, por primera vez, en el momento justo.
GOOD intelligent and moving
FAIR When The Namesake ends, one feels as though one has lived with the characters instead of just watching them.
FAIR Nair obviously cares deeply about these people and, through her sensitive storytelling, she persuades the audience to make an emotional investment in them as well.
GOOD Nair may have bitten off more than she -- or anyone -- could chew with this sprawling narrative, but she's done as right by it as possible.
FAIR Bollywood stars Tabu and Khan are excellent as Gogol's concerned parents, and Taraporevala is patient enough to allow their characters to build a real relationship from the ground up.
GOOD This poignant tale resonates wherever you are placed in the world.
GOOD The performances are formidable and moving, and there's much to be gleaned about the natural, universal clash between generations and between cultures.
FAIR Penn is just wrong for it.
FAIR There were many moments when I found myself wanting to refer to the book to find out what really happened.
GOOD Because the film has a lot of ground to cover in a short time, it offers linear, literal and sometimes stilted representations of the book's elegant interior voice.
GOOD This is a very good movie.
GOOD The movie might be perceived as being a little slow but it's surprisingly engrossing, and the occasional bits of humor are welcome and in keeping with the tone of the entire piece.
FAIR The end result hits the right notes, but with insufficient force.
GOOD Sweeping and intimate at once.
GOOD The Namesake delivers such a tactile presence that it's difficult not to leave feeling as if you've just struggled through a New York winter, attended an Indian wedding, and returned from a Calcutta holiday.
GOOD Director Mira Nair is in her element here, ... celebrating her native India and its cross-connections with America.
GOOD ...a wonderful movie.
FAIR Mira Nair is the sort of talent we take for granted, discovering it all over again when she has a new film.
GOOD A rewarding adaptation of a well-regarded book.
FAIR It's good to know nominal lead Kal Penn now has something more substantial on his resume than Harold & Kumar Get The Munchies
FAIR This Indian immigrant family saga is a pleasant watch, but given the emotive source novel, it's surprisingly superficial.
FAIR The Ganguli's become real people; we experience with the Ganguli's the joy of life and the pain of death and all that comes in between -- nothing earth-shattering, but altogether true.
FAIR Kal Penn can actually ACT. Who knew?
GOOD As rich, fulfilling and complex as a traditional Indian meal.
GOOD This is a wonderful movie.
GOOD A moving generational drama focusing on a Bengali family but searingly universal in its subtle, tender grasp of love, regret and the search for identity.
GOOD The best mix in his directorial career between typical Spielbergian flourishes of audience-friendly spectacle and seriousness of intent.
FAIR Beautiful, but lacking WWII saga about a boy.
GOOD Spielberg...displays a progressive and sophisticated awareness of issues of class and race that may be viewed as an apology for the casual imperialist and racist assumptions of his Indiana Jones series.
GOOD One of Spielberg's best films, yet seldom shown.
GOOD Christian Bale's debut is a doozy.
GOOD Empire of the Sun is not as graphic as the hellish worlds of Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan, but Spielberg doesn't sugarcoat the horrors of war.
GOOD There are many glorious moments here.
GOOD If you've ever wondered where the Spielberg of Schindler's List came from, look no further than this underappreciated gem - the first real sign that he was more than just a generator of warm fuzzies.
FAIR A film that verges on greatness, but -- due to occasional shallowness -- falls somewhat short.
GOOD Looking beyond Spielberg's self-indulgence... Empire of the Sun is a gem about a kid trying to find his way all by his lonesome.
FAIR The movie is always interesting from a narrative point of view. Spielberg is a good storyteller with a good tale to tell. But it never really adds up to anything.
FAIR Good-looking but hollow.
BAD If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
BAD a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
FAIR It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
BAD It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
BAD The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
BAD A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
BAD Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
FAIR By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
BAD Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
BAD It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
BAD A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
BAD After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
BAD While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
FAIR But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
BAD Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
FAIR Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
GOOD Though it garnered little attention in theaters, it has become a cult favorite on video.
GOOD As an absurdist take on conspiracy thrillers, it's close to brilliant -- assuming you get the joke, which audiences don't seem to have in 1979.
GOOD Bizarre, fascinating political assassination satire with superb cast
GOOD Winter Kills" isn't exactly a comedy, but it's funny. And it isn't exactly serious, but it takes on the serious business of the Kennedy assassination.
GOOD A real cult classic, this reimagining of the Kennedy assassination asks what might have gone down in an alternate and very similar universe.
BAD It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
FAIR Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
FAIR Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
GOOD Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
GOOD It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
FAIR A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
BAD For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
BAD Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
BAD You know your heart's meant to ache because of the musical motif that actually sounds like plucking on heartstrings.
FAIR I was unprepared for the transcendent final moments, which left me suddenly and unexpectedly in tears.
FAIR This is a gentle, well-observed drama with a very likeable performance from Marsan.
FAIR I was intrigued by the prospect of the always-compelling Eddie Marsan playing a dull south London council funeral administrator in Still Life.
FAIR Sombre and understated to a fault, but it also contains several quietly affecting moments, most of which are complemented by a beautiful score by Rachel Portman.
FAIR It is a sad, muted film, speckled with many poignant and shrewd little visual touches about what solitude feels like.
BAD The presence of the great Eddie Marsan can't save this ponderous and sentimental Brit film about death and dying.
GOOD Beautifully crafted and exquisitely observed with an outstanding performance from Eddie Marsan in the lead.
FAIR With his charming second feature, writer-director-producer Uberto Pasolini has created a potent and poignant exploration of love and death, solitude and the breakdown of community.
BAD Marsan's technical precision as an actor is formidable, and he's wonderful to watch. But when the material's synthetic, as it is here, you wish Marsan could bust loose at the expense of the movie's obsessively orderly nature.
FAIR Admittedly, it's a predictable storyline, as exciting to watch as it is to read, saved only by Eddie Marsan, who is absolutely superb as the large-hearted loner.
FAIR A soulful if obvious meditation on lives lived unshared, and one man's dedication to righting those wrongs while neglecting his own life.
GOOD Still Life offers up much bittersweet comfort and joy as it reaches a most unexpected close.
GOOD The film ends with a beautiful scene that will tug at your heartstrings.
BAD Eddie Marsan almost makes the equivalent of watching paint dry invigorating in Still Life. Almost.
BAD The film's title says lots about its mood and style, which is heavy on becalmed views of rooms, objects like an apple peel and office utensils, and May's glazed gazes at nothing in particular.
FAIR Pasolini has a gem in Marsan, a virtuoso actor who plays the role delicately where another might have laid on the pathos too thick.
BAD As a film, it's not viciously bad, but it's dull. Worse, there's a ludicrous ending designed to elicit an emotional reaction.
BAD Marsan does his best to convey his character's essential decency, but he's hamstrung by Pasolini's insistence on underscoring the emptiness of John's existence at every opportunity.
BAD Still Life constantly threatens to become a better movie ...
FAIR There is humour here, too, and a lightness of touch but this is nevertheless a melancholy movie that mourns the passing of connections even if it does offer some hope.
FAIR The film's fixation on life's quotidian aspects eventually gives way to a rote courtship drama.
FAIR Some may find Still Life too slight on drama and action... But you'd have to have a hard heart to be left completely unmoved by the film's accretion of details of lives left unfinished.
FAIR This is a film that demands patience from a sympathetic audience, but the rewards are considerable.
FAIR If more filmmakers entrusted their projects to actors like Marsan, their movies would be all the better for it.
GOOD Still Life has the sort of quiet poise that has all but disappeared from modern movies, at least those of the West. It's an old-fashioned film in a good way -- almost like an Ealing comedy.
FAIR The art direction is really good in it.
GOOD I've rarely seen the poignancy of death so beautifully captured.
FAIR Contemplative and graceful, it's a showcase for highly watchable English character actor Eddie Marsan.
FAIR There is a static, stoic grace to this picture that is quite unlike anything else in cinemas right now.
FAIR ...it's hard to really dislike a flick in which a beating is administered with a sack full of oranges.
FAIR I was more than 100 miles away from home when I saw this movie, so I wasn't sure if it counted... The more bizarre the situation gets, the funnier it is - with 'movie violence' and classic physical comedy.
FAIR Always quite funny and sometimes even a bit sinister.
FAIR Ambitious, improbable and very violent cop drama.
FAIR The film ends up as shallow as the thankless love interest role Frances McDormand somehow agreed to play here.
GOOD If Rebel Without a Cause were told from the father's perspective, the result would probably be something like City by the Sea.
FAIR We watch an esteemed actor discovering new nuances. In turn, it's a sublime reminder of the qualities that made Robert De Niro great, not a gimmick.
FAIR O Ultimo Suspeito ganha forca ao tambem funcionar em uma esfera adicional: a do drama familiar.
GOOD ...A showcase for excellent acting by some older, established performers and also some newer faces.
BAD ...a dark, brooding, depressing tale, unrelieved by the humor or irony the writer of a fictional story might have brought to the screen.
FAIR Seeing De Niro back in drama is the high point of this uneven, fact-based film.
GOOD Sombre, unpretentious and quietly moving.
FAIR ...worth checking out for the performances.
BAD The final ten minutes is enough to extinguish my fire for the rest.
GOOD The ending is quite refreshing, as a movie that has contrasted the past and the present optimistically looks ahead to the future.
FAIR The burden falls upon the exceptionally fine cast to infuse the familiar material with emotional truth and a sense of urgency.
FAIR a provocative and gutsy thriller, yet it's hard to escape the feeling that it brings up far more issues ... than it can possibly deal with
FAIR That this tale of family woe, resembling the stuff of Greek tragedy, actually happened makes the film absolutely devastating on a certain level.
FAIR A mix of cop-movie cliches and genuinely good acting.
BAD A meandering gabfest.
FAIR City by the Sea is a good film that yearns to be a great one.
FAIR A film that doesn't just support the action to come, but makes it seem inevitable.
FAIR 'De Niro...is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around.'
FAIR By no means dreadful, but too much an exercise in generic cop movie to be genuinely involving. DeNiro deserves better from a film and DeNiro's audience deserves better from him.
BAD I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays.
BAD If the film had only bothered to take it up a few notches and buck the superficial confines of a flavorless crime saga, then this vehicle would have been a lot more appetizing in its zealous state.
BAD Despite DeNiro showing up from time to time, this flick plays like an Afterschool Special written by Richard Price
FAIR Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off, with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film.
FAIR A true drama that seldom gets swept away by melodrama.
BAD The performances deserve mentioning [because]...there is little else that proves worthwhile.
BAD DeNiro's sporting a mullet! What are you gonna do, Detective Bobby, read me my achy-breaky rights?
FAIR It's a run-of-the-mill cop thriller but also a gripping family drama.
BAD While the movie wears its real-life origins like a badge, the real-life LaMarca story has been so rejiggered in the name of drama that any resemblance to provocative but messy and inconclusive reality is purely coincidental.
GOOD Ford, with his Star Wars cachet, was Blade Runner's top-line draw, but it's Hauer's movie all the way, his shimmering "replicant" providing the tonal touchstone for Ridley Scott's severally reworked masterpiece.
GOOD This remains an astonishing achievement: a Dystopian sci-fi epic that is also one of the best film noirs of recent times.
GOOD "Blade Runner is a film set 40 years hence, made in the style of 40 years ago," Ridley Scott said of his celebrated science-fiction noir. Perhaps that other-worldly "retrofitted" look is why it seems ageless, despite being set in 2019.
GOOD Scott's visionary thriller makes the acid rain/neon-drenched Los Angeles of 2019 a far colder, more violent and depressing place.
GOOD Another chance to savour its pure unhurried strangeness, beginning with that bizarre vista of 2019 LA, with four tall buildings mysteriously belching fire-plumes into the night like apocalyptic oil rigs.
FAIR It's a quest movie - where one thing leads mechanically to another to another to another. There are no twists. It's noir only in atmosphere and expressionist lighting schemes.
GOOD The single most immersive and tactile world ever created for the cinema.
GOOD Perhaps on its deepest level, "Blade Runner" explores ... a theme as old as Genesis and the myth of Prometheus, and iterated in "Paradise Lost," Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein," and in Blake's arcane, visionary mythology.
BAD So it goes in this kind of romantic nonsense that isn't too different in essential content from the four-hankie movies of the nineteen-thirties and forties.
GOOD French film about two adventuresome youth who go into training for the end of the world
BAD Though amicable and funny, it might disappoint those expecting a film more ambitious and layered from the praise of the [Directors' Fortnight] jury.
GOOD Some films exist in a vacuum. Others, like Le rayon vert, the fifth tale in Eric Rohmer's Comedies and Proverbs series, are destined to have a seismic impact on the cinema that comes after it.
GOOD A perspicaciously empathetic study of solitude, depression and anxiety.
GOOD A lovely, gentle film.
GOOD A film which is at once nothing and everything.
GOOD What might easily feel loose and inconsequential ends up feeling like sly magic.
FAIR It's as if we ourselves are observing life, learning and evolving with Delphine.
GOOD Now here's a summer movie to get excited about.
GOOD Eric Rohmer's comedy, one of his best, follows a lonely Parisian secretary as her quest for a transcendent July vacation becomes stalled in misadventure and self-doubt.
BAD Stay awake through this 90-minute exercise in conceitedness (which presumably tells us how the modern world makes us all sad and pathetic) and you'll be rewarded with... well, with nothing. Congrats, more meaningless cinema under your belt.
GOOD Also known as The Green Ray; by any name, this rose would smell as sweet. An all-time-great film that feels like a romance even though, I suppose, it isn't.
GOOD Summer initially seems slight, but it's a movie of uncommon sensitivity and emotional reserves.
GOOD French New Wave director Eric Rohmer has always had a particular talent for transforming even the most inconsequential stories into fascinating portraits of the difficulties of choice and the moral complexity of making decisions.
FAIR If Eric Rohmer were basing a film on your diary, he would only use the entries where you observe that nothing much happened. He is interested in the times between the big moments, the times when boredom and disenchantment set in.
GOOD It's a wild, unruly mess of rampant emotions, and yes, some of them are painful, but there's a great deal of warmth and love here too. It's a truly wonderful movie.
GOOD Brie Larson is superb in this brilliant exploration of life in a short term care facility where troubled teens try to find a way to survive in the care of compassionate men and women.
GOOD Short is all nuanced performances bathed in sumptuous Californian sunlight: its realism is reflected in its lo-fi aesthetic and naturalistic cinematography.
GOOD Cretton is able to leap tall towers of everyday humour and humanity and then suddenly drop you into a pit of total, gut-wrenching sadness in a single bound.
GOOD Short Term 12 is the kind of cinematic rollercoaster that will make your heart swell one moment and leave you in tears the next. It's simply unmissable.
GOOD Short Term 12 offers the most concrete proof yet that Brie Larson will be with us long-term.
GOOD a monumental work of compassion
GOOD There's an 'American' quality to its social conscience that I cannot recall perceiving in any other recent film.
GOOD An unexpectedly moving character study about welfare and painful upbringings.
GOOD A powerful and passionate film that presents its flawed characters in an honest and heartbreaking fashion that will be hard to forget.
GOOD Sufferers of 'Stendhal syndrome' - that singularly wonderful and hopelessly human disorder in which people confronted with particularly beautiful artworks become dizzy and often faint - beware.
FAIR Brie Larson is very impressive as the caring, funny supervisor whose own demons threaten to engulf her.
FAIR The performances, too, are uniformly splendid, especially from Brie Larson as Grace and John Gallagher as Mason.
GOOD There are so many pitfalls, and it seems like every TV movie version of the story falls into all of them at the same time. But in Short Term 12, writer-director Destin Cretton manages to skillfully step over all of them.
GOOD Sacramento native Brie Larson gives one of the best performances of the year in Short Term 12, an affecting drama from writer-director Dustin Cretton.
GOOD ...an engaging, emotional little drama that bodes well for Cretton's future endeavors.
FAIR Crettin's script delivers warm, humorous dialogue and his direction a wealth of naturalistic performances, chief among them Larson's understated, incandescent turn as Grace.
FAIR The film's climax feels a little rushed and overwrought, but the movie's real resonance is its exploration of empathy and vocation.
GOOD Cretton is not afraid to be uncool; he embraces the strong emotions that scare some indie filmmakers and that scar -- in some cases literally -- his young characters. The result is a movie that is passionate, compassionate and has the ring of truth.
FAIR At times Short Term 12 seems uncertain where it's going, but this matches the circumstances of both staff and residents.
GOOD A wonderfully authentic film about the families built from the fragments of broken homes
GOOD Brie Larson (21 Jump Street) is outstanding in the leading, tripled-edged role of Grace.
GOOD Documentary-style authenticity gives this understated drama a real kick as it explores the fallout of child abuse from an angle we'd never expect.
FAIR incidents seem more idealized than authentic
GOOD The kids are sensitively drawn, if a little pick-and-mix in terms of their issues and ethnicities, and the whole movie breathes with kindness and intelligence.
FAIR Short Term 12 thrives on the dangerous chemistry between its young, talented actors.
FAIR As a stepping stone for both Larson and Cretton, it leaves you tantalised as to what they'll do next.
FAIR Short Term 12 wants to shine a light on these under-paid, under-valued figures and cheats, just a little, to get the job done.
BAD Well intentioned, but somehow inauthentic.
GOOD Larson is one to watch.
GOOD A barnstorming performance from Brie Larson is the reason to see this bittersweet drama of damaged teens.
FAIR There are perceptive scenes and abrasive moments. But there's also a soapy need to launder every problem into a happy or "closured" denouement.
FAIR This is a walk through familiar territory, but it wins you over step by step.
BAD At no point does anyone in the film even vaguely resemble an actual 21st-century teenager; when these kids text each other, it comes across like science fiction.
BAD A gospel-driven cross of Precious and Rent, only set in a sleepy Southern town that time forgot instead of New York City.
BAD Director Patrik-Ian Polk makes the ending a little too pat, but he makes us root for these characters to be happy, and for their world to be a better place.
BAD Anything that can go wrong, will - often in spectacular fashion.
BAD The film is, like its main character, too naive to understand or, at least, to deploy the reparative powers of camp.
GOOD Quite possibly the greatest romantic comedy since Some Like It Hot.
FAIR Reiner wants to maintain the sitcom sense of comfort and familiarity; he creates types that we somehow already know, slightly out-of-focus images in which we can see ourselves and our friends.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally pleasantly affirms the institution of marriage while showing how difficult it is to achieve a lasting one.
GOOD The summer's uncorseted, unqualified delight.
GOOD What knocks it out of the park is the combination of Ephron's insights and Reiner's matchless comic chops.
GOOD The fake-orgasm-in-a-deli set piece propelled Ryan into stratospheric stardom, but there are numerous other pleasures to be found in Nora Ephron's Oscar-nominated screenplay and Rob Reiner's astute direction.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally is funny and likable, but it will be a torture chamber for anxious singles.
FAIR If you love vintage Woody Allen, you'll like the nouveau Rob Reiner.
FAIR During the slow passages, I wondered to what extent the film's creators are aware of its Woodyisms, and to what degree they feel guilty about ripping Allen off.
FAIR ...a better-than-average romantic comedy that remains just as relevant now as it did in 1989...
FAIR Director Rob Reiner has a killer instinct for setting up jokes and punchlines, and is vastly aided by the performances and chemistry of Crystal and Ryan, as well as crisp supporting work from Carrie Fisher and Bruno Kirby.
GOOD Reiner's film breaks the romantic-comedy mold because it's not so much about Harry and Sally as it is about men and women.
GOOD What keeps the momentum going, despite the story's predictability, is the dialogue and the chemistry, which makes for a high-wire act.
GOOD A classic romantic comedy.
BAD Overrated nonsense about two people who would never date in real life.
BAD Much valued in some corners, but found downright painful in this one.
FAIR What Harry and Sally do -- the true focus of this often funny but amazingly hollow film -- is saunter through the romanticized lives of intelligent, successful, neurotic New Yorkers.
GOOD The best romantic comedy ever made.
GOOD Meg Ryan-Billy Crystal romantic comedy is hard not to like.
GOOD This film is pure fun from start to end, and it made me want to be in love again.
GOOD The writing and direction plays with the [romantic comedy] form and your expectations alike throughout, and with such good performances the film makes for a deliciously prickly ride with laugh-out-loud moments and scenes that resonate through the story.
GOOD takes its time in exploring the long, sometimes bumpy, and often comical process by which two people might discover they are in love
GOOD We have to give When Harry Met Sally... credit for what it did: Make one of the few romance films that bears any kind of truth without also being a dark comedy.
GOOD The script is an excellent breakdown of timeless conversations between the sexes...witty repartee between the two leads, and a beautifully constructed love story that is carefully assembled over time, and gently eases you into the wonder of...love.
BAD When Harry Met Sally is alright as a piece of entertainment for a little while, but it is by far Reiner's worst film.
GOOD A sweet, cheerfully vulgar, and often very funny old-fashioned romantic comedy.
GOOD Offers an often humorous, occasionally poignant view of men, women, sex, love, and friendship.
FAIR ...consistently funny, with writing of the 'In a city of 8 million people, I have to run into my ex-wife!' calibre.
GOOD Although probably best known for its show-stopping deli scene where Sally demonstrates how a woman can convincingly fake orgasm, When Harry Met Sally has many other memorable moments that are funny and observant of the peculiarities of the sexes.
GOOD When Harry Met Sally . . . is an adult romantic comedy in a time when we don't get very many, and it has one thing going for it that gives it an enormous boost -- it's very funny.
FAIR What makes it special, apart from the Ephron screenplay, is the chemistry between Crystal and Ryan.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
FAIR The Golden Compass isn't bad, it's cast is too good and it's too well made, but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost, leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself.
BAD I realize that when you make a book into a movie you cannot include every single detail, but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story.
GOOD This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.
FAIR ...if I hadn't liked Pullman's books so much, I probably would have liked this movie version more than I did.
FAIR Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy? Hard to say. But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.
BAD Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy, who would normally be a pick-me-up, but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home.
BAD The Golden Compass should be fun, but it rarely is. It should sweep you away, but it rarely does. For a film suffused with magic, it is, regrettably, far from magical.
BAD No, I didn't read the novel before seeing the film, and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it, either. Made me hate polar bears, and I used to love the darned things, so that's saying something.
BAD Read this review, skip this movie, and instead read the excellent books. Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation.
GOOD A beautiful, thought-provoking fantasy film.
BAD This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.
BAD Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force.
BAD koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima, den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi, poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
FAIR The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...
BAD The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie.
BAD All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
BAD My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt, and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it.
FAIR [Kidman's Mrs. Coulter is] a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact, if she were any more evil, she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann.
BAD Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.
BAD In adapting Pullman's novel, Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex (and controversial) theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot.
FAIR ...the cast is deadly serious, bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions.
BAD The Catholic League thinks it's anti-Catholic. Admirers of Philip Pullman's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book. Me, I just think it blows.
FAIR For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism, at least it's more entertaining than last year's Christian allegory The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
FAIR Exciting and entertaining, although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going.
GOOD Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences, there's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that's unusual in such works.
BAD Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.
BAD ...the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in (and hold the interest of) neophytes.
BAD I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never got into the story. I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.
BAD Wanting to appeal to a broad audience %u2014 especially young teens %u2014 is more than fine. It's admirable. But soulful, philosophical 13-year-olds do exist. They do! And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved.
BAD Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo, this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
FAIR Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set, The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery.
BAD Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate.
GOOD What I enjoyed, besides the visual feast, is its story line clarity, commanding characters both human and not, originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama.
FAIR Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy.
FAIR Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair. It is a decent enough feature, but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it.
GOOD More amazing work from Gondry. If you're interested in a basic narrative, look away; if you prize inventive filmmaking, don't miss it.
GOOD The Science Of Sleep is truly a delight at times, a startlingly original piece of work that's not as accessible as Eternal Sunshine but is every bit as magnificent when in full flow.
GOOD It's kind of weird and very French, but don't let that scare you. The Science of Sleep is well worth your time.
BAD It's not that The Science of Sleep is a terrible film. It's not. It's just that it doesn't operate properly and there's nothing worse than seeing a film in which obvious design and potential is ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR A visual treat from beginning to end.
FAIR Another comic love story that takes us inside a character's psyche, but Kaufman's rock-solid jokes are replaced by whimsy.
FAIR Gondry always manages to maintain a childlike wonder in the magic of creating a moving image, and never is it more evident than in this film.
FAIR It's whimsical to the point of maddening. Bernal does his best, but there's only so much fawning any man can get away with.
BAD It's all lovely to look at, but becomes progressively wearisome.
BAD Dreams are easy to invent, and as easy to forget. The real challenge is to invent stories that have a stake in logic as well as truth.
GOOD A thwarted love story that does not trade in the degraded cliches either of romance or conventional sexiness.
FAIR There's a very thin line between amusingly quirky and just plain pretentious. I'd say this falls somewhere in the middle.
GOOD As the movie progresses, we're presented with one of the best portrayals of the innate awkwardness of first love I can ever remember seeing.
GOOD Beautifully directed, charmingly surreal and genuinely romantic, this is the perfect offbeat date movie and easily one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Mischievous and magical, Gondry's bizarro movie offers visual pearl after visual pearl but no string to tie them together. Ou est Kaufman?
GOOD It suffers occasionally from self-consciousness and over-indulgence in its own oddity, but Gondry's grasp of emotion and visuals is enchanting. Even if he seems several sandwiches short of a picnic.
GOOD Credit should be shared with the leads; together they're silly, giddy, irrepressibly inventive - a lot like the film itself.
FAIR I'm not sure I would have recommended it in the theater %u2013 where you're paying full ticket price and therefore expect a cohesive experience %u2013 but on DVD it's worth a look.
BAD Although it has its moments to delight the eye, in the end the movie is neither very cerebral nor very charming but more like weird and wayward.
FAIR Suffers from weak character development and mashed plot continuity, but offers a handfull of beautiful, fresh imagery to make up for it.
GOOD A sweet, charming, stylish movie that reflects well on the magnificent career of Michel Gondry
GOOD Un spectacle extravagant dont meme les quelques imperfections respirent la grandeur d'un cineaste qui se trouve toujours en pleine possession de ses moyens.
FAIR Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film, deriving humor and pathos from Stephane's difficulties with his waking life.
BAD Writer/director Michael Gondry bets his film that the viewer will be so engrossed in his characters and images, they will not mind having the rug pulled form under them time and again. He loses that bet.
GOOD The Science of Sleep, his latest effort, continues in the same singular direction as its predecessors; simultaneously confounding, fascinating and enchanting, the movie does not quite find the populist pulse that did its predecessor, but as the fir
FAIR As for Bernal and Gainsbourg, they sell their unconventional romance convincingly. And in support, French character actor Alain Chabat steals a couple of scenes as Stephane's piggish co-worker.
GOOD The most strikingly original film to hit movie screens this year -- or practically any other year for that matter.
BAD Maybe Gondry should have put more science in his fantasy of unrequited love, because little about it feels grounded in anything real ... Like most dreams, you're liable to forget about it in the morning.
FAIR Even the most experimental moviegoers, though, may wish for more of a story than what's provided.
FAIR I doubt any other movie of 2006 will inspire as many walkouts as The Science of Sleep, a declaration which in itself should function as a no-holds-barred recommendation for those seeking something unusual in their moviegoing diet.
GOOD If cinematic weirdness is your bread and butter, The Science of Sleep is a feast for the imagination and a triumph of creativity.
GOOD Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism; vivid bold and fearless, the seam of reality is present but you're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions, while taking an established artform to a different level.
FAIR As was famously said, we'll always have Paris. Very few, even the makers of Amelie, have Paris quite like Gondry.
FAIR Gondry fails to come up with a story to support his visual whimsy. But his flights of fancy are intriguing on their own, and his two lead actors captivate throughout.
BAD Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious.
FAIR The movie plays like an exhausted hallucination, disjointed and frustrating, much of it owing to the lack of chemistry Gondry allows between his stars.
GOOD The amount of tragedy delivered by this story would feel abusive if a lesser talent was at its center.
GOOD In a performance as raw and naked as I can recall seeing, Jeon navigates the ebbs and flows of Shin-ae's grief.
GOOD There is a natural tendency to appreciate movies that are neat and concise. "Secret Sunshine" makes a striking argument for the antithesis.
GOOD a wrenching, darkly comic and immersive work
GOOD Profoundly moving, intelligent and unflinching. It boasts a brave, emotionally devastating performance by Jeon Do-yeon.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of prose that is clear, elegant and lyrical.
FAIR [S]low portrait of damaged woman struggling against community expectations reveals universality [in] extraordinary Do-yeon who dramatically shifts gears again [and again].
FAIR It is unlikely you are going to see a more palpable portrayal of grief this year than Jeon Do-yeon's magnificent perfomance as Shin-ae in this Korean drama of the heart.
FAIR Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies.
GOOD There's more truth and wisdom in Secret Sunshine than I've seen at the movies in a long time.
GOOD A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow's journey into the far country of forgiveness.
FAIR Lee has a rare gift for depicting how the minor dissonance of everyday interactions eventually explodes into public displays of rage and despair.
GOOD This fourth film from Lee Chang-dong, one of the leading lights in the new South Korean cinema, begins as a young widow moves to the small town of Milyang, where her late husband was born and where she plans to work as a piano teacher.
FAIR suffers from being too long and meandering too much into the minutiae of Custer's love life
FAIR Endures as one of the finest Flynn-de Havilland collaborations.
GOOD Glorified Custer, sure, but Flynn is spectacular.
FAIR Well-made, but specious.
GOOD Singer, like Tarantino, is less into mining new film themes than in re-inventing old ones. And the way he does so shows full well that there is still a bit of life in the old mob movie yet.
GOOD It's a film that demands to be watched again and again -- this is good old-fashioned pulp fiction told in the slickest 1990s style.
FAIR Give director Bryan Singer credit for providing a plot that is not resolved by an exchange of gunfire, but don't expect the movie's glib punchline to stay with you for very long.
GOOD An imaginative, entertaining crime mystery with plenty of nerve and vigor.
GOOD The then 27-year-old Bryan Singer eclipsed most other '90s crime movies with this brilliantly slippery, cerebral thriller.
GOOD It's a nerve-shredding suspense movie about corruption, a bravura actor's show full of deliciously twisted cops and robbers, and a complex riddle packed with unexpected turns.
GOOD It may ultimately make sense; no one could tell without at least four or five viewings. What is totally commanding, however, is the level of ensemble acting [and] the adroitness of the storytelling.
GOOD A masterpiece of the modern film noir genre, a terrific performance piece for everyone involved and an absolutely outstanding directorial effort.
GOOD While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Anything but usual, Singer's movie is pretty damn near untouchable. Next to this, most other crime films feel petty.
FAIR Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie's tough-guy dialogue and Bryan Singer's crisp direction give the ensemble cast every opportunity to shine, and they do.
BAD Bryan Singer's poker face is worthless at best.
GOOD To many young film buffs, this is where film history begins and ends.
GOOD McQuarrie's script is a scurrying lizard of a yarn, scaly, swift and difficult to follow.
FAIR If ever a movie got extra points for a strong, unexpected conclusion it's The Usual Suspects.
GOOD No one is out of place or out of line here, and that is what makes the final payoff so sweet.
FAIR One of the most ingenious, unpredictable films in recent memory... and one of the biggest cheats.
GOOD It's a real dazzler -- a neo-noir hybrid of a heist and a mystery film that sucks you into a dark world where nothing is what it seems.
FAIR This movie finally isn't anything more than an intricate feat of gamesmanship, but it's still quite something to see.
FAIR It is a complex story, but I found it fun.
GOOD Fantastic ensemble crime thriller with the mystique of an underworld urban legend. A Breakout project for both Benecio Del Toro and Director Bryan Singer.
GOOD What a cast, what a script, what a movie. We need some more of these.
GOOD Good, but...movies don't come more overrated.
FAIR Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice).
GOOD The Usual Suspects loses some of its impact with subsequent viewings, but it remains a superior picture with much to enjoy beyond its unforgettable ending.
GOOD In many ways, the viewers are the mark in this audacious con game... and its brilliance is all the more impressive for it.
GOOD Intriguing well made crime drama with a nice twist in the end
BAD The Usual Suspects has always kind of sat there, hoping that you'll love it for its twist ending.
GOOD It's not often that a movie so intriguing comes out of Hollywood, but when one does, it should be watched.
GOOD ...an entertaining crime drama; an intricately conceived puzzle play; a fragment of gangster mythology; a parody of cops-and-robbers films; an outright black comedy;
GOOD But like a tale from the Arabian Nights, told for the sheer pleasure of storytelling, this elegant puzzle not only enjoys showing off, it also has something to show.
GOOD The Usual Suspects is an accomplished synthesis of noir elements and, as such, is an entertaining entry to the genre.
BAD After following the beckoning twists and turns, you're left trapped and more than a little disappointed for getting in so deep.
GOOD "The Way Way Back" is a sharply written comedy that's full of wise and wise-guy moments.
FAIR The Way Way Back is a real crowd-pleasing charmer that breaks free of its familiar trappings with consistent humor and personal touches.
GOOD The most inspiring example of how to nurture confident responsibility in the young since Clint Eastwood's seminal Gran Torino (2009).
FAIR Sam Rockwell makes the biggest splash with a sizzling supporting performance. Not only is he naturally funny, but he has the great ability to make every sharp line of dialogue sound freshly improvised.
GOOD Collette and Carell endow their characters with poignancy and authenticity, while Rockwell and Janney are superb at wringing every possible bit of humour out of the sparky dialogue.
BAD The story manages to be both very familiar and somehow not quite believable, in part because the characters feel contrived.
GOOD Never mind the text; feel the texture.
GOOD For all the longueurs, there are still enough moments of near brilliance to sustain you through the trip.
GOOD An especially strong script gives actors plenty to chew on in this comedy-drama, in which writer-directors Faxon and Rash (The Descendants) take an observant look at the awkward connections we make with each other.
GOOD Warm, funny - and even fresh.
BAD A coming-of-age tale by numbers that don't all add up.
GOOD The dialogue sparkles, delivered by a cast on top of their game, in a movie that aims for subtlety rather than bravado.
GOOD This film's masterstroke is showing everything from Duncan's point of view, without the traditional cloying narration.
FAIR The Way, Way Back is an extremely difficult film to dislike, as one that has an amiable tone and series of endearing characters.
GOOD It's a sunny, funny and genuinely heart-warming watch.
FAIR It is likeable, and has some moments of truthfulness underneath the cliches.
GOOD A film for every age, whether you're an awkward kid, former awkward kid or awkward kid-adjacent. Funny, real and uplifting. A film that reaffirms your belief in the human spirit.
FAIR Deft, well-etched dramedy about the awkwardness of adolescence.
GOOD In winning an Oscar for their adapted screenplay of "The Descendants," ex-Groundlings comics Faxon and Rash proved they can turn a poignant phrase and still produce enough humor to save the day. They certainly turn the same trick here...
GOOD A pretty safe bet for a fun time no matter your age - a bit like a day at a water park, really.
GOOD Crafted with much TLC and sympathy, it's perfectly tailored to the tongue-tied teen in us all.
GOOD Provides a much-needed respite from overbearingly big summer movies. Think of it as a soothing breeze in the midst of a lot of blustering gales.
GOOD If this is hardly groundbreaking (just swap James' character from Jesse Eisenberg's in the similar theme-park set Adventureland), what works is how Faxon and Rash show the angst isn't all adolescent.
FAIR This is all seen through near-unknown James' eyes, and he makes Duncan a credible, even likeable 'hero' even while his inexpressive sullenness drives you mad.
GOOD A small, personal film that hits all the right notes while showing great acting in the process.
FAIR ...a perfectly watchable yet all-too-forgettable coming-of-age comedy.
GOOD Because there are a lot of memorable characters like Betty in 'The Way, Way Back,' Duncan's suffering and eventual triumph become a viewer's delight.
GOOD Like its summer cousin, The Kings of Summer, The Way Way Back connects the adult in all of us to the kid we once were. Or at least who some of us were at one time.
GOOD This warm and upbeat coming-of-age story is brought to life by some dazzling comic writing and the wonderful performances of Sam Rockwell and Allison Janney.
GOOD Why are so many coming-of-age movies set in the summer? Because that's when teenagers have certain freedom to pursue love, which often ends in heartbreak. 'The Way Way Back' is a summer coming-of-age tale that's realistic, funny and bittersweet.
BAD It certainly doesn't break the mould, but coming-of-age drama The Way, Way Back, from writer / directors Nat Faxon and Jim Rash, is sweet, gently funny, and full of terrific attention to detail.
BAD Aside from Carell's limited turn at doing nasty, it all feels terribly familiar, in a half-baked, Little Miss Sunshine-lite sort of way.
GOOD L.A. Confidential is a movie bull's-eye: noir with an attitude, a thriller packing punches. It gives up its evil secrets with a smile.
GOOD At the center of the movie are three mismatched cops with separately fueled ambitions, ferociously played by Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce. Their combined charisma almost smashes through the screen.
GOOD L.A. Confidential isn't quite up there with Chinatown, but it's the closest thing to come down the Santa Monica Freeway in the last 23 years.
GOOD Spicy and boiling-hot, this sensational early-'50s crime drama is a morality play disguised as pulp fiction -- a sprawling saga of corruption and redemption set against a flashy West Coast backdrop.
GOOD While not reaching the twisted heights of the superbly sinister Chinatown, L.A. Confidential is smart, complex and engrossing.
GOOD L.A. Confidential is a satisfyingly plotted film with echoes of the 1974 classic Chinatown.
GOOD This superlative filming of James Ellroy's complex 1950s detective story by director Curtis Hanson fuses period authenticity, fluid direction and searing, full-blooded performances.
GOOD The genius of the film -- and it is a film of genius, without a doubt -- is that it holds an investigation into the human soul's capacity for evil, while somehow still managing to be funny, thrilling, lively, shocking and unremittingly entertaining.
FAIR A glamorous, alluring entertainment that revels in the artifice of Hollywood while exposing its corrupt heart, L.A. Confidential pays stylish homage to some of the great film noirs of the distant and recent past.
GOOD Writer-director Curtis Hanson's adaptation of the James Ellroy novel wasn't merely one of the two or three greatest movies of the 1990s; it stands as a masterpiece for the ages.
FAIR L.A. Confidential understands that men don't always respond to evil with good and that the question of whom society regards as heroes isn't always a clear cut as it seems.
GOOD A modern cinematic classic...the alchemical reaction of a director and a charmed collaboration of actors, writers, and design artists...[Blu-ray]
GOOD ...one of the most absorbing, compelling, most thoroughly enjoyable crime thrillers to have come along in the past decade.
GOOD Spacey's Vincennes is the standout in a just about flawless ensemble, and director Curtis Hanson keeps the hugely complicated story zooming along the boulevard of broken dreams without losing sight of the details that make the trip worthwhile.
GOOD Dizzying and powerful.
GOOD I dug it big-time, baby!
GOOD In doing away with manners, Hanson's hardboiled detective stories craft a more hard-hitting picture of the time than any filmmaker who worked in the 1950s could have dreamed
FAIR This police corruption thriller, based on a James Ellroy novel, drags in places and ultimately fails in its film noir genre, but it's tops in art direction and photography.
FAIR A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying.
GOOD Acted to perfection with more twists than you can shake a stick at.
GOOD It is an intriguing whodunit, but nothing really unpredictable. Good work by Pierce and Crowe, though.
BAD Nostalgic fantasy about replaying that high school game with all the jock pals.
BAD Speaks to our fantasies of rectifying mistakes of the past but drops the ball on a satire on small town foibles and marital discord.
BAD Such a rouser that it almost makes up for the incomplete passes and stopped runs that precede it.
GOOD Forgotten by most yet seemingly adored by those who choose to remember it, The Best of Times stands in my book as one of the truly great sports comedies.
GOOD It's a film to bring tears to the eyes of a cynic - in fact, a cynic might relish it more than anyone, since it's the counterpointing of exuberance with unashamed bleakness that makes The Last Five Years so rich.
BAD A musical lives or dies based on the quality of its songs, and though The Last Five Years delivers some solid tunes none of them are earworms that'll stay with you beyond the closing credits.
BAD Kendrick puts across her songs with toothsome charm and conviction but the flashback structure is cumbersome, the music isn't distinctive and Jamie is such a preening narcissist that you can't help but think Cathy is well rid of him.
BAD A patchy adaptation of a Broadway musical -- think The Umbrellas of Williamsburg -- which is elevated but not entirely saved by the presence of Anna Kendrick in one of the two central roles.
FAIR Even if this doesn't go down in cinema history as a great musical, it's certainly well worth a watch and a listen.
GOOD This is what Fifty Shades of Grey should have been. Only instead of whips and riding crops, the female lead must submit to infidelity and career humiliation.
FAIR LaGravenese's direction remains appreciably intimate, ensuring this project ends up close to where it began: not one for the ages, perhaps, but a pretty good night out nevertheless.
GOOD This may not be the "Happily Ever After" movie you wanted on Valentine's Day weekend, but it's the most real movie you'll see about love.
BAD An intriguing study of couples balancing their career with their relationship, but we get lost in the monotonous music, and crave just a proper, good old-fashioned conversation.
FAIR Anna Kendrick, of all-round-awesome fame, is singing again in this adaptation of an off-Broadway musical.
FAIR Careers and love collide in this cathartic New York-set sing-a-long session that relishes both life's highs and lows, only occasionally hitting bum notes.
FAIR Despite tuneless songs, Kendrick's and Jordan's bursting-to-wilting performances are worth the 90 minutes invested in this swiftly moving, set-to-music anatomy of a marriage.
BAD While it doesn't do anything glaringly wrong, neither does it do much to distinguish itself, or to warrant recommending it to anyone outside of the Glee fan community.
GOOD A heartbreaking and human-scaled musical romance that burns as brightly as its two stars, Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
BAD I love that Anna Kendrick is frequently making musicals, and hope she keeps doing so. And that the next few are better than this
GOOD LaGravenese has pulled off a tricky feat. The Last 5 Years may have a limited audience among musical comedy lovers (since there's nothing blowing up and no witches involved), but they will be appreciative.
GOOD Telling the tough truth instead of being lied to with a glamorized version of theatre through rose-colored glasses, "The Last Five Years" establishes Anna Kendrick as a serious singer through Jason Robert Brown's naturally flowing, unpretentious music.
BAD Star Anna Kendrick's appeal is stretched to its limit here, and her lover Jeremy Jordan's character is hard to take in large doses.
GOOD There's a tendency to try to assign blame in the aftermath of a failed romance, but The Last Five Years won't or, maybe, can't do such a thing.
FAIR LaGravenese should be commended for his vision and tenacity, which has helped to create a piece that should be catnip to fans of the modern musical theatre -- and in these post-Glee days, who isn't?
BAD When The Last Five Years ends, rather than experiencing a sucker punch to the gut, all that one really feels is... nothing.
FAIR The Last Five Years is a small, bootstrap kind of movie, obviously a labor of love, and it works well because of the passion, charisma and Broadway belts of the two leads.
FAIR An 'indie' musical, not just in its modest production values but also in the emotional intensity of its mumblecore-esque focus on the romantic and career struggles of a pair of artsy young people in a big city.
BAD Despite the considerable chemistry and energy Kendrick and Jordan bring to their starring-crossed lovers, The Last Five Years emerges as a surprisingly inert musical experience chronicling one of the most passive romantic breakups committed to film.
FAIR Kendrick and Jordan seem too squeaky-clean to convey the full weight of the characters' psychological baggage, yet LaGravenese's balanced, unpretentious direction allows the material to resonate all the same.
FAIR Jordan comes out of this movie respectably, while Kendrick comes out of it a star. In fact, she's potentially the first great movie musical star of her generation.
FAIR A very funny, deeply affecting portrait of love lost and found.
FAIR As far as I'm concerned, Anna Kendrick can make a musical twice annually for the next few decades.
GOOD Great even if you hate musicals.
FAIR Detailing the ups and downs of romance, Kendrick and Jordan enchant on screen.
GOOD The film is an enchanting creation -- a showcase for Kendrick's rising star, but also a bold shot in the arm for the musical genre itself.
GOOD Kendrick qualifies as the movie's secret weapon - actually not so secret now that she's charmed audiences in both 'Into the Woods' and 'Pitch Perfect.'
FAIR Musical adaptation has charming stars; some racy stuff.
FAIR Even though there are relatable hurtful truths found in this uncompromising pair, there isn't enough specialness in the characters or their story to make us feel for them.
FAIR With a concept and influences consciously in mind; fine performances by Creed-Miles, Poulter, and Williams; and approving cameos...Fletcher is able to put his best foot forward in this creditable debut.
GOOD There's a lot more to this likeable crime flick than your usual dunderheaded Danny Dyer vehicle.
GOOD An unusually affecting movie, with pitch-perfect comic moments, a lot of heart, and a beautiful final shot that acts as a crowning achievement for Creed-Miles.
BAD The direction by Dexter Fletcher to illicit the very strong performances by the juvenile actors, is a testament to his current strengths as a director
GOOD It wears its lion heart firmly on its sleeve with bouts of good humour and sense, making it impossible not to be drawn into its rugged charm.
GOOD Gripping, intense and with a razor-sharp wit, this marks Fletcher as one to watch.
GOOD Why can't all British crime dramas be so well written and well acted, and have a splash of comedy as confident as this?
GOOD Directed with flair by Fletcher, Wild Bill is more affecting family drama than conventional gangster pic and it's an outstanding achievement.
FAIR Fletcher has fashioned a deft, likeable addition to a crowded genre, the cockney comedy thriller. It will be good to see how he fares when he moves on.
FAIR The story won't win awards for originality but Fletcher has created a film that's both charming and true to life.
FAIR There's more than enough good stuff here to whet the appetite for Fletcher's follow&#8209;up.
FAIR Works well when it sticks to its filial bonding story, but falters when it brings on singularly unconvincing neighbourhood drug dealers in an attempt to increase tension.
GOOD An impressive directorial debut from Dexter Fletcher, thanks to a superb script, heartfelt characters, a great soundtrack and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Overall, Fletcher should be as pleased as punch with his debut efforts.
GOOD One of the best British films of the year, from the mind of Dexter Fletcher, who emerges from his presenting/acting days as an exciting new writing/directorial voice.
GOOD While eschewing the mockney flash of his Lock, Stock mucker Guy Ritchie, Fletcher's kitchen sink is brighter than most, filled more with Shane Meadows brass than Ken Loach gloom.
GOOD Full of quirky, absorbing characters and performances, Fletcher's debut is a hugely enjoyable East End western and a lesson on how to avoid the excesses of the Brit-crim-com.
FAIR Fletcher clearly relishes cinematic flourishes but applies them in broad, superficial strokes.
GOOD A fresh, engaging debut feature, with an underlying suspense as we wait for the wild man to revert to pool-cue-wielding form and a streak of sweet, funny sentiment always in danger of being bottled by some nutcase.
FAIR There's no faulting Fletcher's unfussy, quietly impressive directorial style. A solid start.
GOOD The steady - but never sluggish - pace allows the characters to live and breathe.
GOOD Even as a spectacular victim of its own success, the film retains a primitive, raw, vulgarly masculine power that leaves it powerful in all the right ways, and surprisingly un-dated.
GOOD In Peckinpah's world, the law and the lawless are one and the same - destructive agents of chaos.
GOOD It's the melancholy, the desolation. It's one of the saddest Westerns ever made.
GOOD In an era when body-count films mirror the mounting body count offscreen, The Wild Bunch dissects death rather than glorifying it.
GOOD The Wild Bunch is an American masterpiece, one of the greatest films ever produced in the Hollywood system.
GOOD It's one of the great, arrogant take-it-or-leave-it jobs in history, and by this point it is so beyond either defense or attack that I come neither to praise nor to bury it but merely to describe it.
GOOD one of the absolute best movies in the short history of the medium
GOOD ...a landmark Western and a good, thoughtful, rousing adventure besides.
GOOD The sign of change in the old formula, the advancement of technology and time in a genre that brutally snuffed both.
GOOD A glorious and brutal Western that's truly one of a kind.
GOOD The Wild Bunch takes the basic elements of the Western movie myth, which once defined a simple, morally comprehensible world, and by bending them turns them into symbols of futility and aimless corruption.
GOOD An incredible western. Opened the door to a whole new world of violence.
GOOD Time may have diminished the film's shock value, but time hasn't faded The Wild Bunch's immense appeal.
GOOD Peckinpah tells intense tales of male bonding, where honor and loyalty are the codes to follow, even if it means a bloody end. When paired with the mythology of the Western, it adds up to a fascinating movie.
GOOD It's a thoroughly modern movie, and has barely aged a bit since its release, since it places itself in opposition to all things past.
GOOD Although all of Peckinpah's films are important in one way or another, The Wild Bunch clearly stands out among them as his master achievement.
GOOD It is impossible to write a history of modern cinema without mentioning The Wild Bunch.
GOOD Seeing this restored version is like understanding the film at last.
GOOD There are some wonderfully exciting action scenes, although much of it comes off a little bittersweet, as if these are the final days of some sad, wild animal.
GOOD An extraordinarily well-made film about anachronistic outlaws in the early 20th century.
GOOD A true cinematic touchstone, the film has influenced a generation of movie makers, from Scorsese to Tarantino to Hong Kong action king John Woo.
GOOD Not only does The Wild Bunch illustrate Peckinpah's mastery of his medium, but it presents a story that is effective on nearly every level.
FAIR A far, far cry from "Lawrence of Arabia," but it has its diversions.
BAD There's an enormous amount of perverse pleasure to be had here for those who get off on the annihilation of nuance.
FAIR While a plot contrivance late in the day ensures that an opportunity for a climactic battle sequence is not wasted, the film is not really an action epic, but a sweeping story about belief sets in the Arab world.
BAD At 130 minutes, Black Gold does outstay its welcome with too many confused or aborted storylines.
BAD A contemporary Lawrence of Arabia ... it is not because it's not beating with any passionate heart ...
BAD It's all very glossy, yet remains an emotionally arid affair.
BAD The real problem is that Black Gold is rather dull, and much too long for comfort.
BAD The clumsy script never really delivers epic drama. Great action scenes, though.
BAD It would be easy to laugh off if it wasn't so clearly a comment on historical reality.
BAD It might look good but it's an anachronism that totally loses its way in the desert. Given the director's enthusiasm, Black Gold should have sparkled.
BAD Black Gold feels like it could have been made in the 1950s; we have come to expect a little more from our blockbusters.
BAD Like a cool oasis, the end credits shimmer tantalisingly on the horizon throughout this punishingly tedious Arabian epic...
BAD The screen is as wide as the universe, but the further you go in either direction the more you realise you have been there before.
BAD A distinctly average adventure which has us wishing for more.
BAD The direction drags, the performances are uneven and there's a strong sense that the fictionalised story is less interesting than the reality.
BAD It just goes on and on - the cinematic equivalent of watching sand pouring through an egg timer that takes well over two hours to empty.
BAD A movie that's fascinating in many respects, but doesn't really work as the lavish entertainment intended.
BAD The production values don't stint on gloss and camels, but like the black gold that underpins all the desert feuds, Jean-Jacques Annaud's script is definitely crude.
BAD Ambitious but very tedious and talkatively hackneyed, redeemed just a smidge by the money shots of a swarm of extras on horseback sweeping across the sands.
BAD Banderas hams and Pinto flutters. If it weren't for Strong and some colourful art direction, you could chalk this up as a busted well.
BAD A bad sit-com of a movie.
BAD One completely unwatchable piece of bottom-feeding dreck.
BAD Formulaic and deeply unfunny.
BAD A kiddie comedy that's about as entertaining as treating diaper rash
BAD I'm still clawing out my eyes.
BAD Thanks to computers, we have seen some dazzling special effects in films lately, but even the best medicines can have unwanted side effects.
BAD Clark has made several terrific films, this is not one of them.
BAD You know, usually I expect the studios to dump all their cinematic turds in January but, man, it's March already and I'm still sitting through this stuff.
BAD Sometimes it truly is shocking to witness how bad a movie can be. (And the sequel is even WORSE! How!?!)
FAIR With the recent popularity of baby-themed shows, this film has perfect timing. Younger patrons will be drawn into the fantasy, while the humor is sufficient to keep adults interested.
BAD The movie is about as endearing as unanesthetized gum surgery.
BAD ..absolute cinematic torture; a maniacal insult to the foundation that humanity is made upon...
BAD This is a film so completely bankrupt of ideas that the last few minutes are composed entirely of short clips from elsewhere in the film...as if anyone would want to relive this travesty, even in the form of bite-sized none sequiturs.
BAD Easily one of the worst films in years.
BAD shares with most of Clark's other films an utter lack of taste and a genuinely ugly look; not only is the movie less funny than a case of diaper rash, it's even less picturesque.
BAD The film is short -- so short that they tacked a sentimental little music video on the end and still it finishes in plenty of time for you to go find a real baby and appreciate the far more entertaining and exciting reality of babyhood.
BAD Bad films are easy to make, but a film as unpleasant as Baby Geniuses achieves a kind of grandeur.
BAD I'll admit to chuckling a few times during the proceedings, but it's not worth losing 1 1/2 hours of one's life for a few minutes of amusement.
BAD One way to get through Baby Geniuses is to think about whether it really is the worst movie you've ever seen. Probably not, but pretty darn close.
BAD Baby Geniuses is the best argument for stronger child labor laws since the Olsen twins.
BAD The film has a freak-show quality.
BAD By the time the tiresome, surprisingly violent climax began, the last nail had already been hammered in this unfortunate film's coffin.
BAD Is it possible for a movie to be insulting from beginning to end, without pause at all along the way? As it turns out, yes indeed!
BAD Baby Geniuses doesn't waste any time getting stupid.
BAD Seems like alchemy in reverse - a golden property is turned into lead.
FAIR Spacey, the best reason to see Midnight, gives his usual suave, effortless performance.
FAIR Overlong and clumsy, but compelling.
BAD Sometimes Clint Eastwood does this. Forgets how to make a movie.
BAD I can't wait to read the book and see what all the fuss is about.
BAD An oppressively long cinematic oddball.
FAIR An intriguing and handsome production.
GOOD With an equally stunning soundtrack, this rollicking yarn is a must for all film lovers.
GOOD The film's got a big scope and a big heart, even taking time to decry class, social, and racial discrimination.
GOOD A great big Bollywood musical, complete with song and dance and doomed love triangles and elegantly photographed men playing cricket. And it's terrific fun, in a way that only great big musical fantasies can be.
GOOD A great introduction to the joys of Indian popular cinema.
GOOD This is a lavish production that will remain a favourite for years to come.
FAIR So fascinating, you may not notice how much time has passed when the credits finally roll.
FAIR There's no denying that when this film is good, it's very good.
GOOD After having seen this Cinemascope extravaganza in a theater, on DVD and video, I still think the big screen experience is worth it.
GOOD The most deliriously entertaining movie of the summer.
GOOD It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good, but it is.
FAIR Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.
BAD There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew.
GOOD An enormously entertaining movie, like nothing we've ever seen before, and yet completely familiar.
GOOD Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance, music, suspense and action.
GOOD A rippingly good, old-fashioned movie epic that takes the best of Bollywood cinema ... and elevates it for an international audience.
BAD A one-stop shopping experience in the cinema of the subcontinent.
FAIR An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that charms you into forgiving any of its shortcomings.
GOOD I have a new favorite musical -- and I'm not even a fan of the genre
FAIR If you haven't sampled India's indigenous cinema, this is a great place to begin.
GOOD It's not so much a movie as an experience, an exhilarating dip into different cultural waters to a place where lovers actually call each other 'beloved' and no one laughs.
GOOD A movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title, entertaining, enlightening, and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution.
GOOD About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come.
FAIR Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting.
GOOD It's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor.
FAIR Provides an entertainingly accessible introduction into the world of the Bollywood musical.
GOOD Rarely in either Hollywood or Bollywood has such magic been wrought so seamlessly by the concerted, coordinated efforts of so many for the enjoyment of all.
GOOD An affectionate homage to a popular genre that raises it to the level of an art film with fully drawn characters, a serious underlying theme, and a sophisticated style and point of view.
GOOD Unbeatable entertainment from India, and proof that the often derided Bollywood film industry is entirely capable of beating Hollywood at its own game.
GOOD In some ways, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood. Except it's much, much better.
FAIR If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun.
GOOD This is a movie that knows its business -- pleasing a broad, popular audience -- and goes about it with savvy professionalism and genuine flair.
GOOD For labyrinth-lovers...a thoughtful and entertaining murder mystery predicated on intellectual debate. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great mystery until the end. Connery and Abraham throw sparks each time they meet.
BAD the window dressing is not enough to buoy the principle acting
GOOD A spiritual thriller that holds up thanks to its rich themes and great acting
FAIR How you accept an English monk with a Scottish accent and the mind of a Sherlock Holmes is the question.
GOOD A well-played medieval murder mystery, featuring a lot of good-looking men with really bad haircuts.
FAIR Marvelous adaptation of a complex Umberto Eco novel. Christian Slater's first feature role.
FAIR If you can get past the the pacing, the length, and the occasional melodrama, "The Joy Luck Club" rewards on two levels: as a look at Asian-American and Asian culture, and as a consideration of the dynamics that shape mother-daughter relationships.
GOOD Poignant tale of Chinese-American moms, daughters.
BAD ...not only fails to give the novel cinematic stature; it denigrates the delicate beauty of the book itself.
GOOD Well mounted adaptation of best seller.
GOOD Deserves every tear it wrenches from your eyes.
FAIR The pleasure of seeing an underrepresented group on-screen is undercut by the stereotyped approach to almost all involved.
GOOD Both sweeping and intimate, a lovely evocation of changing cultures and enduring family ties.
GOOD If you've ever had parents, then you can relate to this movie.
GOOD Loaded with heart, filled with life and completely entertaining.
FAIR There's no ignoring the fact that The Joy Luck Club is a moving work, both a contemporary and an eternal story about the interlinked boundaries between mothers and daughters.
GOOD I would recommend it to anybody who likes movies with real and vibrant people in them.
GOOD One of the most touching and moving of the year's films.
FAIR It's fascinating and satisfying the way the diverse threads are knitted together into a single tapestry.
GOOD Nicholson explodes on the screen in a performance so flawless in timing and character perception that it should send half the stars in Hollywood back to acting school.
GOOD It was Nicholson's first Oscar win and this remains, in many ways, his signature performance.
GOOD This film is one of the classic movies of the 1970s, thanks in no small measure to the talents of director Milos Forman.
GOOD The movie is both timeless and indicative of its own era, a period of anti-establishment movements.
GOOD Cast, direction, score, look -- perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect.
GOOD Nicholson gets to use all the colors on his palette, from quiet, troubled contemplation to the disturbingly truthful, live-wire jesting with which he has become best associated. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great cast, great screenplay and great performance makes One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest an enjoyable and thought provoking movie.
GOOD Viewed 30 years after its release, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest remains a very good motion picture, although one that perhaps just misses the pinnacle of greatness where its reputation suggests it resides.
GOOD The film remains as fresh, shocking, depressing and exhilarating as when it was released.
GOOD Ken Kesey's grim satire of institutionalized authority, bracingly filmed by Milos Forman.
GOOD A stirring indictment of how we determine who's sane and who's crazy.
GOOD A rousing, rock-the-boat feel pulses throughout the film, overpowering its weaknesses.
GOOD Without hesitation my No. 1 favorite of all time. At once a comedy and a tragedy, hilarious and heartbreaking, few films have ever achieved such a level of excellence.
GOOD Brilliant Nicholson turn...and Fletcher's nurse is one of film's best villains.
GOOD excellent in every way
GOOD Among the greatest films of all time.
GOOD Nicholson's best work
FAIR Is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest not a great film because it is manipulative, or is it great because it is so superbly manipulative? I can see it through either filter.
GOOD Masterful adaptation of a masterpiece novel. Nicholson deserved his Oscar.
GOOD This superlative 2-disc set ranks among my favorite DVDs of 2002, and I absolutely recommend it as a purchase.
GOOD One of a small number of Best Picture winners to deserve the statuette.
GOOD ...a terrific piece of moviemaking--thoughtful, poignant, funny, and uplifting.
GOOD The film is based on Ken Kesey's novel of the same name, and it's magnificently brought up to the screen by director Milos Forman.
GOOD My basic quibble with the film is that it's part and parcel of the movies' unfortunate tendency to romanticize mental illness.
GOOD Quietly shocking.
GOOD Along with It Happened One Night and The Silence of the Lambs, these are the only three films to win all four major Oscars (actor, actress, director, picture). It's still the only film to deserve it.
BAD The title not only succinctly sums up the basic premise, but the totality of Perry's development of it.
BAD We see very little of the women's vicissitudes, or the ways in which they support one another through their club.
BAD A contrived, formulaic, heavy-handed melodrama about camaraderie and the value of female solidarity.
BAD This is the third feature within a year (on top of two TV shows) to come out of Perry's fast food, drive-thru productions. So it's not surprising that the Single Moms Club feels like it was slapped together by someone who is ready to take the next order.
BAD [...]Single Moms Club cannot muster up the energy to be as insulting and offensive [or] as overtly, aggressively sexist as most of Perry's films [but the film] feels suspiciously like a glorified pilot for a television show[...]
BAD The moral here is that no challenge is insurmountable if you form a club. And keep a wine opener handy.
BAD In Tyler Perry's latest opus, "The Single Moms Club," he demonstrates how disparate stereotypes can find common ground through the power of a single cliche.
BAD [T]his is a film about catharsis and camaraderie, not logic.
BAD It's downright terrible at times. However, it's not nearly as awful as his two features that came out last year.
BAD "The Single Moms Club" is almost good.
BAD It quickly becomes a by-the-book, overly-simplified look at a quintet of single moms who find common ground coping with the challenges of raising middle-school age children and finding romance.
BAD A stacked deck of one-dimensional demonstrations of female oppression, explored - and overcome - with Perry's typically well-intentioned but misguided notions of empowerment, 'The Single Moms Club' ranks among the filmmaker's worst work yet.
FAIR An unabashedly-sentimental salute to single-moms from all walks of life!
BAD Excruciating.
BAD While the subject is very timely and worthy, this lame tale just falls completely flat.
BAD The great costumes and sets are more substantial than the plot and characters.
BAD This would probably be a hit in 2003. Yes, it is that horrible.
BAD these kind of movies push the buttons so hard and so shamelessly that they become annoying
FAIR ( ... ) the cinematography offers domestic drama pleasures in its own right. Thank you for caring, Salvatore Totino (Cinderella Man / Any Given Sunday).
FAIR There's an intriguing true story buried inside this overly structured drama, and by playing by simplistic screenwriting rules the filmmakers make everything trite and predictable.
BAD People like me who prefer subtlety just won't like People Like Us.
BAD Kurtzman directs with a heavy hand and huge earnestness, but it boils down to trite platitudes about fatherhood and family.
BAD Nothing Like Us would have been more accurate.
BAD Chris Pine's alpha obnoxiousness, even when deliberate, goes a long way to render this prodigal-son drama unappetising.
FAIR Engaging, enjoyable and unabashedly sentimental drama, enlivened by a strong script and tremendous performances from a superb cast.
FAIR People like you may enjoy it.
FAIR The ending is not only clever, but it will have an emotional kick, too, in all but the hardest of hearts.
BAD Banks makes a feisty soccer-mom, Wilde has nothing to do but look frostily on, and Pine smoulders pointlessly at everyone he meets, completely failing to suggest anything but complete vapidity.
FAIR No gimmicks, quirks or high-concept premise: this is one of those rare, quietly engaging films that is simply about ordinary people trying to relate to each other.
BAD Fans of Pine's eyebrows will enjoy all the bushy furrowing, but otherwise, there are more important things to cry about.
FAIR Certain elements of the plot are uneven but a number of captivating performances and an intriguing premise elevate People Like Us above standard drama fare.
BAD People Like Us is well-meaning and features good performances, but the story is a mess of contrivances and dumb narrative decisions that fail to hold any interest.
FAIR People Like Us wasn't made for me. If it was made for you, you'll probably like it, if you don't spend the entire running time waiting for two siblings to make out.
FAIR An affectionate drama marked and buoyed by engaging performances. The movie's apex of catharsis is a genuinely nice payoff, but the home stretch it takes to get there bends a bit too much toward convenience.
FAIR ... rises above its Lifetime-channel trappings ...
BAD Both improbable and dull.
FAIR Finally a movie with a realistic or at least possible plot, and Pfeiffer and Banks show their talent.
FAIR The formidable talent of the cast believably turns the contrivance-navigating characters into (yes) people like us.
FAIR Director Alex Kurtzman occasionally makes some decisions that undermine the veracity of the tale.
GOOD ...wonderful acting by Banks, Pine, D'Addario, and Pfeiffer complement the the excellence and tenderness of the story.
FAIR Best of all is Elizabeth Banks ... Come to think of it, Banks is frequently the best thing about any movie in which she appears -- tell me again why she isn't a huge star?
FAIR This cinematic gem is the perfect counter-programming to the typical noisy summer blockbusters. It grabs you by the heartstrings and elicits a deeply felt emotional pull. The ending will leave you in tears.
FAIR a perfectly acceptable 'Jerry Maguire'-lite for people who like to put their noses in other people's problems.
FAIR It's encouraging to see a wielder of studio heft test his mettle with the all-too-human. In a season of superheroes and their nemeses, Kurtzman takes on characters hurting, hoping, trying to rise to the occasion of family.
FAIR Solid writing and strong performances by leads Chris Pine and Elizabeth Banks propel People Like Us from a maudlin drama to a memorable one.
FAIR I just wish it had had the courage to be honest rather than using a gimmick about lying.
BAD Kurtzman apparently doesn't see the camp humor in his sudsy melodrama, instead using dim if handsome lighting and choppy editing to impose a pretense of 'realism' on material that is hard to swallow, whatever its real-life inspiration.
GOOD Some of the strongest writing in any movie so far this year.
BAD Left with little but to drag out an inability to tell the truth, this soap opera and its characters are propelled unhappily toward a predictably sappy happy ending.
FAIR It's undeniably manipulative and sentimental but it's also somewhat refreshing to see a drama that isn't laced with irony, cynicism, or some form of postmodern commentary on the genre.
BAD People, like us? Please? Nah ...
GOOD People Like Us looks great and feels lived-in, especially by Pine and Banks, who are both so charismatic and innately intelligent that they can make almost any plot mechanism seem organic.
BAD What they've really done is stitch together a decade's worth of Katherine Heigl/Jennifer Aniston/Kate Hudson romantic comedies, and then cut out all the romance and most of the comedy.
BAD Clunky, cloying, and contrived People Like Us limps to its lump in the throat conclusion infused mainly by fine performances by Michelle Pfeiffer and youngster Michael Hall D'Addario.
GOOD Absolutely terrific, tight, and focused filmmaking.
GOOD "Secretary" recalibrates the capabilities of meaningful romantic comedy - a "Pygmalion" variation that's stealthily tender, witty but never broad and scintillatingly erotic to the point of palpitations. Gyllenhaal and Spader give career-best work.
FAIR A twisted and very funny rethinking of the romantic comedy genre. Great performances by Spader and Gyllenhaal.
BAD A comedy? A wake up call? I'm not sure.
GOOD A great feature film with enough laughs, weirdness, fine performances and filmmaking flair to earn it a place on most critics' top ten of the year lists.
GOOD A grande proeza do filme e mostrar que, para os personagens de Gyllenhaal e Spader, seus desvios de personalidade nao sao defeitos, mas um caminho diferente para a felicidade.
GOOD It has an integrity to the kinkiness of its theme that doesn't shake loose but you'll get more out of it if you bring your analyst along with you.
GOOD Secretary might be too hot to handle for prudes and fuddy-duddies. But then again, it's the kind of film they might enjoy the most.
GOOD A sly female empowerment movie, although not in a way anyone would expect.
BAD Secretary operates on a level devoid of any plausibility or satisfaction. It's cold, overly-calculated, tasteless and meaningless in nearly every way possible.
GOOD Provocative, funny and one of the more offbeat love stories you're ever going to see.
FAIR Contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays. Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way.
BAD Anybody remember Shannon Tweed?
BAD It's an interesting exploration of people finding and accepting themselves and then finding the puzzle piece that fits this new shape.
BAD Even as the stakes are raised in Secretary's sexual give and take, the movie retains its detached, private mood.
FAIR It does what good films do best; that is to provoke us, push our buttons, make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process.
FAIR Suspend your inclination toward the politically correct for a couple of hours and I bet you'll find yourself, as I did, rooting for these two loonies to live slappily ever after.
GOOD Even though Secretary goes down an uncomfortable road, it does so in a way that is refreshingly honest, intelligent, and eminently watchable.
GOOD For grownups only, this is a sort of...romance.
FAIR Gyllenhaal is so winsome, so self-possessed, so knowing in her innocence, that she makes bondage seem (pardon the pun) captivating.
FAIR The film itself may leave you with an odd, unsettled feeling, if not a really bad taste in your mouth.
BAD Ughhh! Can we please give the 50's a rest?
FAIR ...not every movie couple has to look like Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks.
GOOD It seems to be a case of everyone thinking that the subject matter is so very interesting and unusual that it's all the film needs. To some degree, that's true, but that mentality threatens to turn the into My Big Fat Spanking Wedding.
FAIR It is . . . undeniably absorbing, playing like a great book. As the film splays across the screen, you may find yourself anticipating each new page, err frame.
GOOD Unless there are whips, chains or a whole lot of black leather in your closet, "Secretary" is probably not an ideal date movie.
BAD The one thing that's consistently involving in Secretary is Maggie Gyllenhaal as the secretary.
FAIR Notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour, I'm going to recommend SECRETARY, based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal, and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
GOOD A funny and somehow touching treatment of sadomasochistic behavior at the workplace. Spader and Gyllenhaal are fantastic.
GOOD Movies Secretary Director: Steven Shainberg Starring: Lesley Ann Warren, James Spader, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeremy Davies (R, 104 min.) Secretary is a testament to the importance of tonality in telling a story.
GOOD Obviously, Secretary isn't for everyone. But if you're willing to take a chance, you might be surprised to find you've enjoyed it.
FAIR Equal opportunity exploitation.
FAIR Gyllenhaal's deep yearning buttresses the film's swiss-cheese argument that pain opens the door to real feeling, and that Lee and Edward are sharing a love that's right for them.
GOOD Despite its flaws, Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions.
FAIR Whether it shocks or disturbs or amuses, Secretary deserves applause for doing something most movies avoid these days.
GOOD Thoughtful, intelligent movie for older teens.
FAIR ...despite the cliches and stereotypes, the film's cast manages to lift it from the depths of the commonplace and make watching it enjoyable.
GOOD Though the film drifts off down some long blind alleys, when Darabont exercises discipline the result is highly effective.
GOOD Dotted with many fine moments, clotted with a few flabby ones.
FAIR One of the best prison films ever made.
GOOD Of all the movies based on King novels, The Green Mile ranks near the top -- but below Darabont's first, The Shawshank Redemption.
BAD Three long hours of wind, an exercise in titanic self-importance intent on passing off klunky rhetoric as poignant drama.
GOOD Darabont explores the range of human kindness and cruelty as he lovingly and patiently sculpts his large cast of characters against magnificent scenery.
GOOD Hanks and the other guards' acting is impeccable as would be expected, but Duncan and his fellow prisoners are also disturbingly real.
FAIR Its emotional rewards outshine its faults.
GOOD If this movie doesn't get a truckload of Oscar noms, something's rotten in the kingdom of Hollywood!
GOOD Quando a historia chega ao fim e as luzes se acendem, voce sente que, de certa forma, o filme permanecera com voce por muito tempo.
BAD There is no doubt that the director has mistaken size for quality with bum-numbing consequences.
GOOD A near-masterpiece.
GOOD Hanks is in fine form, as is Sam Rockwell, as 'Wild Bill' Wharton, a new inmate so repulsively evil he's almost a cartoon (not quite, though).
GOOD I'd be critical of the fact that Frank Darabont's entire directorial career has revolved around sweepingly sentimental movies based on Stephen King prison dramas -- if only he didn't do them so well.
GOOD They don't get much better than this.
GOOD A moving story, helped by some great performances, primarily by Michael Clarke Duncan as Coffey, Hanks, Hutchison as the guards, and Jeter and Rockwell as prisoners.
FAIR Unassumingly strong, moving performances and Darabont's durable storytelling make it a trip worth taking.
FAIR The Green Mile is a well-crafted film.
FAIR An affecting motion picture.
GOOD By taking the extra time, Darabont has made King's The Green Mile into a story which develops and unfolds, which has detail and space.
GOOD Over the epic running time the film inches its way through a complex soap opera of events on the Row, punctuated by three pivotal and grisly executions via 'Old Sparky,' the electric chair.
GOOD A thoughtful, intelligent movie with outstanding direction.
GOOD Stephen King's serial novel has been superbly adapted.
GOOD Enthralling and literally miraculous, The Green Mile has become an instant favorite of mine, just as its source material did.
FAIR It's not perfect, but boy, is it ever accurate and insightful.
GOOD High Fidelity, with its knowing take on men, messed-up romance and music, is like one long, hook-filled pop song for the eyes.
GOOD As a film about males it`s amazingly insightful for women. The soundtrack`s another great plus. I just adored this film.
GOOD You'll laugh, you'll cringe in recognition, you'll go home and start recording a new tape.
GOOD This slickly scripted, knowingly played and cameo-strewn comedy stands on its merits as an Alfie for the millennial generation.
GOOD The result is a romantic comedy that transcends its genre to become the giddy cinematic anthem of an era.
GOOD It's Jack Black who started scoring more film work based on his turn; he's hilarious as a record-store slob who's so contemptuous of the customers that he would just as soon chase them off as listen to their opinions and requests.
FAIR While the second half is a pleasure, it's the first half that's less impressive. I've seen this deadpan narrator with the bottled-up angst so many times that I looked to the lines and the minor characters to see me through.
GOOD Easily makes it onto my top 5 John Cusack movies list.
FAIR Funny, neurotic, and charming, but not for kids.
GOOD In his best Zeroes performance, John Cusack traced Rob's realizations and reconciliations with resonant thoughtfulness and wit - the worst-case scenario of Lloyd Dobler after Diane Court was done with him, resigned to life as an old, sad bastard.
FAIR The title lies--this comedy's delights rate strictly on the lo-fi scale, which is indicative of the appealingly laid-back vibe.
GOOD High Fidelity propose ainsi une vision realiste et jamais boursouflee d'une epoque ou le passage a l'age adulte aura ete repousse, dans certains cas, de pres d'une decennie
GOOD I can't see how anyone would not like this film.
GOOD Cusack meets Hornby's British self-consciousness with his own American brand, adding his Cusackian knack for romantic yearning.
FAIR Watching them all interact has the feeling of...well...a finely crafted mix tape.
GOOD When you see John Cusack being cool in a movie, you want to be him. And even though that's an adolescent's game, I haven't stopped playing it.
GOOD A finely tuned piece of work.
FAIR Like a wonderful piece of bubble gum that explodes with a rush of flavor then slowly fades away, High Fidelity delivers bright jolts of entertainment that never coalesce into anything substantial.
GOOD A humorously philosophical and pop-music-soaked study of the romantic relationship as seen through the eyes of a music geek.
GOOD Deftly directed by Stephen Frears the film boasts both a great soundtrack and a wonderful cast. Definitely one of the best comedies of the year!
GOOD This is a romantic comedy with thorns, a farce with heart, a love letter with guts. It is the kind of movie you can love for a long, long time.
FAIR High Fidelity would still make my Top Five list of movies about store clerks, higher than Allan Moyle's Empire Records, but lower than Kevin Smith's Clerks.
GOOD Top 5 Reasons to Love This Movie: Dialogue, Cusack, Fantastic cast, Vinyl music, Story/ soundtrack.
GOOD Um dos cinco melhores do ano.
FAIR A funny, perceptive movie about pop music, a man's confused passions for records and women, and the lure of perpetual teenagehood.
GOOD Mary is Happy, Mary is Happy is a genuine original: a sort of Celine and Julie Go Tweeting.
BAD Mary is Happy, Mary is Happy is based on 410 consecutive tweets from a teenager called Mary Maloney. It's actually quite an intriguing, episodic attempt to channel a new form of communication into an old medium. Up to a point.
GOOD Beneath the modern veneer, something timeless emerges: a (pretty good) coming-of-age story.
FAIR A wry and emotional journey through a teenager's life on social media.
GOOD If you survive past the blunt, uncompromising structure of the first third, you are rewarded with a beautifully peculiar tale that evokes the sensations and frustrations of youth with lyrical aplomb.
GOOD It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
BAD They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
FAIR It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
FAIR The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
FAIR That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
FAIR Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
BAD an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
FAIR It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
BAD This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
FAIR A solid lead-up to the finale.
FAIR As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
GOOD This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
FAIR It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
FAIR a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
FAIR In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
FAIR Better than the first, not as good as the second.
FAIR So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
GOOD This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
BAD Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
FAIR The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
FAIR Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
GOOD In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
BAD The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
GOOD Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
GOOD An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
GOOD A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
BAD This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
BAD Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
BAD A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
BAD It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
FAIR So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
BAD Dark and too often tedious.
FAIR The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
GOOD A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
FAIR Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
BAD Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
GOOD Screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga and director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu exert such control over the story that even a cute doggie disappearance develops into a toilet-trained take on "The Telltale Heart." Warts and all, "Amores Perros" is love, actually.
GOOD Dozens of shoddy imitators have done nothing to disguise the wit of its narrative construction.
GOOD Gonzalez Inarritu's sinfully enjoyable epic roars in on a wave of blood, gunshots and dog barks.
GOOD It is that rarest of features that shows a deep understanding of people, truly cinematic storytelling technique and brilliantly choreographed fight and chase scenes.
GOOD Seemingly uneven, Questionably overlong, Indisputably intriguing
GOOD It is a raw, intermittently brilliant film that heralds a sort of renaissance in Mexican film.
GOOD Astonishingly powerful debut film from director Inarritu - brilliantly shot, superbly acted and deeply heartfelt, this is one of the best films of the year.
GOOD Fresh, shocking, violent, romantic, profane and profound, Amores Perros is a revelation, a jolt of cinematic power and a bracing act of faith.
GOOD The biggest strength of Amores Perros is its display of humanity at its worst when it is driven by primal attachments.
GOOD Amores Perros es una cinta capaz de pegarnos intensamente en la mirada pero tambien en el espiritu.
FAIR Inarritu's talent may be derivative, but it's applied to a setting he knows well and whose vibrancy he's keen to convey.
GOOD The stories never come together in a way that really enlightens, but that's not to say the film is anything less than entertaining.
FAIR Even with its flaws, it will be hard to find a film with as many complex characters inhabiting its world as this.
GOOD A stunningly made film, raw and authentic, with the ability to get way under the skin.
GOOD First-time director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu has taken an original story and fashioned it into a tale that is gritty, multifaceted, and brimming with edgy performances.
FAIR Grabs our attention... Innaritu is a clever visual stylist.
GOOD The performances here are, again and again, natural and convincing, with many of the actors making their debuts.
GOOD This is first-rate filmmaking, horrific and tender, raw and lyrical.
FAIR The structure lacks purpose, the film struggles to justify its two-and-a-half-hour running time and the faint-hearted might find it a little gory.
GOOD In a single film, director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu balances stories and moods as diverse as canine breeds.
GOOD Seething, unsettling.
FAIR Compels almost effortlessly, and skilfully conceals its thefts (from Tarantino, mostly), easy ironies, and insubstantiality.
GOOD It may not have won the Oscar, but this is ... an ambitious and thrilling work.
GOOD Inarritu and his cast are able to make the audience care for these deeply flawed characters and share their often intertwined feelings of pleasure and pain.
FAIR Give me Los Olvidados instead, but this pumped telenovela is very much the film Kieslowski would have made had he followed Bunuel's lead and gone to Mexico.
FAIR [Inarritu] may well be the millennium's first new master film maker.
GOOD Rightfully a ballgame classic, this is sentimental nonsense, sure, but charmingly so.
GOOD This fantasy drama from director Phil Alden Robinson is a delightful blend of the blind-fate story and the more fanciful feel-good corn of Frank Capra.
FAIR Field of Dreams isn't a home run. It's more like a suicide squeeze: if it hadn't been perfectly executed, it wouldn't have worked. But as they say in baseball, a run is a run.
FAIR The sentimentality, of which there is plenty, is nicely balanced by a humor of ironic pragmatism, as when Ray, having built his baseball field as a monument to human dreams, decides to charge tourists $20 a head to visit it.
GOOD Too idiosyncratic and witty merely to wallow in sentimentality, Field Of Dreams will surely stand as a classic update of what made Old Hollywood so magical. It's still a wonderful life.
FAIR Instant baseball classic for whole family.
GOOD Widely regarded as a modern populist classic, the film is both a fabulist fable and a celebratory baseball movie that acknowledges scandal within the sport but also the game's transcendent ability to rise above attempts to damage its integrity. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One of the best films of the 80s
FAIR A rare choke-up movie for guys and one of 1989's biggest hits.
GOOD Quite simply one of the best sports movies ever.
GOOD A movie for a thorough tear-duct cleansing - the only film that makes tears stream down the cheeks of this hardened critic, and it gets me at least twice every time.
GOOD Robinson's whimsical sports saga is nostalgically engaging...guaranteed to load the bases with sentimentality
FAIR Anyone who loves their father or baseball -- or both -- will find it difficult -- no, impossible -- to resist this hokey, wonderful film.
GOOD Say what you want about Kevin Costner, but you can't say he never played Jesus Christ.
GOOD Original and moving fantasy about the things that make guys tear up.
GOOD One of the best baseballmovies off all time
GOOD The finest and most sentimental baseball movie ever made. If the ending doesn't bring tears to your eyes, you are made of stone. A must-see.
FAIR If you're in the right mood this movie will bring a tear to your eye.
GOOD Quaint, amusing and charming little baseball parable.
FAIR A manipulative but still moving look at the power of myths.
GOOD Kevin Costner nunca esteve tao bem como em 'Campo dos Sonhos'.
FAIR The themes of this movie are dreams, family, and baseball.
GOOD This film isn't just for baseball fans and soft touches. It's also for people who've experienced loss and want, just for a few minutes, to dream of regaining what was lost.
GOOD A magical, often funny, utterly delightful movie, one that will stay with you for some time to come.
GOOD Field of Dreams will not appeal to grinches and grouches and realists. It is a delicate movie, a fragile construction of one goofy fantasy after another. But it has the courage to be about exactly what it promises.
FAIR An ambitious and engagingly authentic adaptation of Bola Agbaje's Olivier award-winning play.
FAIR The comedy has some real moments of insight and wit but suffers from some of the hammiest acting around.
BAD The sketchy storyline is overly reliant on cliche, caricature and contrivance.
FAIR The film zips along with crackling dialogue and breezy moments of broad slapstick.
BAD There are some funny touches and moments of freewheeling energy, but it is too broad, with acting and directing styles that are a little like afternoon TV.
BAD An occasionally engaging but often hamfisted urban fable.
FAIR An upbeat and smart British comedy set on a council estate in Peckham which follows two estranged brothers around for the day, as they search for some okra.
GOOD Low-key, low-budget, high-intelligence, this is precisely the kind of film London ought to be producing.
FAIR A lively Brit-comedy of manners full of crackling dialogue.
GOOD While it's certainly social commentary, Gone Too Far is also a breath of fresh air in the often stifling stable of British sociorealism.
FAIR Repeat of first film lacks charm. Not for kids.
FAIR Frankly, I feel like a lot of the intangible 'heart' of the first movie is replaced here with an ongoing conversation about sex.
BAD Es casi imposible negar que se quedo muy por debajo de las expectativas.
BAD Se voce ouvir alguem dizendo que se identificou com Bridget Jones, meu conselho e: rompa a amizade. Voce nao vai querer perder seu tempo com alguem assim.
BAD A little Bridget unfortunately goes a long way.
FAIR Bridget is back, but the question is why?
FAIR The outrageous character Renee Zellweger has crafted is so dynamic and funny she's able to hold the sequel together.
BAD If Bridget Jones - a character incapable of learning from her mistakes - is a feminist role model, the movement's in for a setback.
BAD ...a desperate and disjointed farcical venture that feels terribly strained. There's no declarative spark or soulful snap to this dull romantic comedy
BAD Oscar winner Jim Broadbent turns up long enough to say, "I wish I was dead."
FAIR Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is not as good as the original - the Thai prison sequence makes certain of that - but it still works.
FAIR Although it is not quite as funny or believable as the first movie, the lovable Ms. Jones just squeaks by on her own (and her returning co-stars') charisma.
BAD the sequel gives us a heroine who acts like an idiot and then whines about the lack of men in her life.
FAIR A little too much like the movie version of a 'greatest hits' package -- only with the originals replaced by engaging but uninspired cover versions of all the songs.
FAIR Follow this fun from the streets of London to the slopes of the Alps and the shores of Thailand. Bridget will amaze and amuse you.
FAIR It's testament to Zellweger's likeability and skill that the film is still enjoyable, but it lacks the element of surprise.
BAD The sequel has about as much emotional depth as a sitcom, only without even the latter's meager laughs.
BAD [Zellweger's] never allowed to be quite as human, quite as pained. She's only allowed to be ridiculous.
FAIR This isn't a very good script. But Renee Zellweger is so charming, and so FUNNY, she makes the movie a joy.
BAD Use the money to go upgrade your original Bridget Jones DVD to the new swanky collector's edition (pick me up one, will you?) and save your money on this movie.
BAD ...le fric aussi a ses raisons que l'Age de raison n'ignore pas.
BAD With the exception of Zellweger, it's a film that has assembled its cast only for continuity of facial recognition and nothing so important as story, characters or emotion.
FAIR It may be worth a matinee for a gaggle of girlfriends, but guys should stay away and Helen Fielding, who created the character, should be ashaimed of herself.
GOOD Audiences will fall in love with Bridget Jones and Zellweger all over again.
BAD [I]t neither advances our understanding of the characters from the first film, nor does it make you especially eager to see a third entry in the series.
FAIR Despite the engaging core players, Bridget's second diary goes over the edge, leaving little reason for a third installment.
BAD Dreary sequel full of sex and violence.
BAD Its title all the warning any kind of reasonably actualized human being would need to avoid it.
GOOD ...a superior sequel that accomplishes everything that one might've hoped...
GOOD A stone-cold masterpiece.
GOOD Charming, talky romance for older teens and adults.
GOOD As a romance streaked with regrets, obligations and fears, "Sunset" builds to a wistful, perfect conclusion - a fadeout infused with the idea that a memory's never finished as long as you're alive and one of the loveliest last-line exchanges of all time.
GOOD the film takes a miraculous healing turn at the end, and the characters rise above their ruefulness, and use it as a springboard into hope
GOOD Well acted, very well written, well told, and bears yet another ending that will keep audiences wondering.
GOOD Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy have reconvened to bring us this belated, yet very welcome sequel.
GOOD Before Sunset retains most of what was engaging about the first movie: it has its gentleness, its romanticism and, most importantly, its idealism. What it has lost is the sense of mystery.
GOOD A gemlike minimalist triumph -- deeper and more provocative than its predecessor.
FAIR However, between Delpy, Hawke, and Linklater, a script was born and once again the couple meets, this time in Paris, this time for far fewer hours (and in real time).
GOOD The dialogue captivates without ever feeling forced or cinematic...
GOOD The final 25 minutes of Before Sunset, starting with excruciatingly honest admissions from both parties in a car backseat, are the best filmmaking I've ever seen.
GOOD Una pelicula sobre la frustracion de crecer, sobre la constatacion de que la felicidad es un concepto extrano que se disfruta mucho mas como posibilidad que como meta.
FAIR I'm not sure if it's the actors or their conversation that makes the film appealing, maybe both, but it works in a sweet, thought-provoking way.
GOOD If you enjoy intelligent dialogue and believe in love, then you'll enjoy this film.
GOOD Here's an unusual sequel to an equally unusual film from nine years ago.
GOOD [a] charming, intelligent romance
GOOD O resultado e que este e, ao lado de Brilho Eterno de uma Mente Sem Lembrancas, um dos melhores filmes do ano. E, tambem como aquele, um dos mais romanticos.
GOOD Una experiencia de vida inigualable, una historia enriquecedora, un final inolvidable y perfecto. Magistral, una obra maestra.
BAD morally ambivalent about the importance of the family unit and personal responsibility...uninvolving dialogue, uninspired directing, deficient acting.
FAIR A lot of the prattle seems like the same-old half-absorbed guff that passes for profundity in so much of Linklater's work.
GOOD For all the talk, there's always something unspoken bubbling away in the space between these two ex-lovers...
GOOD Linklater's method, in an age when critics celebrate the egomania of M. Night Shyamalan and Quentin Tarantino, distinguishes him as Gen X's most literary director.
GOOD This is simply a wonderful piece of film-making.
GOOD Linklater gives his characters something we rarely get in real life: an opportunity to resolve the sense of loss and regret created by a blown chance at love and happiness.
GOOD Before Sunset may be the most unusual sequel this summer, but it's certainly the sweetest and one of the best.
GOOD What great chemistry! Again.
GOOD While it's not necessary to see Before Sunrise again, it's essential that you have seen it. [Get] the original, and then go see one of the best movies of the year...
GOOD For the movie's placid external nature hides a tumultuous emotional underside filled with recriminations, anger, hope, compassion and love.
GOOD A richer experience than the original.
GOOD The ex-lovers' new conversation is stimulating and banal, selfish and broad-minded, affectionate and recriminatory, insightful and obtuse -- in short, the kind of dialogue two people might have while pouring out their hearts and poring over their pasts.
GOOD A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise, this is a thoroughly engaging, well written film with perfect performances from Hawke and Delpy.
FAIR Jesse and Celine seem like real people, complete with flaws and weaknesses. That they become so fleshed out in such a brief running time is a testament to the script and Hawke and Delpy's acting abilities.
FAIR An intelligent, engagingly honest study of love lost and, just maybe, regained.
FAIR Entertaining, but ultimately forgettable.
BAD In many ways this movie tells us far more about the values and age in which we are living, than the one it pretends to be returning us to.
FAIR It nods in the direction of tons of potentially interesting developments of plot, theme and character, but doesn't bother to follow through on any of them enough to pay off.
BAD ...remains an instantly forgettable, wannabe epic.
BAD In seeking to demythify the Arthur legends, the filmmakers wind up creating a new mythology, one that is probably just as fanciful as those it attempts to replace.
BAD Faz uma indigesta salada de frutas com todas as lendas referentes ao personagem-titulo.
BAD Misguided, miscast, and completely misconceived, the wretched King Arthur is one of the grittier, more earnest failures to appear this summer.
BAD Where "King Arthur" falls flat is in its laborious battle sequences.
BAD Bruckheimer's King Arthur is little more than spectacle, and not very interesting spectacle at that.
BAD History buffs will love this film for the fact that it's giving the controversial new take on the King Arthur legend. But your average moviegoer might find this a bit dull.
FAIR Pelicula de buena manufactura gracias a su produccion, al rostro de Keira Knightley y al carisma de los actores, no obstante, no tiene nada que ver con la leyenda original.
FAIR ...the cast is mired down iin too much dialogue...
FAIR makes a more valiant attempt than most, delivering a worthwhile action-drama that is just grounded enough in real history to be intriguing.
FAIR ... There is a lot to like about this latest adaptation of the classic tale.
FAIR Clive Owen is commanding as Arthur
BAD King Arthur may be a more truthful retelling of the legend, but it's certainly a lot less fun.
GOOD A brave and admirable little endeavor here that creates a whole lot of grand chaos in just a little over two hours.
FAIR Offers top-flight entertainment for about half its length before slipping into complete formula.
FAIR Ambiguity, subtlety, and mixed-up heroes are not usually the makings of summer blockbusters, but it's still a fascinating, stirring, great-looking film.
FAIR Whoever designed Knightly's "armor" has to be given a pat on the back by all of us who find her an object of sauciness and desire.
FAIR This Arthurian tale is more interested in the historical setting than the personalities within it.
BAD The lamest blockbuster in some time.
BAD Gladiator lite.
BAD Turns the Arthurian folks into one-liner spouting generic-buddy-picture characters with dubious hygiene, whose fates aren't likely to matter a damn bit to you.
FAIR It might not sit well with purists, but I for one was glad to see a new spin put on the story.
BAD ... a failure on so many levels that it's impossible not to feel a grudging affection for it.
FAIR Lowered expectations and spirited performances help make the latest quasi-visit to Camelot (this time minus the Camelot & the magic) a rousing bit of medieval hokum
FAIR My hat is off to producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Antonio Fuqua for an exciting tale about the Knights of the Roundtable and one man's destiny to become king.
BAD It starts out Robin Hood and ends up Braveheart, but mostly it just makes you just want to watch Gladiator again.
BAD A snooze, overcast and drizzly both on location and on the pages of the script.
BAD The fresh historical setup is intriguing early on and a pivotal battle on a cracking frozen river generates some memorable suspense, but the film loses most of its momentum in its emotionally flat second half.
BAD If this is history demystified, give me myth.
GOOD Brando is the strong magnet that will draw fans to The Godfather. But behind-the-scenes creativity is of equal value to this film of towering proportions.
GOOD ... its amber antique look, its misty-eyed, soft-hearted vision of honorable men battling for their shot at the American main chance as much a part of our collective iconography as ... Citizen Kane or ... The Great Gatsby.
GOOD This elegiac organised-crime saga from the young Francis Ford Coppola is one of the all-time high watermarks of American cinema, rich with subtle acting and blessed with stunning cinematography from Gordon Willis.
GOOD To permit us a glimpse at The Mob, with all of its ethnic insularity, is like giving a chronic gambler a chance to wander above the false mirrors that overlook every casino.
GOOD A defining film in the history of cinema, The Godfather introduced a legendary filmmaker and several acting greats in the telling of an Italian American dynasty undone by the tragic circumstances of their criminal exploits.
GOOD Terrific performances and the perfect brooding atmosphere make it a truly outstanding work.
GOOD Brando made Don Vito something we rarely see in movies: a tragicomic villain-hero, a vulnerable hood.
GOOD The classic tale of a Mafia family. Not for kids.
GOOD With all due respect to this 1972 classic, Vizzini was right: Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line.
GOOD A measured, deathly serious epic.
GOOD The greatest gangster film ever made.
GOOD Don't miss an opportunity to see a classic such as this on the big screen.
GOOD With the themes of family and loyalty, this film is a must see for any movie fan.
GOOD Francis Ford Coppola's 1972 classic, The Godfather, is to gangster films what Cecil B. DeMille's The Ten Commandments was to super spectaculars.
FAIR ...it's the stellar cast's career-best work that ultimately assures the viewer's interest even through the film's less-than-enthralling stretches.
GOOD ...a metaphor for creating and protecting your own business in this country - only with the added glamour of guns.
GOOD A multi-generational epic that never leaves the audience less than enthralled, this is the godfather of all gangster films.
GOOD Not only one of the greatest mob films of all time, The Godfather is also one of the greatest overall pictures ever.
GOOD O primeiro ato da obra maxima do Cinema.
GOOD How do you write a review about the greatest movie ever made?
GOOD Story-wise, there is so much going on that it would have been easy for a director to lose control, but Coppola (helped by a screenplay co-written by Puzo) keeps it all together beautifully.
GOOD Not only the best of crime film, but all that is possible with cinematic achievement.
GOOD It could be argued that Francis Ford Coppola's film of Mario Puzo's bestseller, at once an art movie and a commercial blockbuster, marked the dawn of the age of the mega-movie.
GOOD Simply great, if not the greatest!
GOOD Is it really possible that this bears repeating? The Godfather is extraordinary.
GOOD The original is back on the big screen and it looks great.
GOOD If you care for film at all, do yourself the great favor of getting out to that theater and immersing yourself in a genuine American classic.
GOOD From the "I believe in America" opening speech to the haunting final shot, this is near flawless film-making.
GOOD What more needs to be said? It's a grade-A, bona-fide Classic with a capital C.
GOOD Violent depiction of a risky rescue; adults only.
GOOD No film from the Zeroes - hell, maybe ever - more forcefully imparted the horrors of war as thoroughly, coherently and hauntingly. Even justified wars run rampant with monstrosities, and this showed just how critical camaraderie can be in conquering them.
GOOD While fine films like Saving Private Ryan depict warfare at its worst, they do not depict warfare in modernity. I cannot imagine a better representation of war, with all of its urban complexities, than Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Action masters Ridley Scott and Jerry Bruckheimer prove that it is possible to extend the opening twenty minutes of Saving Private Ryan to two full hours. Now all they have to do is spend some of that time creating characters to care about.
FAIR It would've been nice to get to know a few of the men we're meant to care about.
FAIR Ambitious, sumptuously-framed and frenetic, Black Hawk Down occasionally errs on the confused, but is nonetheless a rare find of a war movie which dares to turn genre convention on its head.
FAIR War is inevitable, and often gruesome, but it also turns brave soldiers into heroes.
FAIR One helluva war film.
GOOD It's a rather shrewd move to not develop the characters beyond the most limited degree; the cold, wasteful machine-like quality to the destruction comes across all the better without forced melodrama.
GOOD ... A film that needed to be made and needs to be seen.
BAD As with the real life operation, the movie was not very well thought out.
FAIR The immediacy and realism of BHD is the key to its success, largely constructed through superior direction and a good cast, elements that ensure the viewer a harrowing yet enjoyable cinematic experience.
GOOD Suffers from all the same old war movie cliche's [and] the same old character stereotypes . . . Thankfully, most of the cast is up to the job
GOOD Scott and his cinematographer, Slavomir Idziak, take an already incredible true story and imbue it with a global view and an aesthetic sense that even the soldiers who were there didn't enjoy.
FAIR While the film succeeds as a visceral testament to all the servicemen who fought in Mogadishu, particularly the nineteen who lost their lives, Black Hawk Down is more punishing than anything else.
FAIR Scott wins points for realism but the overall effect is like watching a two-hour version of the opening 30 minutes of Saving Private Ryan.
GOOD The tools for making high-end action movies have never been put to better use than in Black Hawk Down.
BAD One big shiny but empty bullet shell.
GOOD Neither a jingoistic exercise in military muscle (a la Top Gun) nor an existential parable about the futility of war (as in The Thin Red Line).
FAIR This film made me sick. I mean that as the highest compliment.
GOOD Intense, realistic battle sequences power this movie, magnifying the difficulty of the choice between valuing life and valuing war efficiency.
FAIR Director Ridley Scott is back with another very well-crafted, thoroughly entertaining film... that only hints at what's going on beneath the surface.
FAIR Deja mucho que desear y muestra como su director ha optado, conforme avanza en edad, en cambiar la calidad de la historia por un exceso de violencia injustificada.
GOOD Black Hawk Down now becomes the gold standard for war films and I would have no problem with this flick being nominated or even winning Best Picture at the Oscars.
BAD O filme acaba se resumindo a uma longa sequencia envolvendo trocas de tiros, explosoes e mortes, sem se preocupar com o lado humano da tragedia.
FAIR "Black Hawk Down"...merely tries to convey the feeling of inadvertent heroism, and in that area, it succeeds beautifully.
BAD Scott's approach is so mired in convention that half of his images could have been lifted from war-story comic books of the 1950s.
FAIR I imagine most people will find something to like in Black Hawk Down, but I don't know why they'd want to be bothered with a picture that puts the audience through so much to give so little.
BAD A cringe-worthy crude comedy that has more bark than bite.
BAD Heartless, brainless and unable to do anything with what it does have to offer, Old Dogs doesn't know who it's for or what it's offering. It just needs to get made because people have to have something to do. Spare yourself and your kids.
BAD John Travolta and Robin Williams are no strangers to shamelessness. But not even they can walk away from "Old Dogs" with a shred of dignity - a mean-spirited, insulting "family" film that essentially pees down its leg and calls it comedy.
BAD Um embaraco para todos os envolvidos - inclusive o publico.
BAD It's aggressively awful, and manages to push its worst gags so numbingly off the scale that we're left slack-jawed in disbelief
BAD A trip to the vets is needed, to have this dog of a movie, quietly put down.
BAD Both Williams and Travolta mug furiously and the kids need locking up.
BAD [Travolta and Williams] engage in a torrent of slapstick set-ups that are neither witty nor funny.
BAD You've never experienced horror until you've seen Robin Williams in a Speedo getting a spray tan.
BAD A slapdash embarrassment of feeble age gags and cultural stereotypes, Old Dogs is at once crass, corny, amateurish, insulting, uninspired, deeply phoney and extraordinarily unfunny.
BAD It's perhaps wise to avoid this movie at all costs.
BAD Old Dogs is a milestone in the [Travolta's] career, the moment when he trumped Battlefield Earth to make the worst film of his life.
BAD At the screening I attended I didn't hear one person laugh, though I did hear plenty of involuntary sighs and groans, some of them emanating from myself.
BAD Dumb and painfully unfunny.
BAD The pickings are slim going on invisible.
BAD Most repellent is the undercurrent of homophobia, the brutal cultural stereotyping and the fact that Travolta looks like a man wearing a slightly melted rubber John Travolta Hallowe'en mask.
BAD This is easily the worst film of the year so far, and frankly last year too. It is embarrassingly, painfully unfunny.
BAD This is imbecilic hooey of the rarest breed.
BAD Which is better, a soulless life of work and striving for money, or a joyous embrace of family and kids in all their gorgeous life-affirming messiness?
BAD Being a film critic is a wonderful job, but there are weeks when the bad film delirium strikes and we'd all be better off in straitjackets.
BAD Utterly abysmal, entirely laugh-free and hideously embarrassing.
BAD It's a two-ton nuclear warhead of aggressive lameness, a hard, pounding rain of flop sweat and triteness and depression.
BAD A Travolta family effort for laughs through blatant illogic and human behavior that has no link to the real thing.
BAD Old Dogs' astonishing lack of laughs remains its biggest deficiency...
FAIR Those expecting new tricks or even vaguely inventive laughs from Old Dogs or its two waning stars should heed the obvious cliche.
BAD The movie is never remotely funny, but it excels at being creepy.
BAD Getting your uvula pierced would be less painful than watching Old Dogs.
BAD A weary hound of a movie.
BAD Old Dogs is -- quite simply -- the nadir of filmmaking.
BAD Nobody taught these "Old Dogs" any new tricks for this seen it all before film
BAD Add scary music, and some scenes could come straight from a horror movie, with no need for re-editing, as when Williams is trapped in a tanning booth, or when Williams slams a car trunk's lid onto a woman's arms, like Terry O'Quinn did in 'Stepfather 2.'
BAD Why do once great actors attach themselves to a dog of a picture like this? Surely they still have standards? Alas, their judgment seems to be fading . . .
BAD The dearth of laughs in this unspeakably awful comedy borders on embarrassing at times.
BAD Here's a Thanksgiving turkey that was rancid as soon as the idea was cooked up.
BAD Let's hope that kills any chance for another film of this ilk, probably called Cool Frogs or something horrid like that.
BAD Based on the quality of its script, 'Old Dogs' should have been put to sleep before the cameras started rolling.
BAD A painfully unfunny attempt at comedy filled with lazy, juvenile, forced humor that's an insult to everyone's intelligence.
BAD a strong cast fighting a script that is labored, stale, and obvious
BAD Might be best just to let these sleeping Old Dogs lie. This incredibly loony comedy sort of demeans everyone involved.
FAIR Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
GOOD ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
GOOD Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
GOOD The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
GOOD the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
GOOD Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
GOOD Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
GOOD Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
GOOD Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
GOOD E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
FAIR While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
GOOD One of the great screen romances.
FAIR Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
GOOD All of the performances are first-rate; Pesci stands out, though, with his seemingly unscripted manner. GoodFellas is easily one of the year`s best films.
GOOD In GoodFellas, Scorsese, that connoisseur of mean streets and brutish, reflexive rage, has fashioned a stunning film that belongs on the same lonely, top shelf as Coppola's Mafia saga.
GOOD Scorsese's best film? Difficult to call, though if it doesn't beat Raging Bull, it runs it a close second.
GOOD Robert De Niro gives what has come to be a typical Robert De Niro performance -- understated, sly, ingratiating. Joe Pesci, as the hot-tempered Tommy, steals several scenes from his fellow performers.
GOOD GoodFellas is a movie that savagely and thoroughly obliterates romanticized notions of the Mafia.
GOOD The most profoundly Catholic of contemporary filmmakers, Scorsese has here imagined a world without the slightest notion of sin-everything is permitted, and he is both fascinated and appalled by the total freedom of his characters.
GOOD Be prepared to be completely bowled over by a director at the peak of his talents and in full control of top-notch material.
FAIR Martin Scorsese's GoodFellas' is a good film, maybe a great film, but it is also difficult to watch at times. At times, it is so brutal you will find yourself looking away.
GOOD Goodfellas and The Godfather saga tower above their competition and deserve their place in the pantheon of American crime pictures.
GOOD Arguably Scorsese's finest hour.
GOOD Arguably the greatest mob movie ever made.
GOOD It's not only the greatest gangster film ever made, but it's also one of the most glaring omissions in the history of the Oscars.
GOOD A multi-generational tale of bad money, it is the defining American movie of the 1990s; Scorsese hasn't made a film half as good since its 1990 release.
GOOD ...one of the best-- and most influential -- American movies ever made.
GOOD Long and brutal, but Scorsese was never better at marshalling his cinematic tools to tell a story ... his definitive statement about the New York City mob.
GOOD A drama that injects your adrenal glands with the thrill of living from score to score and walking the streets with limitless power.
GOOD That Martin Scorsese's brilliant GoodFellas lost the 1990 Best Picture and Best Director Oscars to Dances with Wolves is one of the all-time miscarriages of justice in the history of the Academy Awards.
GOOD The iridescence of, and questions asked by Goodfellas place the film among the great American classics.
GOOD The best gangster movie of all-time and easily, one of the best overall flicks ever.
GOOD It was so well made that it still works today.
GOOD Brutally funny, and often just plain brutal.
FAIR Proves that not even crooks can do whatever they want-everybody is accountable.
GOOD One of the most perfect movies ever made.
GOOD Scorsese's rich tapestry is both broader in scope and more detailed than a mere recounting of the events in the trio's life of crime.
GOOD O filme traz a camera agil de Scorsese e a edicao eficiente de Thelma Schoonmaker, alem de excelentes atuacoes por parte de todo o elenco - em especial de Joe Pesci, assustador como o cruel Tommy.
GOOD A highly disturbing but mesmerising look at the joys and dangers of life in the mob. One of Scorsese's best.
GOOD One of the very best gangster films ever made and a prime example of why Scorsese at his best is irresistible.
GOOD A gripping masterpiece that's pure enjoyment from start to end.
GOOD Scorsese brilliantly juxtaposes scenes of family greatness with those of bleak criminal action. The performances are superb examples of action, delivery, and nuance.
GOOD Goodfellas is a tour de force that brilliantly evokes both the seductive glamour and moral degradation of organised crime.
GOOD It is, in a word, brilliant.
GOOD GoodFellas is an appalling masterpiece of the kind that, along with New York's current well-publicized troubles, is likely to give pause to anyone planning to make a trip to the city.
BAD Compared to less nitpicky gangster fare, GoodFellas still falters.
GOOD It is not a coincidence that Scorsese's three masterpieces all star Robert De Niro.
FAIR This is powerful stuff.
BAD Children of Heaven won me over with its slow gentle build and big sweet heart. I was expecting more of the same with Willow Tree. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.
GOOD A spiritual masterpiece on gratitude, transformation and surrender to God by the gifted Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi. Rumi would love it!
FAIR Anchored by Parastui's luminous, heartfelt performance, [director] Majidi also revels in the joy of sight, especially as manifested in the beauty and lovely colors of nature. The Willow Tree is a powerful and ultimately optimistic movie.
GOOD A perfectly worked out story and a marvelous new step forward for Iranian director Majid Majidi. It is also, in some ways, yet another step forward for his country's cinema, a national art that grows more accomplished every year.
GOOD Explicitly religious, intensely poetic meditations, filled with recurrent symbols and suffused with a spirit of divine apprehension. [It is] sad beyond measure.
GOOD A beautiful, strange film, deeply moving and no surprise from [director] Majidi.
FAIR The film is dignified by Parvis Parastui's memorable performance, which partially offsets Majidi's symbolic heavywork.
GOOD One of the greatest sequels ever.
GOOD The result is among the very greatest American films.
GOOD Breathtaking in scope, Part II also shows the early life of the Don, brilliantly portrayed by Robert De Niro, as he flees Sicily and sails for New York. These sequences have the grandeur of a silent movie by DW Griffith or Erich von Stroheim.
GOOD It is even better than the first film, and has the greatest single final scene in Hollywood history, a real coup de cinema.
GOOD Either taken alone or together with the original, The Godfather Part II is an astounding work.
GOOD Arguably better than the original, this is still an amazing film.
GOOD The plotting is elliptical and the sweep intoxicates, but the contrast between De Niro's meditative Vito and Pacino's soul-starved eyes brings piercing focus to Coppola's resonating study of corrupting power.
GOOD One of the most ambitious and brilliantly executed American films, a landmark work from one of Hollywood's top cinema eras.
GOOD From start to finish, this is filmmaking at its most immortal.
GOOD Instead of sitting in the shadow of the original Godfather, the Godfather Part II added to to the epic and made it even greater.
GOOD Part II is brilliant, but not for kids.
FAIR Often ranked as the greatest movie sequel ever produced, The Godfather: Part II follows Al Pacino's Michael Corleone as he teams up with gangster Hyman Roth (Lee Strasberg) in an effort to expand his empire into the lucrative world of gambling.
FAIR Although it runs a bit long, The Godfather: Part II is still an excellent film.
GOOD ...an epic landscape of events and an exquisite tapestry of characterizations.
GOOD Shadows lurk throughout the movie, as they do over the Corleones' lives.
GOOD A mesmerizing sequel that explores the parallels in the life of father and son.
GOOD A rare sequel to a great film that recaptures and expands upon the mastery of its predecessor.
GOOD O segundo ato da obra maxima do Cinema.
GOOD A rarity: a sequel as great as its A+ predecessor. A powerhouse film.
GOOD A rare sequel that surpasses its classic source.
GOOD De Niro makes a great Vito, and seems to channel Marlon Brando as he transforms into the Don. While compelling in their own right, these flashbacks provide a break from Michael's single-mindedness, and clearly outline the similarities between the two men.
GOOD Could this somehow be even better than "The Godfather"? Decide for yourself while I go watch both movies.
FAIR The stunning text of The Godfather is replaced in Part II with prologues, epilogues, footnotes, and good intentions.
GOOD This is nothing short of magisterial.
GOOD Quite possibly the best sequel ever. EVER.
GOOD A rich, fully realized epic.
GOOD The best sequel of all time.
GOOD One of the best sequels ever made.
GOOD [It] not only lived up to the artistic and dramatic excellence of the first film, but in many ways surpassed it.
GOOD The corruption of Michael Corleone reaches its climax in this, the only proper conclusion to the Godfather saga.
GOOD Each story on its own would work better. Together, it makes it harder to get involved in any of them.
GOOD El Padrino II es una pintura fantastica y detallada de la naturaleza del mal.
GOOD This film is yet another classic of American Cinema.
GOOD The Mother of All Sequels: a film at once both greater and lesser than its predecessor
GOOD Unlike many critics, I don't feel the sequel has the weight of the original
GOOD The only sequel to win an Oscar for best picture.
GOOD Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
GOOD Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum. What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never see the bullet that kills you.
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
GOOD A staggering masterpiece.
GOOD At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't let go.
GOOD It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no comfortable answers for solving any of the problems it so well describes.
FAIR Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
GOOD We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never quite like this.
GOOD As we see kids of no more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't give them what they want, we can't help but pity them.
GOOD "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us. It elicits a response. It pounds away at us until we break...
GOOD Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change. Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
FAIR 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
GOOD a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
GOOD "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never have known existed.
GOOD Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
GOOD Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
GOOD The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
GOOD Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
GOOD For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
GOOD Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
GOOD A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
GOOD This isn't easy to watch. But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
GOOD Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
GOOD The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not really like anything but itself. And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
FAIR ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
GOOD "Rush" does for Racing what "Rocky" did for Boxing.
GOOD One of the best looking and sounding films of the year on top of being one of the most exciting.
GOOD It's a duel of dualism, with audiences leaning into the corners to decide whether to ally themselves with Hunt's hedonism or Lauda's hard-headedness. Howard's triumph is that the choice is never an easy one.
FAIR Morgan's talent for dramatizing recent history remains unimpaired, the race scenes are harrowingly exciting, and Howard gets fine performances from all, especially Bruhl in a showcase breakout role.
FAIR An entertaining movie with two solid performances that only occasionally stalls because of its sometimes heavy-handed treatment of Hunt and Lauda's differences.
FAIR Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.
GOOD Ron Howard understands how to frame intense action sequences, but frequently lacks the emotional leverage to avoid cliche.
FAIR ...a satisfying biopic that gets the job done efficiently and without much fanfare
FAIR Contains plenty of hairpin curves, but its most welcome twist is the way it reverses expectations in its presentations of the rival drivers, Hunt and Lauda.
GOOD As well as brandishing his usual mastery for pacing gutsy dramas, [director Ron] Howard's command over his division of digital artists results in some great sequences once the action moves to the track.
GOOD Really snappy entertainment, and the great art of making slick entertainment for adult audiences has been too long forgotten.
FAIR Rush will find your inner petrol head as you're faced with the reality that there's a knife's edge between death and glory.
GOOD With fine performances, extraordinary evocations of key races, a sweaty '70s feel and a celebratory aspect as we fondly remember two diehard nutters, this isn't called Rush for nothing.
FAIR Hemsworth and Bruhl make Hunt and Lauda into memorable figures, and it is telling that, by the end, I genuinely wanted them to like each other, but still appreciated the fact that they maintained their air of mutual animosity.
GOOD A fine tale about two men intrinsically linked by opposition who agitated each other into the history books
FAIR Good racing movie but with Ron Howard directing I expected more.
GOOD Rush has set the bar remarkably high for any filmmaker who dares to attempt a movie about formula one in the future.
FAIR The best biopics make the viewer understand why the subject is important to them, even if it's not. They find a universality in the topic that sucks you in. Rush never does that.
BAD Without a doubt, one of the most overrated films of 2013.
GOOD Ron Howard and Peter Morgan are a pair to draw to - and 'Rush' deserves to draw an audience.
FAIR The dramatic events of the 1976 Formula One Championship are played out as superficial rivalry between James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
FAIR Ron Howard adds another winner to his resume with this hip, cool-running crowd pleaser that's also a terrifically made movie all-around.
FAIR Works reasonably well in its Hollywoodized way.
FAIR Lacks an emotional punch, but the racing scenes are exceptionally well-filmed.
GOOD With Rush, Howard has not only made one of his best films but has also proven that the combination of car racing and movie need not be a lemon.
GOOD One of the best films this year - or any year. Certainly the finest film about auto racing I've seen because it focuses on the human element.
GOOD A compelling, high-octane thriller, literally and figuratively!
GOOD [It's] about auto racing... but it's much more interesting in showing how two men compete with each other without losing their souls in the process.
FAIR There is an essential decency to all Howard's movies, and Rush is no different.
GOOD A movie that reminds us what a great storytelling medium film can be.
GOOD A thrilling, adrenalin-fuelled ride that recreates 1970s track-side action with aplomb.
FAIR Home-grown jihadists as wankers. How very British.
GOOD Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself.
FAIR Four Lions doesn't always reach satirical perfection, but it comes fairly close.
GOOD [It is] a biting, laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest, funniest comedies in recent memory.
FAIR The comedy is as black as can be, both silly and sharp ... It just doesn't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal.
GOOD Is it insensitive? Jaw-droppingly so. But it's also tremendously funny, and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror, it can't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess.
GOOD The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris's chutzpah for demanding that the film's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film's financing.
FAIR If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy (think Dr. Strangelove) then Four Lions, a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis, is on fertile soil indeed.
GOOD Chris Morris's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time.
BAD [Morris's] new comedy has a provocative, ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers, but can't decide who or what to take with them.
FAIR It's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad, much less one that actually inspires laughter.
BAD The overall result is decidedly uneven: there's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent.
FAIR A dark farce sitting somewhere between "Dr. Strangelove" and "Duck Soup." It will blow you away.
FAIR The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying, and that's OK - even necessary - for now.
FAIR The film wisely doesn't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder: Instead, it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous.
FAIR A comedy (!) about inept suicide bombers
FAIR It proves that everthing is a laughing matter. Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy.
FAIR Four Lions is more interesting than riotous. Consider it an example - a well-paced, clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear.
FAIR Really, these guys are just knuckleheads. And the movie is full of outrageous laughs.
BAD Once you get over the initial novelty, you're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary.
GOOD Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires. But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film.
BAD Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove (1964) -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon. And the firecracker sometimes doesn't even go off.
GOOD An absurdist satire that's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end.
GOOD I think it's appalling in all the right ways. While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable, I'd argue that the subject warrants it.
BAD "Four Lions" is a daring, brilliantly conceptualized film, but like the bumbling bombers of the title, the execution tends to be hit-and-miss.
FAIR It's an exceedingly dark comedy, a wicked satire, a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains. It's fueled by both merriment and anger.
GOOD What's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it's willing to follow this group all the way.
GOOD Brilliant, risky, controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure don't have to be a genius to blow yourself up.
GOOD It's truly an incredible piece of work, and something that needs to been seen, and actually feels essential. It's truly, for better or worse, a film of our times.
GOOD Terrorism is a fact of modern life. There isn't a lot we can do about it, so we may as well laugh about it.
GOOD Brilliantly funny; one of best comedies of the year.
BAD While you can admire the filmmaker for his unconventional means of expressing himself, without any sense of linearity, or character development, it becomes impossible to invest in this picture.
GOOD It's a giant montage; a rhapsody and an elegy, cinema as prayer.
BAD The result is ludicrous self-parody - somewhere between a Calvin Klein aftershave advertisement and a coffee-table book about the modernist mansions of the rich and famous.
BAD With vacant eyes and mouth agape, man continues his seemingly irrevocable fall from innocence, in Terrence Malick's eternally juvenile seventh feature Knight of Cups.
BAD Like Tree of Life, it's best to let the film wash over you and enjoy Lubezki's gorgeous images such as mist rolling over a hillside and various inventive underwater perspectives.
BAD For every pinch of poetry, there are kilos of joyless, uninspired prose.
GOOD Spielberg uses stark, brutal realism to put over his powerful points about racism and ethnic cleansing, and the use of stunning black-and-white photography and gritty hand-held camera footage give the film a potent documentary style.
GOOD Not so important socially as it thinks it is, perhaps, but even more important aesthetically and thematically.
GOOD More than any previous non-documentary Holocaust movie, this one convinces through the accumulation of such detail.
GOOD Schindler's List is filmed in black and white, but the triumph of Neeson's portrait and Steven Zaillian's screenplay is that Oskar Schindler remains gray and enigmatic.
GOOD Spielberg never solves the Schindler riddle, which keeps this from being a truly great picture. He does bring to Schindler's List the technical skill and dazzling smoothness of a movie-making natural.
GOOD What the visual immediacy of Schindler's List does is to prod each of us to fill in the gaps of emotion for ourselves. To put this another way, the more you are able to invest in this superb, demanding film, the more you are likely to get back.
GOOD Schindler's List is one of Steven Spielberg's most powerful films, capturing the tragedy and horror while still finding room to inspire and move generations.
GOOD The moving film may be arduous to watch, but brilliantly acting and painstaking accuracy make it a must-see.
GOOD Profoundly moving, profoundly shocking, profoundly important.
GOOD What Spielberg has done in this Holocaust story is simply and forcefully place us there.
GOOD Accurate, heartbreaking masterpiece about the Holocaust.
GOOD Schindler's List, because it is so finely crafted and authentic, truly allows one to experience the devastating, calculated breakdown of a Polish Jew in 1939 through the end of the war.
GOOD a beautiful masterpiece... even though it's the hardest movie ever to watch
GOOD See website for more details.
GOOD This is a beautifully crafted, hopeful movie.
GOOD A heart-rending and redemptive Holocaust story, this Oscar-grabbing epic added to Spielberg's directorial credibility, showing he could handle controversial, sophisticated stories with real sensitivity.
GOOD Spielberg made the picture with sufficient professional gravitas to signal that he understood the line he was walking. But it is ultimately just a movie, and we all know that in a black-and-white film, chocolate syrup can be read as blood.
GOOD Spielberg has painted his masterpiece with his own blood.
FAIR The [film succeeds] at conveying some of the enormity of the Holocaust, as well as some of its banal details, in a fully accessible manner, at a time when much of our collective memory and understanding of it is rapidly slipping away.
GOOD The movie is raw and unexpected and it vividly depicts the Holocaust in all its monstrousness.
GOOD Dirigido com uma discricao pouco comum em Spielberg, o filme emociona por sua crueldade e conquista gracas a complexidade do carater de Schindler.
BAD There's no trust here from the director that the audience might be able to fathom the horrors of the Holocaust if the lines between good and bad aren't distinctly drawn.
GOOD Spielberg is enough of a master showman to break up the horror with small rewards.
FAIR Spielberg is such a filmmaking savant that it's hard to tell where the cinema ends and the protection of his sanity begins in Schindler's List
GOOD Many (including me) might argue that, for all its excellence, Schindler's List isn't Spielberg's best movie, but it's certain to retain its standing as his most important.
GOOD A classic that stays with the audience long after the closing credits conclude.
BAD A theme park ride masquerading as master's thesis.
GOOD A masterpiece of epic proportions. Nothing captures all the different sides of the terror of the Holocaust as well as this gripping story.
GOOD Because Schindler's List is a movie of such power, scope and intelligence, it will eventually take its place alongside masterpieces like Battleship Potemkin, Grand Illusion and The Great Dictator.
GOOD American History X advocates that "those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it"? It's a powerful social document and should be part of your film watching curriculum.
GOOD A well-made, well-acted and often violent film that offers a compelling portrait of redemption and the destructive nature of racism.
BAD This dark drama is not for kids.
GOOD If didactic and overwrought at times, it's also powerful and persuasive. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a violent film on a weighty topic...frank and honest, its characters, actions, and ideas compelling the viewer to look further and become involved.
BAD Any idiot can make us wince at the ugliness of beatings and shootings.
FAIR Well-intentioned and well-acted but unconvicning, this saga provides an instructive example to the simplistic approach taken by movies when tackling the social problem of racism.
GOOD Pesado e incomodo, discute o racismo com inteligencia e conta com uma interpretacao absolutamente impecavel de Edward Norton.
GOOD Derrick's journey to hell and the one back are portrayed organically and gradually.
GOOD It is Edward Norton's riveting performance as a smart kid seduced by horrible ideas that makes the story real.
GOOD The film stars the electrifying Edward Norton in his best performance to date.
FAIR What partly redeems American History X from its most preachy excesses -- and makes it worth seeing -- is a brilliant, career-high performance by actor Edward Norton.
GOOD Con soberbias actuaciones, ejemplifica como el racismo es una de las ideas mas huecas y estupidas que tiene el ser humano
FAIR does a searing job of portraying the neo-Nazi community and what makes them tick.
BAD Though well-intentioned, turns out to be a simplistic and unconvincing look at a serious problem.
GOOD A powerful and disturbing drama about prejudice.
GOOD Folks, this powerful movie really impressed me with its subtle steps towards its message.
GOOD A very good movie.
GOOD What brings it above the problems with its source material is fine acting all the way around.
FAIR For all its faults, still makes a lasting, thought-provoking impression.
GOOD The film packs a hell of a punch!
FAIR We get that racism is bad. American History X works because it risks showing us why some people believe it's good.
FAIR A confused, randomly compelling family melodrama.
BAD The ending is a misfire.
BAD The tone is so muddled that there's a whiff of exploitation to this movie that's unsettling at best.
BAD if you've forgotten how to stay calm while somebody probes you with a pointed object such as racism -- stay home or make sure you watch this film to the end.
BAD Among the biggest deficiencies in the story is the lack of proper motivation for Derek's beliefs and actions.
GOOD American History X has enough fiery acting and provocative bombast to make its impact felt!
FAIR It's difficult to sit through, but well worth the effort.
GOOD Norton delivers a disturbing, heart-felt and ultimately heart-breaking performance.
GOOD A moving and involving film, tackling the tough subject of racism in America, displaying its causes and allures, as well as its ultimate senselessness.
GOOD This is a very good film, visually terrific, and containing that awesome Edward Norton performance that I hope gets remembered at Oscar time.
GOOD If you can stomach the graphic nature of the film, you will witness the most honest depiction of modern American racism since Spike Lee' s Do the Right Thing.
GOOD No other feature film takes such a cold hard look at the lure, the culture, and the brotherhood of white supremacy.
GOOD Passionate tale of lost and regained love.
FAIR Atmospheric but watery romantic melodrama
GOOD A funny, touching, sumptuous, and incredibly romantic ode to the joys of love and food.
FAIR Good food metaphors and solid romantic story.
GOOD "sensual and constantly surprising"
GOOD ...not since Tom Jones has food taken on such erotic meaning.
BAD Great game, bad storytelling. Soccer buffs only.
FAIR A treat for soccer fans who have yet to see their favorite game given its due on the big screen. This won't be a classic soccer movie, but it's a start.
FAIR Enough enthusiasm, authenticity, and spirited soccer play to offset the missing ingredients.
BAD Snooze.
BAD Angelo Pizzo's screenplay is rife with the expected sports and gamesmanship cliches, and he and Anspaugh take forever just to get to the game action, which is the only really worthwhile material.
FAIR These guys give a sport that is virtually nameless in the movies a good name in this one.
BAD ...this soccer tale is about as exciting to watch as a scoreless match between opponents so defense-minded the ball never gets beyond midfield.
BAD The Game of Their Lives has little to recommend unless you're jonesing for a generic period piece boasting lots of slow-motion sports montages set to swelling music.
BAD Pure, unadulterated sentiment served up with a straight face, The Game of Their Lives is a middling depiction of one of the all-time great underdog stories in sports history.
FAIR Too many references to the inevitable popularity of soccer in America make [the film] less about the players' lives and more about selling soccer as a spectator sport.
FAIR Game Of Their Lives wants to be the unabashed, feel good movie of the year, not that there's anything wrong with that
BAD A victory by the upstart U.S. team over a 'highly regarded' English squad in the 1950 World Cup is the basis for this extremely selective flashback.
BAD The Game of Their Lives covers its story like an assignment, not like a mission.
BAD The maker of Hoosiers and Rudy barely makes do with the soccer-themed drama The Game of Their Lives.
BAD Like a corner kick that doesn't quite bend, Game is a faithful, straightforward docudrama that fails to become something more rewarding.
BAD David and Goliath roll in their graves.
GOOD The sequences of the actual games are extraordinarily realistic...
BAD This narrowly focused, devotional film details (to a fault) how a rag-tag assemblage of Sunday soccer players defied all odds in achieving an American dream.
FAIR ...an eye-opening behind-the-scenes glimpse at an almost alien landscape.
BAD For a motion picture that, at the time of shooting, was intended to be relatively hip and cutting-edge, it is now so laughably outdated it almost feels like science-fiction.
GOOD Like the rest of Stone's oeuvre, it's about as subtle as a sledgehammer. But his filmmaking style is like heavy metal: When he hits the right chords, nobody plays with as much power or brash energy.
FAIR Some of the 1980s-era details may seem a bit dated, and the movie's attitude toward women is slightly despicable, but the overall story arc, echoing the "Faust" tale, is timeless.
BAD ...blustery and unsophisticated, like many of the movies of Oliver Stone.
FAIR It's solid, but no showcase for HD.
FAIR a compelling drama that is exceedingly well acted (with the obvious exception of the wretched Daryl Hannah)
FAIR Writer-director Oliver Stone, who shows an uncanny knack for anticipating public interest in the subjects he chooses, explores the much-publicized inside trading scandals of the mid-1980s.
BAD Stone's attack on the excesses of the Me Decade could easily be dubbed Mr. Smith Goes to Wall Street.
GOOD If it's possible to have dialogue that's too stunning for the film's own good, that's the case with "Wall Street."
FAIR Wall Street is Stone's snarling condemnation of the Go-Go junk bond king buy 'em, break 'em, and sell off the parts '80s.
BAD Wall Street isn't a movie to make one think. It simply confirms what we all know we should think, while giving us a tantalizing, Sidney Sheldon-like peek into the boardrooms and bedrooms of the rich and powerful.
GOOD The Yuppies' "Field of Dreams."
GOOD The definitive look at the corrupt side of American business.
GOOD One of the most important films of the 80's. Nothing but powerful.
GOOD Stone's direction is solid and confident without being overtly flashy.
FAIR Wall Street gives us a whirlwind tour of instant Manhattan wealth - one that catches our interest, but doesn't satisfy our need to understand what makes these people tick.
GOOD 'Greed is good... greed works,' Gekko intones famously in Wall Street, and it was meant to be a shocking pronouncement at the time. That's the attitude that feels old-fashioned now.
GOOD A great film worth seeing, not only for the message it delivers, but also for the smoothness of it that makes it entertaining.
GOOD Director/co-writer Stone, with [Michael] Douglas at the epicenter, erects an overdone behemoth of a movie that, like Boesky himself, is an ageless -- and, at times, cliched -- cautionary tale.
GOOD Stone's most impressive achievement in this film is to allow all the financial wheeling and dealing to seem complicated and convincing, and yet always have it make sense.
FAIR Wall Street, in large part due to the timing of its release, became more than just a movie. It became a declaration of the moral bankruptcy infiltrating elements of society, and Gekko's words were an ode to that philosophy.
BAD Thomas Wolfe may have been right when he said you can't go home again. But, in this case, you really shouldn't.
FAIR Bujold anchors the film and brings to it a crucial sense of multiple levels. She and Fletcher, although seen only in flashbacks as Esther, lend crucial support to Brenner, as do others. There's more to Finding Home than may meet the eye.
GOOD Captivating cinematography by Jeffrey Seckendorf and a charming performance by the still beautiful Genevieve Bujold highlight a multi-tiered love story inside a delightful mystery.
BAD What happens between these characters might be incredibly traumatic for them, but there's little in it for us.
BAD Finding Home may have been created with a lot of sincerity and heart, but little of it comes through to the audience.
FAIR Pulp thriller for Lambert fans.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is an entertainment without a particular point of view.
FAIR Much as I admire Costner, it is the very qualities of honesty, honor and sincerity he projects so forcefully that encumber this Robin.
GOOD There's no subtlety in this Robin Hood, but subtlety isn't everything: Grit and obviousness have coarser charms, and the director makes much of these.
FAIR The fight sequences are explosive, the physical production is impressive, and the supporting performances are full of juice.
BAD No longer a study in swashbuckling bravura, it is a depressive political allegory in which wit is as rare as a ray of sun in the gray British sky.
FAIR With so much money and talent at work here, though, this latest incarnation of the legend is considerably smaller than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Costner is not a Robin Hood for the ages, but in this expensively mounted production, he'll do as a Robin Hood for the summer.
GOOD Buckles are truly swashed and derring-do effectively done in this 12th-century adventure, which simply sets out to entertain handsomely and does so with a great deal of dash, flash and panache.
FAIR In the end, and only just barely, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves delivers the goods, chiefly on the power of a thumpingly vibrant last 40 minutes and some excellent swordplay choreography.
GOOD It was good in 1991. It's still good now.
FAIR One of 1991's biggest hits, for reasons increasingly obscure. Costner and company struggle desperately to make the Robin Hood legend relevant to contemporary audiences.
BAD The popularity of over-scored, "let's hug" bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls.
FAIR The bones of the story are comfortingly familiar, the action is rollicking, and the metaphorical moustache-twirling of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham is priceless. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...the film is so broadly characterized by melodramatics and overacting, it made ripe pickings for Mel Brooks two years later with his parody.
FAIR If not for Rickman and Freeman, this would be nigh unwatchable.
FAIR It wasn't exactly an epic, but it was entertaining, and that's good enough.
BAD Laughably bad. No threat to Errol Flynn.
BAD The only redistribution of wealth engaged in by this Robin Hood occurs at the box office when you hand over your money for admission. What a large scale mess this is.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a murky, unfocused, violent and depressing version of the classic story, with little of the lightheartedness and romance we expect from Robin Hood.
FAIR A famous story made Hollywood compliant
GOOD It is not Great Cinema, but it's really freaking good entertainment, smart without being brainy and nice without being saccharine.
FAIR League wants you to laugh more than anything else, and Hanks makes sure that you will.
FAIR Any roughness is smoothed over by the talented cast and a great deal of charm and affection for the era.
BAD Marshall's methods overwhelm the material, and what emerges is a movie utterly without personality. A unique chapter in American history becomes a movie as ordinary as they come.
FAIR It's a cinematic home run, certain to please filmgoers who don't know a catcher's mitt from an oven mitt.
BAD Few of the other performers make an impression. A director who can lose Madonna in a crowd can't be said to appreciate charisma.
GOOD The agenda here is clearly along the lines of good-natured vignettes, smart one-liners and a healthy dose of heartstring tugging.
GOOD Terrific tweens-and-up story of women's baseball.
FAIR As uneven as an amateur baseball game.
GOOD the film combines humor, historical trivia, and the thrill of baseball to create a fully entertaining, fictional tale
FAIR Enjoyable enough as a baseball comedy, even though Marshall overplays the drama.
FAIR entertaining but a bit sweet
GOOD Layered comedy-drama is worthwhile viewing
GOOD A League of Their Own still stands out because there are elements in it that everyone can enjoy, whether they like or loathe sports.
GOOD "There's no crying in baseball!"
GOOD One of the best baseball movies of all times; just remember, there's no crying in baseball!
FAIR An excellent comeback vehicle for Hanks, and a good film, overall.
FAIR It is a fitting tribute to those who played and those who kept the league going for over 10 years.
GOOD Tremendously enjoyable
GOOD This was probably supposed to be a feminist manifesto, but the men steal the picture.
GOOD A well-performed, snappily written and well-intentioned piece of entertainment that, surprisingly, has some historical information and a gently pitched line of social commentary running through the comedy.
FAIR Watchable, star-studded fluff
FAIR The movie has a real bittersweet charm.
FAIR The story of the short-lived women's baseball league gives Marshall the opportunity to examine the roots of modern feminism and have a darn fine time doing it.
FAIR The result is an enjoyable, if lightweight comic fiction.
FAIR Your basic Black Trenchcoat Movie.
FAIR The movie benefits from an air of earnest goodwill and well-turned performances.
FAIR The film refreshingly portrays its kids as part of a diverse group trying to succeed in a country in which they can never find secure footing.
BAD Spare Parts tries too hard to be a based-on-a-true-story, feel-good, crowd-pleasing, triumph-of-the-underdogs movie.
GOOD It's these moments that elevate American Sniper beyond a jingoistic refrain and into a relevant reminder of the sacrifice of war, even to its biggest heroes.
FAIR True story about underdog teens is predictable but sweet.
BAD Puts a nice heart in a rusty vehicle.
BAD In the end, "Spare Parts" proves to be more exhausting than it is inspiring.
FAIR At times, Spare Parts sails perilously close to the saccharine. But the film is a fine example of a message movie that does justice both to its important subject matter and to its characters' inner lives.
BAD Spare Parts stands and delivers on its own intriguing merits.
BAD Though based on a true story, "Spare Parts," like every other studio product, rehashes cliches from other movies so as not to unduly challenge the audience.
FAIR The characters in "Spare Parts" all go through changes that are true to many immigrants' decidedly mixed experiences in the American melting pot.
BAD If "Stand and Deliver" struck many as a hard-hitting look at life in the urban ghetto, "Spare Parts" seems like a Disney after-school special by comparison.
BAD Derivative, overlong, a bit humor-starved, but watchable -- a "Race With the Sun" with robots
FAIR "Spare Parts" is the kind of feel-good underdog movie that almost can't help getting waylaid by cliches. Happily, the real story is strong enough - and unlikely enough - to overcome most of those kinds of problems.
FAIR ...at its best when the story and period trappings serve Lynch's vision, and vice versa.
GOOD This stylish, poignant drama is probably the closest director David Lynch has got to the mainstream outside of the disastrous Dune.
GOOD The playing is finely judged, the black-and-white cinematography is effective and the whole thing manages to be truly moving in a way that overcomes all the "I am not an animal!" schmaltz.
GOOD Heartbreaking drama isn't for sensitive viewers.
GOOD A moving, faithful retelling of a bizarre true story.
GOOD One of the year's best films. Only DeNiro could take the Oscar away from John Hurt.
GOOD In this follow-up to the amazing Eraserhead, David Lynch exposes undercurrents of anguish along with an emotionally accessible tale of Merrick's nobility--a Victorian morality play disguised as an elegy to freakishness
GOOD Has the look and texture of an authentic document, elevated by the hand of a artist with a singular vision
GOOD This black-and-white film already includes several Lyncian benchmarks: hissing noises, nightmare sequences, and moments of deadly quiet.
GOOD Perhaps Lynch's finest moment -- Both disturbingly odd and surprisingly humane.
GOOD David Lynch does a neat turn with a straight drama.
GOOD Spectacular
BAD I kept asking myself what the film was really trying to say about the human condition as reflected by John Merrick, and I kept drawing blanks.
GOOD The Elephant Man is a memorable film about human survival and a powerful commentary on human exploitation.
GOOD Beautifully acted and photographed in absolutely gorgeous wide-screen black-and-white, the results are rarely less than stunning, despite the lapses into the melodramatic.
GOOD My apologies to the fans of the absurd, but I'd call this David Lynch's one true masterpiece.
GOOD Avoids the obvious traps of simple romanticism and playing into sheer pity for Merrick's noble plight.
GOOD This tale of a pure soul struggling to be heard over the prejudice of the many is quite heart-rending.
GOOD Understated and masterful in its use of costumes, makeup, and low-budget camerawork, David Lynch's portrait of John The Elephant Man Merrick stands as one of the best biographies on film.
BAD This film is so painfully awful that no pleasure can be found in criticizing it.
GOOD This is an inherently moving story, and director Mark Jonathan Harris has the wisdom to trust that.
BAD At the risk of sounding like a cad, I'll go ahead and admit that Into the Arms of Strangers is dreadfully boring and uninspired
GOOD A great human document, deeply moving, unforgettable.
GOOD Faces which carry history. That's what you will take away with you after watching.
GOOD Still resonating as powerfully today as when these black events first unfolded.
GOOD At its best, the film gives a human face to stories of unimaginable suffering and unexpected triumph.
FAIR A compelling document.
FAIR This extraordinary documentary can be seen as a meditation on Francis Bacon's thought: "If one be gracious to strangers, it shows you are a citizen of the world."
FAIR Producer Deborah Oppenheimer's journey of discovery about her late mother's past appears legitimately destined for award consideration.
FAIR Students of both the dark and bright side of human nature cannot afford to miss it.
GOOD The tales here are worth being told, and worth hearing.
GOOD An extraordinarily fine and understated documentary.
FAIR Into the Arms of Strangers was produced with the help of the Holocaust Museum in Washington; it is a valuable, if necessarily fragmented, part of that institution's attempt to convey the enormity of what the Nazis did one life at a time.
BAD A laughable disaster.
FAIR Exciting fantasy flick has Connery voicing the dragon.
BAD Harmless family entertainment, but not especially satisfying.
FAIR Seeing a large CG dragon talk like Sean Connery is mildly disconcerting. What's weird is the big lizard actually kinda looks like our beloved bald Scot.
BAD The script and the direction drags a lot. It gets way too wordy at times.
FAIR This mildly engaging castle-storming adventure is best pegged as a family comedy.
BAD The leads lack chemistry and the movie has a very cookie-cutter love story that was far too predictable.
BAD Whatever romance Gruen summoned forth from this rough and tumble world of show people living by their own laws in a traveling, self-contained world of poverty and cruelty, director Francis Lawrence has hacked and ground it off.
FAIR "Water for Elephants" is a surprisingly good film that once again shows that first impressions aren't everything.
FAIR Effectively hits the right emotional beats with crucially the right amount of restraint.
FAIR I love it when a film surprises me.
BAD The film is certainly striking to look at but the story is hackneyed with too much exposition
BAD It plays like a book with half of its pages ripped out. It moves quickly enough, but it's never convincing and the actors never get much to chew on. The end result isn't really a 'whirlwind' romance; it's more like a tumbleweed.
FAIR The real appeal of this movie is the epic backdrop of the 1930s-era train circus. This is where the special effects and costuming budget went.
FAIR Pattinson and Witherspoon may be the movie's heart, but Christoph Waltz provides the hydropower that drives Water For Elephants  to its explosive, destructive conclusion.
FAIR This is sweet, but it's pure candyfloss.
BAD There's no doubting the luscious detail and feel for the period, but the love triangle that inevitable kicks in is a little too rote, even for those in a forgiving mood.
FAIR It's a gorgeous film to look at, but far too cliched and limitedly-acted to be much better than average.
FAIR This is the kind of old-fashioned sweeping romance that would have played the bottom half of a double-bill in the 1940.
FAIR Water for Elephants has a distinctly daytime movie feel to it, shot in soft, golden tones with an unchallenging plot.
FAIR It's a fast-paced adventure tale like they used to make 'em, a slice of old-fashioned Hollywood that traverses tragedy, romance and exotic travel.
FAIR Circuses have thankfully changed a lot since 1931 (when this is predominantly set) but it's a fascinating time and place to visit and a lot of the appeal of Water For Elephants comes from its setting.
BAD There isn't really enough here to propel the story and hold your attention for two hours.
GOOD I think it's maybe the best circus movie since The Greatest Show on Earth.
GOOD I was totally entranced from the opening moment to the end.
FAIR A deceptively enjoyable, very old-fashioned romantic drama.
FAIR A new era movie star headlines an old fashion drama to satisfying results in Water for Elephants.
FAIR It lacks the humour and charm to elevate itself above its modest generic ambitions, but it's a perfectly enjoyable piece of pulp cinema that successfully repackages archetypal characters and scenarios.
FAIR Something under this big tent went missing, and the deficiency just doesn't allow for cheers from some of us in the critical crowd.
BAD Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, and Water for Elephants finds immense pleasure in juxtaposing extreme dimensionality with budding emotion.
BAD The bad news for Pattinson is that it offers him nothing to do except play a more grown-up character, one whose dullness is amplified by the misfortune of having to share so much screen time with Christoph Waltz.
FAIR Pattinson isn't quite the stiff he appears to be in Twilight, the costumes and sets look great, and the film could be recommended to patients who have been advised by their doctors to avoid stress or excitement.
GOOD Water For Elephants may not be the greatest movie on earth, but it's far from being a white elephant.
BAD Without Waltz, this might qualify as perhaps the dullest circus movie ever made, dragged down by a sappy script and a soppy romance.
FAIR Director Francis Lawrence knows what he is doing and doesn't get too ambitious with this old-fashioned piece of storytelling.
FAIR A visual treat and a fascinating look at circus life in a bygone era. If only this were a little more memorable.
FAIR This is high romantic melodrama: Titanic on dry land, with the doomed liner turned into a Thirties travelling circus careering towards catastrophe.
BAD There's a formidable cast here, and on paper, the movie should have a fair bit going for it.
FAIR Vapidly pleasurable, the film works within a simple and well-worn groove, but it does work, almost in spite of itself.
FAIR Its mechanical aesthetic suggests that rather than having to sublimate what remorse Tom Ripley might feel toward his actions, he simply doesn't experience any.
GOOD This expertly made film is utterly mesmerising. And its exploration of ruthless ambition is still fiercely timely.
GOOD Alain Delon excels as gentleman psychopath Tom Ripley in Rene Clement's beautifully restored classic.
GOOD Delon is a terrifically good in the role: his almost unearthly perfection is creepy itself, as if he is imitating a human being.
GOOD Highsmith had some doubts about the ending, which feels less daring than the one in her book, but there's a clever irony to it Hitchcock would have appreciated.
GOOD Tempering Hitchcockian intent with the experimentalism of the French New Wave, the result is as seductive as it is suspenseful: a bracing study of amorality.
GOOD It's Delon -- impossibly beautiful, impossible to read, cold, cool -- who steals the film.
GOOD Condemned now to exist in the shadow of a talented impersonator, this earlier adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's remarkable novel has been all too readily overlooked, despite possessing considerable charms of its own.
GOOD Plein Soleil remains a masterpiece. It defined the career of its director, who became known as the French Hitchcock.
FAIR Clement's strategy is to film Ripley's actions with little editorializing and the film is both laid-back and taut at the same time, especially in the second half of the film as the stakes get higher and it becomes more of a thriller.
GOOD 'Talented Mr. Ripley' with a French accent; stylish and memorable
GOOD A fascinating earlier version of 'The Talented Mr. Ripley' that features a much different murderous protagonist.
FAIR Tom isn't your average Hitchcock hero, he has the advantage of being a sociopath
GOOD An oddball example of the genre.
FAIR Although Purple Noon is a singularly thrill-less thriller, it is lovely to look at.
GOOD Rene Clement's subversive direction makes us root for Delon to pull off a tricky tightrope disguise as suspicious police pursue him from hotel to apartment and town to town.
BAD Stylistically, the film takes risks before veering into an odd sort of studied artiness.
GOOD Another victory for a first-time, full-length feature filmmaker with a curious, inventive eye and an unsparing point of view.
BAD Riedel reveals herself to be a novice filmmaker, especially in the pacing of most scenes.
FAIR A lovingly crafted portrait of a kind of life not often seen on the big screen.
FAIR Like Blanca and her friends, walking languidly down the street, then spontaneousy grabbing a shopping cart for a ride, Reidel plays with the rhythm of her enjoyably unhurried tale.
FAIR If your taste is for movies off the beaten path, run out and see this one before it disappears.
FAIR With the Garcia Girls, Riedel will take the right audiences someplace this summer.
FAIR Riedel's film is a breakthrough achievement and a hopeful sign of more to come.
FAIR The film is sensitively told and appealingly bittersweet, though the story at times meanders and loses its way.
FAIR With equal measures of discretion and honesty, Riedel directly addresses the sensuality of all three women, achieving an almost startling sense of intimacy in scenes that range from mesmerizingly intense and gently comical.
GOOD Three generations of Garcia women trying to spice up their lives with sex during a hot and boring summer.
FAIR Unlike so many of her peers who depend on music to do everything but deliver the dialogue, [director] Riedel isn't afraid of silence; early in the film there's a solid minute of noiselessness as the camera lovingly pans the town, establishing the story's
GOOD Three strong women given a chance to come alive. What a concept!
GOOD Bless me father for I have fornicated, and loved it!
FAIR This is a quaint little film that's easily overlooked, but a savory, lazy-day treat if noticed and given a chance.
GOOD If "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" can make $200m, I'm damn sure that this is a film that could do likewise, given half the chance.
BAD Intense and very involving drama by Belgian director Joachim Lafosse.
BAD Brilliantly acted but oppressively dour.
FAIR Ingeniously uncomfortable but occasionally too opaque, Private Property is a darkly inventive family drama.
GOOD Thanks to the acuity of their performances, the old adage "You always hurt the ones you love" rings new and true.
GOOD Huppert is superb, her lonely heroine both sympathetically vulnerable and yet also slightly culpable for her sons' terribly selfish behaviour.
GOOD There's not a wasted word and the performances are impressive in Joachim Lafosse's hugely impressive film.
FAIR Once again Europe shows Hollywood how to put together a funny, sexy, scary, thought-provoking drama and pack it into 90 intense minutes
FAIR Lafosse gives it an arbitrary rest without clearing up a few mysteries, which unfortunately means he doesn't have to acknowledge or deal with them.
GOOD An impeccably acted character drama revolving around a mother and her teenage twin sons, Private Property shows how strong and how terrifying the bonds within families can be.
GOOD What draws us into "Private Property" is how so many things happen under the surface, never commented upon. At any given moment, we cannot say for sure what the characters fully feel, since they often act at right angles to their emotions.
FAIR [Director] Lafosse's frustrating, yet beautifully elegiac coda emphasizes the point that his production and storytelling style have been making throughout: Private Property is about processes, not conclusions.
FAIR French actress Isabelle Huppert has made a career out of playing women on the verge of ... something. Suicide, nervous breakdowns, disastrous affairs -- you name it, Huppert's characters have had it.
FAIR [Director] Lafosse's razor sharp dissection of relationships strained to the breaking point is hypnotic in a road-accident kind of way.
FAIR Huppert is, as usual, superb, proving yet again that she is the finest actress working in France today.
FAIR The performances are impeccable, but while director Joachim Lafosse carefully creates an atmosphere of suffocating dread, he could have let a little more air into this simmering hothouse.
FAIR Private Property has the pulse of an emotional thriller, but without commercial cinema's usual shrieking violins and storytelling beats.
FAIR A tightly structured family drama that accurately portrays the domestic wars that can drive family members apart.
GOOD Rhythmically, narratively and emotionally propulsive, this Joachim Lafosse film finds the almost predictably magnificent Isabelle Huppert as a woman of a certain age, trying to swim to the surface with a weight around her leg -- make that two weights.
FAIR Huppert's state of dead-end panic during one scene is an example of how she keeps the story at a human level, preventing it from becoming some stale and intellectual homily about female emancipation.
BAD Made for tween girls.
FAIR Duff carries off the lead role with confidence and grace, exuding a kind of fresh-faced naivete not often found in other young female stars these days.
BAD 10 Reasons Why You Should (Or Shouldn't) See Raise Your Voice...
BAD In watching the anemically manipulative Raise Your Voice, one wouldn't mind calling for a touch of well-needed laryngitis.
BAD It's 'Fame,' 'Footloose,' 'Peyton Place,' and 'Hilary Duff's Greatest Hits' rolled into one moist glob
BAD This ain't Fame. It will not live forever.
BAD This film is nothing more than a series of cliches strung together with a lot of shots of Hilary Duff in tight tank tops.
BAD Hilary Duff's latest vehicle ought to be a hearse carrying the ashes of her career.
BAD Hilary Duff finds "Fame" amid this tepid, tremulous fluff, aimed specifically at 'tweens.
BAD Sean McNamara directs this pleasant piece of fluff that is aimed at teens.
BAD Raise Your Voice is like a Hallmark movie of the week produced by an MTV intern.
BAD A sanitized version of "Fame" for the pre-teen set
BAD When Homer Simpson takes a can of Duff beer and crushes it against his thick skull, it's curious how the resulting object has all the dimension of one of Hilary Duff's roles.
BAD "Raise Your Voice" is nothing to shout about. But it's nothing to shout down, either.
BAD [Most viewers] will be left wondering, between endless soundtrack-selling video montages, how a girl with such a wispy baby-girl voice got into a serious music program.
BAD Even the kindest reaction to Raise My Voice is likely to be 'shut your face.'
BAD To be fair, the normally likeable Duff gives an adequate performance, but the poorly executed scenes in which Duff's singing voice was clearly post-dubbed and her own lack of emotional range keep the film from rising to whatever potential it may have had.
FAIR The music in Raise Your Voice ... manages to bring home what the uninspired script doesn't: Something in you dies if you don't express your musical talent.
BAD A teen movie so inspirational and heartwarming that it comes with its very own lip gloss.
FAIR It's particularly good at capturing that time of life when you simultaneously believe everything is possible and that each tiny misstep is the end of the world.
FAIR Duff at 17 is so easy to take. She radiates without smugness, like the blessed offspring of Marilyn Monroe and a virile marshmallow.
BAD Under Sean McNamara's direction, the film seems sappy and superficial, a voice barely raised to a whisper.
BAD An earnest and eager Fame for the young and the tin-eared.
BAD One could be forgiven for thinking of Raise Your Voice as a Disney Channel special that was mistakenly spun out into the multiplexes.
BAD Overlong, blandly soporific movie.
FAIR Not since the students spilled out onto the streets in Fame has musical performance been so infectious a part of coming of age.
BAD The filmmakers make a big show of striving for sincerity and substance, but they so load the dice that their movie is heavy-going from start to finish.
BAD Gives Duff another chance to play a contemporary Cinderella, but she still isn't able to find real character depth. Then again, the script doesn't demand much of her.
BAD A boring, badly written, cliche-heavy outing with lousy production values, various moral messages unfit for childhood consumption and songs from the known-carcinogen school of pop.
BAD A miserable waste of a harebrained script fleshed out with mediocre performances by a flailing cast.
BAD The film suffers from a syndrome I'll call the Pop Princess's New Clothes. Hilary can't really sing, and neither can Terri, so you can't help but wonder, what's the big whoop?
BAD Like most performers who chuck TV fame for the big screen, [Duff] follows one grim vehicle (A Cinderella Story) with this even worse one just a few months later.
BAD If it's possible, each successive Hilary Duff film seems to become more formulaic than the one before... just as each has become more predictable and treacly.
BAD Her dad was right about one thing. Something terrible did happen to her in Los Angeles. She made this movie.
BAD If it weren't such a crippling cliche it might be moving, but it is insanely trite and not poignant at all; worse, it's unintentionally funny.
BAD The movie is the most fun kind of terrible.
BAD So nondescript that its anonymity becomes its very personality.
GOOD ...the film ultimately earns a place for itself within the pantheon of effectively stirring romantic tearjerkers.
FAIR While it may be discerned as more a vehicle for the actors' reunion than a creative gem, the contributive factor to its attractiveness is the chemistry of the match.
FAIR Even if you are rooting for this film to succeed, you find yourself sitting through the tear-jerking part of the movie without feeling terribly wrapped up in it.
BAD Nights in Rodanthe is the cinematic equivalent of a Harlequin novel with a pack of tissues shoved into the back cover.
BAD The actors once again work well together, but they should have quit when they were ahead.
BAD Diane Lane and the Tuscan countryside prove to be a more dynamic duo than Diane Lane and the Outer Banks.
FAIR Bring tissues.
BAD I will say this about Nights in Rodanthe: spoken Nicholas Sparks is preferable to written Nicholas Sparks.
BAD A singularly unsuccessful look at mature love.
BAD You can make a good movie out of schmaltz. This isn't one of them.
FAIR You know,s ometimes a movie is worth it just because of its texture.
BAD The comparative savvy that Wolfe showed in HBO's stage-to-TV transfer of Lackawanna Blues has gone missing.
BAD Even though it is competently mounted, Nights in Rodanthe's unrestrained sentimentality will no doubt make many girlfriends swoon even as it makes their boyfriends squirm uncomfortably.
BAD Lane and Gear ensure that Nights in Rodanthe is never less than watchable, but it's scuppered by an overly sentimental script and fails to deliver the required emotional punch.
FAIR The word formulaic doesn't quite cover it, but our two leads just about hold their heads above a tidal surge of sappy plotting, contrived dialogue and choppy editing.
FAIR There is nothing new here - but taking the film on face value, everything that needs to be done right is spot on.
FAIR It ticks the right boxes to be a hit - the tear jerking aspect being key to the word of mouth - but it's a movie that rarely breaks out of it's average confines.
BAD Indoors, there is elegant if unconvincing emotional drama you can see coming from half a mile down the beach, with very little com to lighten the rom.
BAD As homespun as a crocheted teacosy; as folksy as an heirloom patchwork quilt and as manufactured as reproduction Shaker furniture - that's Nights in Rodanthe.
BAD Just about provides the goods as a romantic weepie but not the best Sparks adaptation.
BAD Broadway director George C Wolfe's inexperience with visual storytelling makes everything go with a clunk. Shame.
FAIR It's like The Bridges Of Madison County with more shouting, only not nearly as good. No surprises whatsoever, but nice scenery, attractive stars and another credible, affecting performance from Lane that hoiks it up an extra star.
FAIR Richard Gere's latest is the sort of weepy that gets shown on daytime TV in between the over-50s life insurance ads.
FAIR This is one of those unapologetic, tear-jerking romances. There's nothing really wrong with that, but it occasionally lays things on a little thick when it should have been holding back.
BAD Though the leads are attractive. the plot collapses under the weight of its ridiculous circumstances.
BAD This involving movie ultimately succumbs to a severe case of the weepies, as we know it must
FAIR A tad clunky and sappy and yes, even hokey. But, the picture still works. I was always engaged, I was always interested in what happened next, and I was always entertained.
FAIR A modern-day romance between two mature people.
FAIR Everything is painfully set up and contrived, while almost none of it seems even passingly real. In its favor, however, the movie looks good and the stars are appealing.
FAIR ...Lifetime Television with a Steven Spielberg budget.
FAIR Sure its soapy and saccharine but that is exactly what Nicholas Sparks' fans want
BAD Typical Sparks formula: difficult circumstances, unlikely love, delirious joy, gut-wrenching tragedy, and redemptive moral. Unfortunately, this film doesn't deliver the goods.
BAD Richard Gere and Diane Lane are swathed in so much cheese in Nights in Rodanthe, this weepy story should unfold in Wisconsin instead of a tiny strip of land off the coast of North Carolina.
BAD Another sappy soap opera for Nicholas Sparks fans satisfied by panoramic seascapes offset intermittently by lingering interludes of dysfunctional strangers locking lips and loins.
BAD perfectly calibrated to jerk tears with the precision of the atomic clock at the U.S. Naval Observatory, and with the irresistible insistence of an industrial grade milking machine
FAIR Despite stretches of credulity in the plot, the on-screen chemistry between Gere and Lane carries the movie.
FAIR An unbelievable premise, but sweet and romantic.
FAIR Touches the audience's heart without being sappy.
GOOD Driver and Duchovny shine in romance with heart.
GOOD Every time I see this it is better and better. Bonnie Hunt is an amazing writer.
FAIR Have a heart.
FAIR Heart-warming.
FAIR A charming romantic comedy tragically bogged down by the uncomfortable avoidance of its central plot point.
BAD The grisly weight of that central premise hangs over the proceedings like a bloody pinata.
BAD Why does the film have to be two hours? Does no one hire an editor anymore?
BAD Not a horrible movie, but not a good one either.
FAIR Predictable, sporadically engaging fable.
FAIR An entirely formulaic piece of comedy-melodrama with scarcely a moment of real drama and featuring repartee engaged in by codgers without a genuine dab of wit.
BAD While Return to Me plays out, you are not bored, but you also are not as satisfied as you could be.
FAIR Return to Me manages to disarm with its charm and delight with its bite.
FAIR Easily the most sane and encouraging romantic comedy since the far more polished, but equally expansive and ethnically flavored Moonstruck.
FAIR There is a satisfying, old-fashioned Moonstruck sensibility at work.
FAIR This PG-rated trifle is the perfect movie to take your parents to see without fear of embarrassment.
FAIR Old-fashioned as all get-out, Return to Me is swathed in an unabashed feel-good tone.
GOOD Intelligently co-written and ably directed.
FAIR writers have kids of their own.
GOOD A sweet love story, far more affecting than the average romantic drivel because it's so much less phony.
FAIR A sweetly amusing tale about the human heart.
GOOD How it makes you feel depends little, if at all, about your position on abortion. The procedure acts as a MacGuffin for caustic commentary about Communist clampdowns and a friendship's annihilative death spiral through loyalty, desperation and sacrifice.
GOOD Grippingly horrible.
GOOD [A] brilliant, suspenseful, absolutely riveting film.
GOOD Better viewed as an illustration of the extreme dynamics of a friendship of personality contrasts than as a movie about illegal abortion or oppressive Communist regimes.
FAIR A stark, thought-provoking and disturbing insight into the harsh reality of life under the Ceausescu regime.
GOOD If you love slow moving character studies with a provocative subject matter, then go see this right now.
GOOD A real kick in the gut
FAIR Like another recent streetwise Cannes prize winner, the Belgian film L'Enfant, it is stripped of sentimentality and pretense. It is visually static, glacially paced and dramatically unvarnished.
GOOD This is a low, slow whistle film. Just wow. Gripping. Emotionally honest. Frustrating, too. Sad. Not one many pro-lifers would enjoy although the message coming at me loud and clear was 'nothing is worth going through that!'
GOOD I'm glad I saw it, even though I can't imagine ever wanting to see it again.
GOOD ...a stark bleak testimony to friendship and the indomitability of the human spirit.
FAIR (Cristian) Mungiu creates great screen tension when he introduces the black-market abortionist.
GOOD It may not have been remembered at Oscar time but it's cinema you won't soon forget.
GOOD It's an astonishing piece, and Cristian Mungiu establishes himself as a world-class director.
FAIR Un drama austero, que puede resultar en una experiencia tensa, agobiante y hasta repulsiva, acerca de un tema polemico sobre el cual la pelicula evita tomar partido.
FAIR The minimalist realism is a drawback as well as an asset.
FAIR The riveting second half rewards your patience and tolerance for emotional pain.
GOOD There's no obvious 'style' in 4 Months, unless you count utterly natural acting, brutal but compassionate storytelling and disciplined camera work as a style.
FAIR [Anamaria Marinca's] convincing performance as the clearly conflicted Otilia holds our interest throughout the film.
FAIR Just as Romanians got used to eating bones with little meat on them, they must also have gotten used to movies with very little dramatic meat.
GOOD A brilliant and discomfiting film.
GOOD The mesmerizing 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days represents another outstanding offering from Romania, a country in the throes of a cinematic renaissance.
GOOD A film of brutal, breathtaking intelligence, a work of pellucid, shimmering art without a scintilla of compromise, 4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days is surely one of the very best films of the year. And you can pick the year.
FAIR Virtuosic, assured, and possessed of undeniable aesthetic force, it's also hard not to turn away from.
FAIR Proceeding with a blunt and sometimes brutal relentlessness, 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days impresses and engrosses as a work of stark, spare naturalism.
GOOD The film emerges as a devastating personal drama, a suspenseful horror story and a powerful statement about life under a repressive regime.
GOOD A powerful film and a stark visual accomplishment.
GOOD Writer-director Christian Mungiu has made the choice to let the material play out in a calm and even-handed manner in the hopes that the despair and barely-contained anger that he is trying to convey will come through without having to underline them.
GOOD This is a beautiful film about ugly circumstances, set in 1987 near the end of the Ceausescu era in communist Romania.
GOOD The absolute clarity of the storytelling, the aching authenticity of the performances make for a film that will stay with you for at least as long as the period alluded to in its title. It might stay with you forever.
GOOD Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
GOOD The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
GOOD While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
GOOD By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
GOOD Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
FAIR ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
FAIR It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
BAD Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
GOOD Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
FAIR ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to.
FAIR Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
GOOD Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
GOOD [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
GOOD Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
BAD Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
FAIR An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
FAIR Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
FAIR The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
FAIR A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
BAD The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
BAD If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
FAIR It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
FAIR A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
GOOD The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
FAIR There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
GOOD Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
FAIR This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
GOOD ...one of the best films of the year.
GOOD The movie won five Oscars and, if anything, improves with age.
GOOD Michael Cimino's Oscar-winning epic The Deer Hunter brought the emotional, homefront legacy of the Vietnam War vividly to life for audiences around the world.
GOOD The idea of sacrifice permeates everything, along with the cruelty and horror. This is Cimino's masterpiece.
FAIR Heart-on-sleeve stuff that works despite some of its more egregious impulses.
GOOD Impressively, Cimino manages to fluctuate involvingly between cynicism and compassion in what feels like a three hour cinematic ache.
GOOD Art is long, we Cimino champions go on hopefully asserting. Life and injustice are short.
GOOD It's an American tragedy indebted to Russian literature, alive with detail and ritual and embedding viewers in the souls of men, the heart of a community and the spilled guts of a nation.
GOOD This multi-Oscar winner from Michael Cimino remains one of the finest and most controversial movies about the Vietnam War.
GOOD Is it as good as its advance word and nine Academy Award nominations suggest? Yes.
GOOD The film's depiction of a senseless war remains relevant as long as power-hungry leaders continue to play Russian roulette with the lives of young soldiers.
FAIR Held together with a phenomenal cast, The Deer Hunter is a powerful film but also controversial in many ways.
GOOD The friendship between the three central characters, as well as their shared association with the men from their small hometown, is truthful and realistic in a way that most guys will find impossible to resist.
GOOD The first half and second half of the film couldn't be more different but that is the genius behind the film.
GOOD Like an honorable soldier, Cazale gave everything he had for a cause in which he believed.
GOOD Gauging the shifting moods of the 1970s, this tale of life and love disrupted by war is as arresting as a bullet to the brain.
GOOD A visceral film that says volumes about the horrors of war and its impact on the lives of typically well adjusted people.
GOOD This is probably one of the few great films of the Seventies.
GOOD It is a heartbreakingly effective fictional machine that evokes the agony of the Vietnam time.
GOOD A simultaneuosly touching and harrowing experience that puts the audience directly in the shoes of one man's experience of Vietnam.
FAIR A hollow movie that only play-acted at meaning; the sucker was us.
GOOD Draggy and devastating by turns
FAIR Overlong, but with moments of greatness.
GOOD Brutally memorable.
GOOD Long but effective Vietnam drama. The russian roulette scenes are haunting.
GOOD Cimino's blistering and psychologically gripping account of the Vietnam-era damaged psyche. The Deer Hunter is an astonishingly potent and towering exploration on the war experience to ever be intensely filmed
BAD Quite possibly the most overrated movie ever.
GOOD One of the greatest war films of all time.
GOOD A brilliant war movie with stunning performances.
GOOD A lyrical, slow-to-unfold story of the devastating effects of a tour in Vietnam on three close friends.
GOOD The actors in the principal roles are so convincing and the movement of this story, told on such a grand scale, is so compelling that its greatness is undeniable.
GOOD [It dwarfs] almost any other film that deals with the ugly reality of war.
GOOD Though the arc of the story is fairly predictable, Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyate bring humanity to their roles.
FAIR The film is a matter of Brenda Blethyn's performance vs. Sotigui Kouyate's presence.
FAIR There isn't a whole lot of nuance in writer-director Rachid Bouchareb's unapologetically political story. But Blethyn's performance ultimately draws viewers in.
FAIR It would be nice to say that Bouchareb, who also wrote and directed "Days of Glory" and "Outside the Law," succeeds. He does not entirely. But he doesn't fail, either.
FAIR [T]wo strangers surprisingly find that horror makes the globalization of terror very personal [with] Blethyn's convincing performance [as] a desperate mother.
GOOD An engaging morality play about the quest of an English woman and an African Muslim to find their children after the 2005 terrorist attack in London.
FAIR Blethyn and Kouyate inhabit and expand the film's earnestly instructive intentions, leaving us with a deeply-felt experience rather than a naively-sketched lesson.
BAD "London River'' features on-target acting by its two leads, but they receive scant support from the wobbly plot.
FAIR Demonstrates how great acting can infuse a banal, politically correct drama with dollops of emotional truth.
GOOD There's such a graceful sense of restraint in how this real-life tragedy is treated, one that filters any potential for ripped-from-yesterday's-headlines sensationalism through a respectful requiem of loss and grief.
FAIR Although the film occasionally cuts away to contextualized clips from news reports, it keeps its focus small-scale, filtering the world historical through the intimately personal.
FAIR The film's message about these worried individuals and the larger family of all humanity is a bit obvious at times, but the performances keep you watching.
FAIR The emotion feels credible, the connections seem real and, if only briefly, the title truly earns its metaphor -- the same river does run through us all.
FAIR Un retrato humano, sobrio y sensible, que reflexiona sobre los prejuicios y la tolerancia racial, cultural y religiosa en el contexto de los atentados terroristas de Londres. Estupenda labor de sus dos protagonistas.
FAIR This gentle melodrama uses the July 2005 terrorist bombings in London as a jumping off point for a tender tale of clashing cultures united in grief.
FAIR A low key drama about parental instincts crossing international/cultural/religious boundaries as well as a haunting reminder about how little we know our children once they've fled the nest, London River feels unexpectedly one-dimensional.
FAIR This is a noble tribute to a day we all witnessed five years ago, and pray we will never see again.
BAD London River effectively sidesteps direct comment and full-blown tragedy in favour of mild melodrama and a heartening dose of diversity-studies sermonising.
GOOD Quiet and contained, this film feels like a TV movie due to its somewhat gentle look at a serious issue. But there's real strength in its performances
GOOD Old fashioned and low key, London River feels like a dour kitchen sink chamber piece from the Sixties.
FAIR It's taken a very long time to get released here. But London River is a thoughtful, resonant meditation on 7/7.
GOOD An insight-filled take on prejudice in post-11/7 London that packs a hefty punch.
FAIR In the film's latter stages, Blethyn's heart-on-the-sleeve acting style finally combines with the marvellous Kouyate's watchful intelligence and frail dignity to moving effect.
FAIR There's only been one 7/7 film before this -- the shrill nonsense-fest that was Incendiary. Thankfully, this is much better.
GOOD An engrossing and engaging drama with two fine performances by two veteran actors.
GOOD Blethyn brings tremendous empathy to the introspective, determined Elisabeth, while the tall, gaunt and dreadlocked Ousmane fleshes out his less-dimensional role with a haunting sadness that speaks volumes.
FAIR Great performances, but for adults only.
FAIR This isn't a serious movie, despite Denzel Washington in full eruption and giving his calloused lines more weight and authority than they deserve.
GOOD Marred slightly by an unsatisfactory climax, this is a cracking cop drama anchored by great performances and intelligent direction from Fuqua.
GOOD Thumbs up, without question. Unfortunately, Training Day could have been so much more than it is.
GOOD Denzel Washington delivers a remarkable performance in this enthralling and unique tale of a corrupt cop, completely transforming himself into an unexpectedly imposing threat.
GOOD ...an intelligent and riveting action movie that doesn't rely on a lot of special effects to tell a genuinely interesting story.
GOOD While most critics have chosen to highlight Washington's performance as the standout, it would be unfair not to mention Ethan Hawke, who plays the rookie Hoyt with a perfect patina of guileless enthusiasm.
FAIR It is unfortunate that the script by David Ayer is so riddled with pretense, but Washington, Hawke, and their supporting cast do all they can to play through.
GOOD Gritty good-cop/bad-cop drama is elevated to greatness by Denzel Washington.
GOOD Trashy cop-thriller entertainment of the highest quality: well-made and superbly acted, with Washington in line for a possible Oscar nomination.
GOOD For those of us who rank Denzel Washington among the best actors America has ever produced, it is more a thrill than a shock to see him take on the showy, villainous role he plays in Training Day.
FAIR I can't quite recommend the film.
BAD It aims to be a contemporary L.A. Confidential but crumples with a simplistic, unbelievable climax.
GOOD Larger than life ... a classic tale of good vs. evil.
FAIR There's an edgy, authentic rhythm to this gritty undercover cop drama that's boosted by strong performances ... and then undermined by an appalling ending.
BAD There are a few rather unfortunate plot coincidences that undermine the tension the first half of the film, and with the proper conclusion already wasted, we wait impatiently for the standard movie-ish plot conventions to wind down to the end.
FAIR A direcao de Antoine Fuqua jamais perde o dinamismo, mergulhando o espectador em um incrivel estado de tensao.
BAD [Washington] wasn't acting, he was grandstanding.
FAIR When the characters start taking obscene amounts of physical abuse and coming back for more, it manages to help you take the film's events less seriously... something that would have helped from the start.
FAIR ...an obsequious vehicle where Washington can strut his dastardly stuff in an otherwise penetrating but arbitrary streetwise adventure. Personally, this undercover movie reviewing narc finds Training Day a kind of tough pill to swallow.
FAIR I don't quite understand why screenwriters try to cram their more nuanced or interesting characters into something as conventional as the final act of Training Day.
FAIR All of the action takes place during a single day, and there's enough action in this one short period to fill the entire career of a normal cop.
FAIR If its content is over-the-top, well, it's still engrossing.
GOOD A brutal, fierce, and tense police thriller, Training Day takes a well-worn format and infuses it with freshness and verve.
FAIR Trama interesante llena de personajes tridimensionales y sustanciosos que seguramente haran pensar al espectador en los tiempos actuales que vivimos.
FAIR There's strong stuff here, a good meal for the appetites of life-on-the-line, action-craving audiences, especially those who enjoy seeing bad cops portrayed for the world to see.
GOOD One of the most intriguing studio films of the year.
GOOD Not just a cop movie
GOOD The film reaches a point of high drama, for sure, but when Edith Piaf's voice rises over the final minutes, the gothic climax curls into a wicked grin.
FAIR ...there's little doubt that the film is occasionally just a little too uneventful for its own good.
GOOD Pawel Pawlikowski's open and poetic new film proves without a shadow of a doubt that his stunning Last Resort from 2000 was no fluke.
BAD One of those depressing, angst-and- lust-driven films the British do so well, or poorly, depending on your tolerance for this sort of thing.
FAIR A perfectly diverting, perfectly forgettable summer fling.
BAD any time the film deals with religion, it slips from introspection into near caricature
FAIR When compared with most of what passes for honest teen drama these days, My Summer of Love is a real reprieve.
FAIR My Summer of Love is one of those promising little gems that comes along and gets lost in the hype generated by Hollywood's flood of blockbusters.
GOOD Pawlikowski doesn't spend much time explaining his characters or telling us why they do what they do, and that's exactly why they remain so compelling.
FAIR As coming-of-age stories go, My Summer Of Love is far more provocative and mysterious than most.
GOOD It is a truly refreshing grown-up big-screen film.
GOOD Arguably the best film of the summer, perhaps even the year.
FAIR A portrait of adolescence at its most innocent -- and most resilient.
FAIR While the movie's young lovers happen to be female, this is not a story of forbidden fervor, but one that effectively captures the first flush of teenage infatuation and passion that will resonate with anyone, of any sex.
GOOD It is at once a beautiful work of artifice and a convincing reflection of life's messy ambiguities. Aesthetically contained, morally uncertain.
GOOD An exquisite exploration into the realms of seduction, obsession, deception and disillusionment.
FAIR My Summer of Love is less entertainment than it is a pleasant experience, but Pawlikowski's adept handling of his talented cast also gives it staying power.
GOOD conveys the desperation of a man whose redemption seems to be slipping away
FAIR You get multi-dimensional characters that are usually absent from summer movies.
FAIR It's all very mesmerizing, for them and us.
GOOD For those seeking just another cinematic girls only "bump 'n' grind" along the lines of Wild Things, perhaps a trashier film should be sought.
GOOD My Summer of Love had me at hello.
FAIR My Summer of Love is not a kiosk for lesbian love, either. It's the story of two needy, sexy girls willing to make confusion a way of life, for one tough summer.
GOOD My Summer of Love is willfully romantic -- and just as smart about the dangers in that.
GOOD That's what makes this such a strong coming-of-age story; we feel Mona evolving, but until the last few frames, we aren't sure what or who she's become.
FAIR My Summer of Love remains stubbornly stalled between 'artistic' lesbian hubba-hubba and such tougher fare as Peter Jackson's superior Heavenly Creatures.
FAIR Brilliantly evokes the sleepy, slightly unreal atmosphere of teenage summers that seem to stretch endlessly into the future.
FAIR Pawel Pawlikowski is helped by his young leads, who make a memorable impact in this unsettling romance.
BAD Even with Richard Jenkins's strong turn as a grizzled mentor and ex-athlete, 4 Minute Mile is a limp sports drama that fails to be inspirational or inspired.
BAD 4 Minute Mile at least has the decency to acknowledge that it's aware of its underdog sports-movie cliches, especially the ones that made The Karate Kid such an '80s classic.
FAIR Even if the story itself has been around the track a couple of times, veterans like these know how to bring it safely home.
FAIR It's a moving, if occasionally heavy-handed, sports drama that deserves a wider audience than it is probably going to find in its limited release.
BAD There's a similar redolence to 4 Minute Mile overall-the odor of a hard-working but underachieving movie that's 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration.
BAD 4 Minute Mile is watchable thanks to Richard Jenkins, but its overall blandness and familiarity will cause it to evaporate from your memory in a flash.
GOOD This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
GOOD How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection? If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't need a special category for those flicks we call 'classics.' Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic. It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
GOOD O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
FAIR ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
GOOD Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
GOOD [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
GOOD A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
FAIR The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E. Lawrence.
GOOD Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E. Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
GOOD It's a truly magnificent film.
GOOD For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
FAIR The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
GOOD Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
GOOD An epic achievement in filmmaking.
GOOD A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
GOOD A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
FAIR If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
GOOD Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
GOOD One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
GOOD Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
GOOD Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
GOOD ...the best epic the screen has ever seen. In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
GOOD The fundamentally episodic nature of the narrative limits its impact somewhat, but Boorman again finds a spark in a frisky coming-of-age story that tracks the growing pains of an entire nation.
FAIR A wartime comedy of manners, it's a delightfully whimsical portrait of 1952 England, a time and place of class discord that's both uproarious and politically pointed.
BAD I wasn't especially amused by the anecdotal plot.
FAIR Once again Boorman has tapped into a particular sort of nostalgia that his audience truly feels, even if the experiences of his characters are nothing like their own.
FAIR The movie is a sweet-natured, easy-going bit of storytelling, and while Bill may be the central character, Queen and Country is really a movie about England. And it's a love letter to a particular time and place
BAD The actual antics feel as tonally dated as the story, school-boyish shtick that went corny even before M*A*S*H married screwball shenanigans to wartime bleakness.
FAIR The director gets all the period detail exactly right and there are plenty of historical and cultural references that evoke a sense of nostalgia.
GOOD Queen and Country finds exhilarating comedy in places usually reserved for drama, violence, loss.
GOOD In short, [you may realize] how expert presentation can draw you into a world, immerse you in the lives of others, and make you sorry to leave when it's over.
FAIR A little too silly to be taken seriously, yet also too heavy to get all the laughs it very clearly craves, "Queen and Country" at least shows where Boorman's schizoid, if less than wholly satisfying, sense of storytelling comes from.
FAIR There's no way around the fact that this is a lesser endeavor than "Hope and Glory," but when it's good, which is often enough, "Queen and Country" glows with a master storyteller's sense of memory.
GOOD A worthy follow-up to a classic.
GOOD Boorman returns to the classical style of the movies he enjoyed at a young age, again showing his flexibility and commitment to finding a story's ideal tone.
GOOD Charming but mature post-WWII coming-of-age drama.
FAIR Sturdy, moving, nostalgic in a good way.
GOOD To watch "Queen and Country" is to get the impression of a man who has gone through life and actually learned something, which not everyone does.
BAD Queen and Country reveals itself as a prime example of the stale storytelling and ignorant ideologies audiences waved good riddance to years ago.
GOOD For a movie shaped by the harsher mercies of martial pursuits, it's incredibly light and frequently hilarious.
FAIR It works, but not entirely.
GOOD A direct sequel to 1987's Hope and Glory -- and the best thing that John Boorman has made since.
FAIR Modest but still disarming ...
FAIR Boorman skillfully takes major historical events and filters them through small, personal moments.
GOOD Not as engaging as 'Hope and Glory' but more deceptive in its modesty.
FAIR A deeply personal memoir, so well written and carefully observed that it draws the viewer into the ambience of postwar England with a persuasive power that makes you feel you're part of the same experience.
GOOD For cinephiles who've followed this 82-year-old British filmmaker's long and sometimes eccentric career with interest and admiration, "Queen and Country" will be a sure winner.
FAIR A lovely movie, as achingly bittersweet as all nostalgia, marked by surprising moments of commonplace beauty - a brilliant morning sky, a gently burbling Thames - and real rough emotion.
GOOD Sweeping, witty, delightful and charming while brimming with warmth and humanism.
GOOD A sequel to Hope and Glory set in postwar England that proves to be an impressive coda to English writer/director John Boorman's illustrious career.
BAD As a solo viewing experience, this is feeble indeed, but invite some friends over for a BYOB bash and its entertainment value rises substantially.
FAIR Even if it is a compromised version of the TV show, it's far, far better than nothing.
FAIR Fluffy, good-natured, endlessly quotable fun, just like you remember it.
FAIR Shot in the same campy style that characterized the TV show, all the cast members look like they are having a great time chewing up the scenery.
FAIR 1960s flick won't appeal to today's kids.
FAIR Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles
GOOD Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.
FAIR It exists.
FAIR Campy fun
FAIR The delirious idiosyncracies of the '60s Batman are all on display...a pleasant-enough romp that's just a little too-distracted with its new toys. [Blu-Ray]
FAIR If you loved the series, the movie is what you would expect.
FAIR It's goofy, cornball charm sure wears a lot better than the last two "serious" Batman flicks.
FAIR For camp value only
GOOD Why do they always try to revamp Batman when they got it so right almost 40 years ago?
FAIR Holy Cornball Camp, Batman! This movie's a hoot!
FAIR While the film is far from perfect, it's meant to be that way.
BAD Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.
BAD I can't recommend the film although it does have its moments.
FAIR Fanning makes Currie's fame- and pharmaceutical-fueled transformation/liberation at once exhilarating and terrifying.
BAD [It chooses] to merely nod at the more complicated, strange and exciting aspects of the band's story and spend most of its time touching on the usual stuff
FAIR In age-appropriate casting, Fanning doesn't put a platform boot wrong in her portrayal of a valley girl rock chick (circa. 1975) growing up way too fast, with neither the inclination nor the wherewithal to slow down.
FAIR Director Floria Sigismondi brings the tale of this real-life pop-punk band to the screen with the traits of a vapid, glossy promo video. And it works! A shame about the length then.
FAIR It's not so much a shock to the system as a series of practised strokes, yet -- for moments at a time -- it makes you squirm happily in your seat.
FAIR Sigismondi's dramatised account of the band has echoes of Almost Famous as it captures a tangy flavour of the hunger for fame and the bittersweet reality of success in the Seventies rock scene.
FAIR For the most part it works, thanks to painstaking recreations of hazy disco-era dive bars, faded roller rinks and seedy motels, plus a ballsy performance by Kristen Stewart.
GOOD Fanning captures Currie's surly "Cherry Bomb" style effectively, particularly when dolled up in the notorious white basque that Currie is remembered for; Stewart is even better as the furiously smouldering Jett.
BAD Given that the band were more about attitude than music, there's not a lot of substance here.
FAIR There's a wham, bam, thank you, man, quality to this music biopic that makes it a pleasurable rock rush that's easy on the eye, even if it fails to do much more than skate the surface of the band of its title.
FAIR Maybe The Runaways is Linson's way of showing that he can make a success of this subject, and I think he has done, with a film which shows how brutal and sexist rock'n'roll is.
FAIR As far as music biopics go this is conventional fare, while the songs - like the fashions - haven't aged well. But with both women giving their all, you can't fault the enthusiasm.
FAIR Exuberant and aggressive but also questionable and ambivalent.
BAD Hazy both as a portrait of teenage excess (a lot of pouting, kissing, and kicking of dustbins) and as an account of The Runaways' fame in the second half of the 1970s (they appear to have been big in Japan).
FAIR Essentially, this is Currie's sob story and it can feel too self-pitying at times, though the high-wattage pairing of Stewart and Fanning keeps it together.
FAIR Cringe-making fun for survivors of the '70s.
FAIR Really, how can you not love Joan Jett weeing on a guitar then slipping over in her own piss? It's Frank Spencer meets Sid Vicious.
FAIR The result is an entertaining mess: lively and stylish, but frustratingly inconsequential.
FAIR In the end, the girls' limited degree of 'success' is a brutal reminder that if you are not in control and are flying too close to a hot lamp, you're likely to get burned.
BAD The film follows the band down the bog- standard rock 'n' roll madness route, and the shallow script doesn't offer much of an insight into Joan or Cherie's personalities along the way.
FAIR The Runaways is let down by its inability to decide where the story ends, but it will doubtless resonate with anyone who ever dreamed of quitting school to become a rock star.
FAIR Okay, so it's not quite as rock'n'roll as what Garbage's Shirley Manson did to her boyfriend's corn flakes. But give the girls a chance, man.
BAD If it wasn't for the music, this biopic would be a total dud.
GOOD Dakota Fanning's pre-teen innocent appearance contributes greatly to the captivating nature of her metamorphosis into rock diva in The Runaways.
FAIR A music-based biopicture about a female hard-rock band that paved the way for many others by proving that chicks can play as well as the guys.
GOOD A hugely enjoyable trash fest. The perfect way for Runaways virgins to pop their Cherry Bomb.
FAIR Deciphering any real meaning from the flame-out of The Runaways is almost impossible. Luckily, there are three fantastic lead performances that always keep things on the right side of watchable.
FAIR Cherry Bombs implode in this revealing biopic of teenage rockers on the edge in The Runaways.
FAIR It has problems but it does do one thing well: it captures the madness and exhilaration of being young, hungry and female in '70s rock'n'roll, a time when when glam rock and punk collided with a sort of feminism.
FAIR The Runaways succeeds in being as brash and trashy as the source material, and just as fun.
FAIR This cautionary rock 'n roll ride is both entertaining and deflating.
BAD 'The Runaways' lacks an anarchistic punch - an authenticity and angst so distinctive of the band's rock n' roll revolution.
FAIR What keeps The Runaways from becoming yet another story of a group being exploited by a Svengali-like manager is that Sigismondi frames the story by having the girls learn from Fowley before slowly discovering how to develop skills that leave him in the d
FAIR The Runaways isn't bad -- it's got spirit and spunk -- but it fails to really punch across this vital period in rock history.
BAD Angelic Dakota Fanning isn't very convincing as either a sexed-up, David Bowie-obsessed teen or a drug addict.
FAIR Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning power the film through its lulls by the sheer force of their performances.
FAIR Cute romantic comedy OK for most older kids.
FAIR Runs a half-hour too long, and it drags through its multiple endings. Runaway Bride has plenty of delights, just a few too many.
BAD Remember the romantic sparks between Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in Pretty Woman? In Runaway Bride it's more like a damp fizzle.
BAD Better than The Princess Diaries. And if that's not damning with faint praise then I don't know what is.
BAD A runaway bore!
BAD That charming thing only works if the story is good.
FAIR Julia Roberts es la unica razon por la que vale la pena verla
BAD Stuck on auto-pilot, and therefore, comes off as a tiresome excursion into terrain that has been covered too many times to count.
BAD Flawed and unpleasant!
FAIR While the hackneyed dialogue that swims throughout the entire film is flaw enough, the feel-good ending drowns the show thoroughly.
BAD After seeing Gere and Roberts play much smarter people, it is painful to see them dumbed down here.
BAD A clumsy motion picture that strives so hard for the perfect romantic ending that it triggers a gag reflex along the way.
FAIR Gere and Roberts evidence enough genuine chemistry on the screen to fill a dozen run-of-the-mill romances.
BAD Gere and an almost ethereally radiant Roberts have never been better than in this sometimes herky-jerky breeze, which keeps improving as it goes.
GOOD A picture-perfect summer romance!
GOOD It's a sure bet.
FAIR The well-matched stars pick up where they left off on that Hollywood fire escape nine years ago.
FAIR Although Rocky II builds itself around a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, the movie is anything but a lazy sequel.
FAIR Sly sequel is as predictable as a gym workout.
GOOD Pretty good sequel, among several that followed, this time directed by Stallone.
GOOD Considerably less satisfying than the original Rocky, but head and shoulders above the later installments.
FAIR ...can't help but come off as the most needless installment of the bunch...
GOOD "Rocky II" represents far more than just a good-looking fight. It's all about trusting in yourself and overcoming fear in striving for greatness.
BAD Rocky II has a waxy feeling, and it never comes to life the way its predecessor did.
GOOD The best of the sequels. Explores the aftermath of Rocky's success.
GOOD While cruder than the first film, Rocky II successfully drives its hero back to the underdog status needed to make the final fight as exciting and satisfying as it is.
FAIR Tolkien fans, who are familiar with novels, will find it enjoyble, while others may be confused by the action.
GOOD What most people remember is the mix of the live-action tracing within the traditional animation and just how effectively creepy it managed to be, but for the time this did a pretty good job of adapting the dense novels.
BAD It's a reckless film, blitzing through some plot points and stalling out over others; the lack of a particular rhythm does not do it any favors, and it is certainly not a fast 133 minutes.
BAD Animated adventure too dated and dark for younger kids.
FAIR The live action version trumps it in every conceivable way; there simply is no comparison. And yet Middle Earth is still better off for its presence.
GOOD ... in retrospect it feels like an elegant, appropriately sized adaptation - with some beautiful animation work.
FAIR The film is visually compelling even when murk overtakes the narrative.
FAIR Falls far short of the charm and sweep of the original story.
BAD ...a noble effort, original in concept if disappointing in execution.
FAIR The hobbits all look like Joey Lawrence -- what's up with that?
GOOD An atmospheric fairytale romp across the landscapes of Tolkien's imagination.
BAD I didn't like this film version of Lord of Rings. If it's any comfort, fans won't like it either.
FAIR Quite interesting and rather original.
GOOD Funny, but not a light comedy for youngsters.
FAIR The greatest pleasures come from the acting.
FAIR The movie's too long, and the direction is sometimes slack -- but the script is crammed with withering ripostes, ably delivered by Nicholson and Hunt.
GOOD Not only one of the best romantic comedies of the year, but one of the best films in ages.
BAD An inflated TV show by a sitcom creator.
FAIR The character is written as the most unlikable person one could ever meet. Despite this fact, Jack manages to make the character sympathetic.
GOOD Like Broadcast News, James L. Brooks' new film is a dark-edged adult comedy that hits the spot for those who like their romances splashed with acidic wit.
FAIR Even the familiar scenes and situations look refreshing.
GOOD Humorous, romantic, personal.
GOOD An honest, original comedy about recognizable human beings.
GOOD This is Jack at his best, the kind of role that makes him a star. He gets to bear his teeth, take control of a room, and be devilishly cuddly at the same time.
GOOD Nicholson is so darn good!
GOOD 'Melhor E Impossivel' e muito mais do que um roteiro bem-escrito. Este e um filme que se apoia totalmente nas interpretacoes de seus atores principais.
FAIR Romance comedies definitely come better than this, although perhaps not lately.
GOOD Brooks is fortunate to have Nicholson in the lead, because it is by his natural charm and smirking wit that his character gets away with everything he does.
GOOD It's a mark of how magically written, directed and acted As Good as It Gets is that we end up loving this film despite knowing how haphazard, scattershot and almost indefinable its charm is.
GOOD A black but realistic comedy about life and how it sucks and also how impossible it is to fall in love with someone sane, but still it's no excuse for not enjoying yourself.
BAD There's not a whole lot of story here to prop up the constant emotional yanking.
FAIR This movie was a nice try.
FAIR As Good As It Gets is decent, if not vintage, James L. Brooks, made all the more palatable by that man Jack Nicholson.
GOOD One of the funniest movies I've seen all year.
GOOD The story isn't especially interesting, but the way it's performed is marvellous.
GOOD You'll be reminded of why Nicholson became one of the biggest stars of his generation.
FAIR It's funny but fitful.
FAIR By the time we leave the theater, the warmth of love has melted the coldest heart.
GOOD How [Brooks] emerged an abler artist is worth puzzling over; I suspect it has something to do with sheer instinct triumphing over industry machinery.
GOOD Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
GOOD Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
GOOD An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
FAIR Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
GOOD Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
GOOD This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
GOOD Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
GOOD Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
GOOD From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
GOOD Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
GOOD A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
GOOD This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
FAIR If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
GOOD By far, one of the best films of the year.
GOOD As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
GOOD The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
GOOD Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
GOOD Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
GOOD 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
GOOD Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
GOOD ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
BAD ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
GOOD Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
GOOD Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
GOOD Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
GOOD Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
FAIR De Niro's feature directorial debut is not a second-tier Scorsese film. Though telling a familiar coming-of-age story, it finds a new angle in depicting the irrational and subconscious origins of racism.
GOOD Beautiful story
GOOD A wonderful, touching tale about growing up and making decisions.
GOOD A superb directorial debut by DeNiro, a work that rivals Goodfellas.
FAIR Average effort.
GOOD De Niro's first trip behind the camera proves that he's been doing his homework. This is a masterful debut, and a great film altogether.
