FAIR Contrived though the situation may sound, Akers orchestrates it with style
FAIR Until it tries to mean something, Straight-Jacket is an enjoyably manic little farce whose wit far exceeds its production budget.
BAD At its best when it's sending up '50s-era Hollywood and it's at its worst when trying to make a serious point.
BAD It's a shame, then, that Straight-Jacket turns dour and melodramatic ... The light-hearted fun seeps out of the movie, replaced by trite interludes of coming-out angst, McCarthy-era persecution and even gay-bashing.
BAD The perkiness with a capital P, gorgeous set and great color can't completely salvage an occasionally strong cast and middling story (and don't forget a lousy, if literal, title).
FAIR Movies can never again be so corny, campy and PC clumsy as some of the howlers of the 1950s and '60s. But Straight-Jacket has a spiffy and gay (both senses) time joining the party.
BAD It has verve, color and energy, but there's something fundamentally bogus about it, and whenever it takes a turn into seriousness, entire moments fall apart.
FAIR Day's pyrotechnic dialogue and instinctive comic timing make Straight-Jacket a delight.
BAD This featherweight spoof of closeted, Red-baiting Hollywood in the mid-1950's is played as such an exaggerated cartoon that its political outrage is dissipated by its stridency.
BAD Though its heart is in the right place, everything gets tangled up in the film's lunacy.
BAD Save your money and rent one of those old Hudson-Doris Day comedies instead.
BAD Whatever pleasures it holds, Straight-Jacket is highly uneven.
FAIR This clever confection adopts the genre conventions of the era's madcap romantic comedies and, later, melodramas for its tale about barely closeted movie star Guy Stone.
FAIR A campy, fun, old-fashioned romp that's just a bit light in the loafers.
GOOD This obvious take on the life of Hollywood movie star Rock Hudson contains that same hard edged humor I came to love in Girls Will Be Girls.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
