FAIR Really quite fun. Up to a point.
FAIR The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand.
FAIR The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp...
FAIR A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget.
FAIR A very slow start threatens to derail The Green Inferno, but once the terror begins, it never lets up and Roth once again proves why he's a master of horror.
FAIR if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you.
FAIR It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them.
FAIR An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
BAD There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope
GOOD Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
BAD In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended.
FAIR The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street."
BAD I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say.
BAD The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on.
GOOD Uneven; definitely has its moments.
GOOD As good as The Ring is, it can't top the original for sheer, shivering terror.
GOOD A sure, stealthy shocker which certainly primes you for the sequel.
FAIR David Cronenberg could perhaps compete with Nakata but unfortunately only lesser mortals have attempted to replicate the feeling that Reiko has plunged into something with which even her psychic powers can't compete.
GOOD Ring has indescribably disturbing moments that frightened me out of my wits. But like many of the Japanese horrors that followed, it sometimes has an elliptic and confusing storytelling style that can make plot-progression muddy.
FAIR The original retains its power to chill, although in the age of the DVD and the download, the idea of a haunted video cassette seems positively archaic.
GOOD The finale, too, still feels as twisted, bizarre and down-right nightmarish as it did all those years ago.
GOOD Subtly expressive faces and spooky interiors are the order of the day in this original, powerful treat.
GOOD A landmark in horror cinema, Japan's Ring is arguably the most chilling pieces of popular supernatural cinema of the 90s.
BAD Bog standard horror offering with a distinct lack of action or plot.
GOOD A blockbuster in Japan, this restrained horror film crosses urban legend conventions with Asian ghost story traditions, and the results are truly spooky.
GOOD It hit something primal in me, turning me into a quivering ball of nerves; my 'fight or flight' switch was turned to flight and then broken off.
GOOD It's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you've seen the remake first. Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity, [yet] are worthwhile.
FAIR Neither inferior nor superior to the Hollywood version.
GOOD Good ol' urban legend stuff.
GOOD Contando com uma premissa curiosa, o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense, culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memoria.
GOOD contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
GOOD If it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with Ring, an indisputably spooky film; with a screenplay to die for.
FAIR If nothing else, this movie introduces a promising, unusual kind of psychological horror.
GOOD Even if it's been tailor made for Japanese schoolgirls, it still had me screaming like one.
FAIR Girlhouse is just another nudie horror flick at first glance, but a strong finale finishes things off with a bloody, satisfying moneyshot.
FAIR Girl House is an impressive first feature for Trevor Matthews. For a slasher film, there is suitable attention to detail and a reputable level of respect for all the characters.
BAD Puts the porn back in "torture porn." Pity the parents of these pretty young actresses.
BAD Fear Clinic is an ambitious project stitched together by unsteady hands, as the threads holding everything together threaten to unravel come the film's end.
BAD Laughable exploitation film results in a complete waste of time and talent.
BAD One of those movies that's a nailbiter for a little kid, but laughable when revisted as an adult.
BAD The movie swarmed into local theaters yesterday; unfortunately, the insects and the people in this melange of ersatz science-fiction and dull adventure deserve one another.
BAD Teaming Collins with ants is pure Bert I. Gordon.
BAD We interrupt this soap opera to bring you... a monster movie!
BAD Bring on the DDT. A silly giant-bug opus with cheap special effects.
BAD What's scarier: ants or Bert I. Gordon movies?
BAD If you find it when you are flipping through channels at three in the morning, turn it off and try to get some sleep.
BAD Torturous vampire bloodbath is a waste for all.
BAD A tedious Blade rip-off. No suspense or scares, but lots of boredom.
BAD While Rise: Blood Hunter isn't a terrible film, it's a predictable one.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's better than most direct-to-video horror you'll find out there. Heck, it's better than some of the theatrical releases we've seen this year
FAIR ...a far more effective piece of work than one might've expected...
BAD It's a blood-red affair thrown together in a dash, a little number that will ultimately get the same kind of treatment from audiences as it did from those who made it: something you might cue up in the DVD player on a whim and forget just as easily.
BAD A dry and dreary little affair, one that's almost shamefully beholden to B-flicks that are a lot more energetic and a lot less intent on being taken so seriously.
BAD Many scenes are set in dark parking lots and dirty city streets, but you sense the locations were chosen because they were inexpensive. There is some pleasure to be had counting continuity mistakes.
FAIR [Director] Gutierrez sustains a heightened mood of sex and violence that, without breaking new ground, entertains in the way Gothic flicks do: a combination of cheap thrills and a good old-fashioned crusade against evil.
FAIR You can thank a capable cast led by the estimable Lucy Liu, and work by writer/director Sebastian Gutierrez that succeeds in making the formulaic seem fresh.
BAD There are worse things than waking up in a morgue. Like, say, waking up and realizing there's another hour of Rise: Blood Hunter to go.
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd call dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
BAD If you can't make me petrified of a place called the "Suicide Forest," you've got some explaining to do.
FAIR What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again.
BAD Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho.
BAD Vaughn's Norman Bates is much inferior because he lacks the natural neurosis of Anthony Perkins.
BAD The movie doesn't stink. The performances are good, potentially great, especially Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates, but he owns a scene just for doing that psychotic giggle of his.
BAD Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie).
BAD franky it sucks
FAIR Gus Vant Sant has remade Alfred Hitchcock's classic slasher film with so much reverence and so little originality that it is not clear what the point is.
FAIR It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days.
FAIR Predictably, it's (almost) the exact same film, but I wouldn't say that it's a pointless enterprise.
BAD It's not so much that this movie didn't need to be made. The real tragedy is that a group of enormously talented people wasted several months of their lives when together they could have done something fresh and exciting and original.
FAIR Gus Van Sant assumiu um trabalho ingrato: quando as cenas funcionam, em seu filme, a responsabilidade e de Hitchcock. Quando falham, a culpa e sua.
BAD An utterly empty technical achievement.
FAIR What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow.
BAD Van Sant's pseudo-Xerox is flat, mannered and often downright boring!
BAD Es mejor que las nuevas generaciones vayan a la tienda de videos y renten la version original
BAD Vince Vaughn is probably the best person you can get to fill Anthony Perkins' shoes; he can be one of America's best film stars one day, and that is evident in the way he treats his character on screen.
BAD Whereas the original was fascinating and shocking, the reconstruction is bland and lifeless.
BAD Vince Vaughn's Norman Bates is about as terrifying as a tranquilized dachshund.
FAIR Less a remake and more a scene-by-scene reconstruction, with all of the original dialogue intact.
BAD It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation.
FAIR This gutsy cinematic experiment is more than just a curiosity. It's an intelligent homage (at times even a spoof) and still a bit of a hand-wringer, even though pop culture has spoiled all the surprises.
BAD Having all of this distinctly '60s material played out by '90s performers in living color makes for a film that feels jarringly anachronistic...
GOOD Is this film better than the original? The answer is no, not quite, but to my shock, it is just about as good of a remake as could have possibly been expected.
FAIR There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role.
GOOD Vaughn, from the outset, seems like a loose cannon, a nut case, a psycho. Unlike Anthony Perkins who, at first, appeared as a shy mama's boy, Vaughn adds an extra layer of menace to his Norman that renders Van Sant's film a bit a-kilter.
FAIR The one actor who stood out from the pack was definitely the rising star of the year, Vince Vaughn, who took Anthony Perkins' superb original performance, and added his own macabre touch of surrealism.
FAIR Vaughn and Heche bring energy and freshness to the parts originated by Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. Heche is so good, in fact, and so frisky and watchable in her role, that after her grisly demise in the shower you miss her for a long time.
FAIR Though some hard-core fans of the original may scoff at anything that tries to compete, Van Sant's version of Psycho is actually pretty good.
FAIR Since this is a virtual shot-by-shot, line-by-line remake of the original masterpiece, it's like watching a new version of a Shakespeare play. Think about it.
FAIR ...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...
BAD The character development is as thin as shed snakeskin.
BAD This is a film that manages to take what should have been delirious camp fun and turn it into a struggle to keep any remote interest.
BAD Provides some unintentional laughs and genuine bursts of adrenalin, however hokey it gets and however Harry Potterish the snakes.
BAD It's fun to see the characters get eaten up. It's the people who remain alive and talking that may disturb the viewer.
BAD Not especially tedious, the snakes were OK, and I understood most of the conclusion. The only surprise, though, was that I made it to the end.
BAD Obviously the cast and crew don't care that this makes no sense--they got a great holiday in Fiji.
GOOD Despite a script that borders on banality ... and Strickland's sometimes distracting emoting, director Little and director of photography Stephen F. Windon do an exceptional job of creating tension.
BAD Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no minimo, que a refeicao seja composta por caras conhecidas.
BAD Even if it isn't worth the price of admission, it is at least a pretension-free flick.
FAIR ...a real popcorn film...
FAIR Surprisingly, Anacondas turns out to be much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
BAD It's predictable. It's clich&#233;. But it's fun to watch.
FAIR It took four screenwriters to cobble this together. That's reasonable. With the death of Ed Wood, it's not possible for any one person to come up with anything this screwy.
FAIR ...easily the best mainstream release of the summer... an example of first-rate B moviemaking.
BAD I never thought a film about giant snakes that eat people could be this atrociously dull.
BAD At best, it will come as a pleasant surprise to those going in with the lowest of preconceptions. At worst, it offers audiences a chance to get out of the August heat for 90 minutes.
BAD When the snakes do attack, there's not much originality or surprise to their methods. No one gets spun up and down like a yo-yo, or puked back up.
BAD More snakes does not a better movie make.
FAIR If you just want to see giant snakes eating people who talk too much and need to die because of sheer stupidity, this movie is for you.
FAIR The big snake is back and he's brought along some friends.
FAIR Dwight Little directs this exciting film that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
BAD As someone said, the only way you should see this is drunk.
BAD Who knew the science field was so jam-packed with beautiful people?
BAD I can appreciate a good B-movie as much as the next guy, but even by the very relaxed standards of B-moviedom, "Anacondas 2" is a rather sad affair.
BAD The kind of sequel that should have gone directly to DVD shelves.
BAD How ridiculous is this? They depend on cellphones that even work in the remote jungle.
BAD The only surprise in this unintentionally funny scarefest is learning that the characters you hope get eaten first, darn the luck, make it to the finish.
BAD Stinky cheese.
BAD Supremely silly but undeniably fun.
BAD 'There's a way in. There's a way out.' He's right. It's behind you, right below the sign that says Exit. Just follow the stampede.
FAIR Wisely prods not only ordinary phobias about big, bad serpents but also universal terrors of the dark, of narrow spaces, of drowning, of falling, of spiders and much more.
BAD The sequel might have the formula down, but it lacks everything that made Anaconda fun.
BAD Tired dud of an over-the top violent action movie.
BAD The plot is such hooey...and the plot holes so gaping that End of Days proves more exasperating than enjoyable. [Blu-Ray]
FAIR Never rises to the realm of exciting.
GOOD Part of the degraded charm of End of Days is its buffet-table derivative approach.
BAD End of Days isn't complete waste of time but all those who watch it would probably agree that this film's days were numbered long time ago.
BAD A lot of fun, but not a great movie.
FAIR Loud, lurid, bloody and ridiculously entertaining.
FAIR Um filme de acao incessante que traz Arnold Schwarzenegger em uma das piores atuacoes de sua carreira.
BAD Displaying precisely the imagination that gave the world such epic achievements as The Star Chamber and The Relic, Hyams dusts off America's designated import and goes with Arnie Schwarzenegger his own self.
BAD An effort which will join True Lies and Raw Deal in the dustbin of Schwarzenegger history.
GOOD If you liked The Exorcist, The Omen, and Rosemary's Baby , don't miss this one.
BAD Arnold, Arnold, Arnold, what were you thinking when you signed on to do this?
FAIR The biggest problem here was the script.
BAD Isn't a bad movie by any means; it's just a reasonably silly one that, in one form or the other, has been overdone to death.
BAD ...a run-of-the-mill supernatural thriller.
BAD Arnie's batteries seem to be losing their juice.
BAD The movie is as bloodless as a cyborg, and it feels as if it has been assembled according to diagrams supplied by someone who studied every successful sci-fi action thriller and then multiplied the findings by 10.
FAIR This could be devilish fun, but director / cinematographer Peter Hyams slows the action to a ponderous crawl.
BAD Nothing but groans and yawns.
BAD ...suffers from an egregiously laid-back pace that ultimately negates its few positive attributes...
BAD In the end, the script lets the film down with its obvious twists, its naggingly illogical narrative and a general pointlessness.
BAD A final reel of arterial spray splatter empties itself in record time and when Gone finally gets going, it's gone too soon.
BAD You will be kept waiting for the twist that never comes in Ringan Ledwidge's derivative psycho-thriller, whose by-the-numbers plotting is as inevitable as roadkill.
FAIR If only it had taken the characters' lead and strayed further from the beaten track...
FAIR A potentially menacing first half is let down by a few cliches in the home stretch.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion. Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't make 'em like this anymore. It's easy to see why.
FAIR This is just about the one-billionth movie to lampoon the horror genre, but so what? It's hilarious.
BAD Given the talent involved, it's a project that sounds promising (if maybe more than slightly derivative), but it winds up an unfortunate misfire.
BAD The jaw drops at the drought of laughs in the horror spoof "Hell Baby," especially considering the massive amount of comic talent in front of and behind the cameras.
BAD I can't say I didn't laugh during Hell Baby. I just didn't laugh as much as I would have liked to, or as much as I expected to.
BAD Certainly isn't the worst horror comedy of all time (see Transylmania)... But most of it is still pretty bad.
BAD It soon becomes apparent that the filmmakers, many of whom worked together on "The State" and "Reno 911!", aren't committed to their film's main conceit.
BAD [It] rarely dares to be smart, settling instead for familiar gags that would have the Devil himself yawning.
BAD A film that's less than half as funny as its predecessor, and a sliver as clever as the original.
BAD This offensive, crass pastiche makes "Grown Ups 2" look like a paragon of wit and good taste.
BAD Garant and Lennon's attempts at humor are absolutely terrible. It's as though they have no idea what comedy is or how it works. This results in a series of gags that they must think are hilarious, but are actually extremely sad and cringe-worthy.
FAIR In the end, the level of delirium is addictive. Getting there, however, is a challenge which may or may not be worth your time.
BAD There are genre satires, and then there are dumb comedies that wish they could qualify for that status.
FAIR Its modest (if occasionally gross-out) stabs at genre parody rarely insult our intelligence and even allow for the kind of retro deadpan silliness Mel Brooks used to underline his louder punch lines.
BAD Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon's Hell Baby is a hit-or-miss affair with far more misses than hits.
BAD When you consider that Garant and Lennon make their living as screenwriters for hire, Hell Baby's shoddy script is an unholy mystery.
FAIR The filmmakers satirize the often obscenely meaningless ways in which people of a certain socioeconomic strata attempt to launder their white guilt.
FAIR Hell Baby is a devilish laugh-riot, providing hellishly indulgent comedy married with lighthearted slapstick comedy - as long as you're into Thomas Lennon and Robert Ben Garant's typical "immature" style.
FAIR It's genuinely funny, a condition all too rare in horror-comedies, comedies, and movies written by Lennon and Garant.
BAD Marlon Wayans' A Haunted House no longer can own the title of the worst horror spoof of 2013.
BAD For every joke that works- about ten fall flat.
FAIR It doesn't reinvent the wheel after their anarchic sketch comedy show "The State," but funny is funny, and Hell Baby is very, very funny.
BAD Too bad it's only a smidgen better than the series' first first sequel, 1981's gory Halloween II.
FAIR Unquestionably the best of the Halloween followups...
BAD It's somewhere around minute 58 - that's in a film that runs 80 minutes before credits, folks - before anything particularly interesting happens.
FAIR H2O successfully captures the foreboding mood of Carpenter's 1978 original before eventually settling for the obvious. And at 86 minutes, it's just too short.
BAD Brilliant and witty. Those are two words that will not be used to described this film, nor, I suspect, its target audience.
FAIR The selfish pea brains who brought their bright-eyed infant to...this violent horror movie deserve a private, late-night visit from the uncompromising Michael Myers.
FAIR If you're a Halloween fan, you're probably over 30, and this film will suit you--you need your sleep.
BAD I'm currently stuck watching the revival of a movie form that appalled me the first time around, then disappeared from view after a torrent of thoughtless re-workings that resembled bloody tape loops.
BAD The biggest mystery about Halloween: H20 is why the filmmakers bothered to send it to theaters.
BAD I thought the original Halloween was overrated, the 2 or three cheapie sequels I've seen were even worse, and this new entry is still crap.
BAD ...a welcome resurrection for which fans will undoubtedly be grateful.
BAD ...Steve Miner is no Carpenter.
BAD Halloween: Twenty Years Later has forgotten the wellspring from which it flows.
BAD Nothing more than a dull retread of worn-out cliches, buoyed only by the much-anticipated return of a familiar face.
GOOD Halloween: H20 is as stylish and scary as it is ultra-violent. It brings back a stunning Jamie Lee Curtis in the role that made her a star and it's a work of superior craftsmanship in all aspects.
BAD ...the film is as predictable as all the other slasher flicks that followed Halloween.
BAD Halloween H20 is not really a bad movie, compared with some in this series. It's competently photographed, edited and scored, easy to watch and well-meaning. But it just isn't scary.
GOOD H20 returns to an almost slasher film purity: innocent horror movie fun , a lean, sharp thrill ride that delivers scares rather than gore.
BAD Halloween H2O is merely just another cliched entry into the overstuffed trunk of slasher films.
BAD Stillborn and not even remotely scary, this update of the Halloween series (which rewrites the series as if the third through sixth films never happened) is just another excuse to make some bucks with Curtis screaming her head off. Zzzzzzz.
BAD ...a run-of-the-mill horror film...
BAD It's not so much that the movie stinks -- [director] Miner has the anything-could-happen-at-any-moment mood down to a science -- it just doesn't have anything new to offer, and in the wake of Scream, I've come to expect more.
BAD The perfect scary movie for people who hate scary movies. Huh?
BAD Halloween H20 is every bit as moldy and dull as the seventh film in a series is likely to be.
FAIR ...what they've come up with here is pretty successful...
FAIR It's a fitting enough capstone for one of horror cinema's more memorable series, I suppose, but when it ended I wanted, more than anything else, to go peruse the original.
FAIR Halloween H20 is yet another sequel that cannot match up to the glories of its precursor and, in fact, is considerably less hair-raising than recent horror films like Scream, Scream 2, and even Mimic.
FAIR ...simple, lean and quick...
FAIR Taken as a sequel to Halloween, this is just above average; taken as a sequel to Halloween Two, which is where most of its backstory comes from, it looks terrific.
GOOD The showdown is grueling, long, with too many climaxes and improbable events, but Laurie's up for it. And that's what you love about her. She does not quit. She's bound and determined to decapitate his ass.
FAIR Halloween: H20 is substantially superior compared to any of the non-Carpenter follow-ups.
FAIR H20 is compelling, due in large part to an outstanding, mature performance by Jamie Lee Curtis, returning to the series for the first time since Halloween II.
FAIR What's worse than releasing a movie about Halloween in the summer? How about a video about Halloween at Christmas? Or, subtitling a movie that has nothing to do with water H2O?
BAD I imagined Miss Leigh telling her friends, 'They wanted me to do a cameo in the remake of Psycho, but I said, hell, I'd do Halloween: H20 before I'd lower myself to that.'
BAD ...the throwaway jokes are few and far between, and after a pre-title sequence reintroduces Michael and shows just how far up suspense and thrills can be ratcheted, Halloween H20 declines into the routine.
FAIR Though too conventional to be truly thrilling, Halloween H20 is a fitting final round for one of screen history's bloodiest family feuds.
FAIR Cinema's most famous scream queen is back, louder than ever, but now infused with a strong dose of Girl--make that Grrrl--Power.
FAIR Having seen the film several times in the years since, my rating would now stand at a mildly positive 2.5 stars. Yes, the movie is too short, but it is also stylish and suspenseful enough to recommend.
FAIR All in all, if you're a horror fan, and like all of the other Kevin Williamson-based films, there's no good reason why you shouldn't truly enjoy this one.
FAIR Here is a film that ultimately proves perhaps, for right now, there is still some life left in the typical slasher formula.
BAD The Eternal is just silly and not the least bit scary.
FAIR ...goes on way too long for its tenuous material and never really pays off. However, it is a film of quiet terror...
BAD A watchable made-for-video feature...
FAIR One of the few good Scooby Doo animated movies...
FAIR Genuinely creepy Scooby outing.
BAD Though certainly a cut above the majority of its straight-to-video horror brethren, Rest Stop is ultimately undone by the inclusion of several questionable elements...
BAD ...another of those films where we just wish the madman would dispatch the leading lady as quickly as possible and be done with it, putting her and us out our misery.
BAD This is a flat horror effort that ranges from dull to unintentionally hilarious to, finally, tiresome.
BAD absolutely riddled with plot holes, inconsistencies, and simple errors of logic
BAD Sadly, with Lord of Illusions, Clive Barker stumbles into the same pitfalls he did when he made Nightbreed just five years earlier. It's dull, unengaging, and features a plot that is stretched out far past its breaking point.
BAD It's a sad day for both fright fans and the man Stephen King once prophesied was "the future of horror".
FAIR a cool flick from the master of grotesque
GOOD A terrific little horror film expertly renderd from Barker's own short story.
FAIR Better than people give it credit for, especially if the viewer fully appreciates the gay subtext.
GOOD Odd, but not uninteresting horror opus from Clive Barker.
FAIR High concept, wavering script, completely weird.
FAIR A shocking, thrilling, anything goes film noir bloodbath that even has a baboon as a character!
FAIR Part Noir, Part Scarefest....Prepare to be Blown Away by it's uniqueness
FAIR Barker's visual side dominates its literary equivalent this time out, resulting in a time-killer that may amuse fans until illusion is shattered by the rolling of the end credits.
FAIR A whole heap of scary fun.
GOOD If it reaches your hometown, seek it out and enjoy some good old-fashioned creepy thrills while clutching your date tight and trying to pretend you're not as spooked as they are.
FAIR Despite its meagre budget, Grave Encounters boasts surprisingly solid acting, vertigo-baiting hand-held camera antics and enough [REC]- style shock-horror to keep your pulse throbbing throughout.
BAD The filmmakers seem unaware that they're beating a dead horse. As the uniformly annoying characters stumble around, screaming and cursing, we don't give a hoot for their survival.
FAIR "Found footage horror" is here to stay, so let's concentrate on simply separating the good ones from the bad.
BAD Grave Encounters can't even pretend to be anything other than hopelessly derivative.
FAIR A ghost of a different color turns the gurneys on a hip TV production.
FAIR Atmospheric little chiller.
FAIR A bloody, gruesome black comedy that's not for kids.
GOOD Mary Harron asks what's more unnerving - exaggerated, imagined violence or vacuous realities some wish to be real, psychosis as much in the construct as the character. Thus, "Psycho's" savagery goes beyond a simple screed against 1980s excess and greed.
FAIR Harron' s incisive eye and Bale' s bravura performance carry the day.
GOOD American Pyscho is one of those films that makes you laugh uncomfortably throughout and you just walk away feeling disgusted. The flick is definitely an underrated masterpiece.
GOOD One can picture Kubrick handling this material with a similar elegant malevolence.
BAD The real shame about Psycho is that there are glimmers of the very smart satire that could've been.
BAD Despite a game performance from Christian Bale, American Psycho never quite achieves lift-off.
GOOD It's smart, frightening and funny.
BAD Comes across as cold to the core, as if untouched by human hands.
GOOD This is one of these films that you either love or hate. I loved it.
FAIR Funny-one-minute, horrifying-the-next film.
BAD When not bludgeoning a business rival with an ax, well-heeled killer Patrick Bateman bludgeons the audience with the film's messages.
GOOD Really brilliant in the way it takes the viewer inside Bateman's world.
GOOD A diretora Mary Harron desempenha admiravelmente bem seu papel, criando um encadeamento logico que, analisado em retrospecto, expoe a linha de raciocinio de Bateman.
FAIR A well-crafted yet essentially innocuous period piece.
GOOD Director Mary Harron takes a theatre of the absurd approach to the controversial best-seller.
GOOD Brett Easton Ellis' controversial and violent novel American Psycho is about as black as comedy gets, and Harron captures the tone and themes perfectly here, highlighting the vacuousness of 80s consumerism without pulling any punches at all.
GOOD An uneven movie that nonetheless bristles with stinging wit and exerts a perverse fascination.
FAIR If all of Ellis's characters more or less stay the same, Harron's film suggests that, like the '80s, Bateman to shall pass.
GOOD The best monster movie in years.
BAD Sex, drugs and sadistic homicide mark disappointing Sundance buzz-maker.
GOOD Una de las mas comentadas, ingeniosas e inteligentes peliculas del ano
FAIR a potentially sensationalistic film that has become--for lack of a better word--boring.
FAIR This is not a Hollywood space thriller at all, but an intergalactic fantasy driven by the same cheerfully eccentric impulses that have informed a myriad of high-spirited French filmmakers.
BAD A blend of surrealist humor, unintentional self-parody and groan-inducing moments, this is easily the nadir of the franchise.
BAD [Jeuenet] doesn't push it all the way to "so bad it's good" territory, but he at least gives a healthy dose of the bizarre that makes it memorable, in its fashion.
FAIR Simply put, Jean-Pierre Jeunet was the absolute wrong choice for this film. His award-winning quirky French visual sensibilities don't mesh well with Joss Whedon's meat-and-potatoes script.
BAD Grotesque carnage, vile characters; steer clear.
GOOD Un de ces films dont il faut savoir s'impregner de l'idee de depart pour etre en mesure d'en apprecier les ebats a leur juste valeur.
GOOD Jeunet and Whedon deliver the alien-attack scenes with a spin and a wink.
FAIR Moviegoers who expect more surprise and mystery from the grisly and suspenseful sci-fi "Alien" series will be disappointed.
FAIR The much-maligned last part in the Alien quadrilogy should be approached as the comic book actioneer that it is.
BAD ...it's two hundred years down the road from Alien 3, and Ripley is long gone. If only. (Alien Quadrilogy)
BAD Great effects, dismal story. Sigourney phones in a paycheck. Why is Ryder even in this? Ron Perlman is the only bright spot in a forgettable cast.
BAD Unfortunately, Weaver and Jeunet's efforts are short changed by the ineptness of Joss Whedon's script, that seems to find a way to make action sequences unexciting.
BAD The film is so insistently formulaic there is hardly a moment when you don't know exactly what's going to happen.
FAIR Someone went crazy with the fake flesh and exoskeletons in the Fox creature shop, to impressive and exciting results.
GOOD Se nao acrescenta nada a serie, este filme tambem nao embaraca.
FAIR Jeunet creates some scenes of genuine suspense, and some of the action packs a real punch.
BAD One of those rotten sci-fi/horror movies in which nonsense abounds
BAD There's so much goo in the film, it looks like God sneezed on the set.
BAD Murky and unworthy (especially of its director).
FAIR About as good a sequel as you could expect for an aging franchise.
FAIR 'Alien Resurrection' does well by the classy series -- it's nowhere near as frightful and original as the first film, and offers less riveting action than the second.
BAD This film should be an amazing thrill ride, but it has the emotional impact of a bowling ball at rest.
BAD What a letdown!
FAIR Being sometimes grotesque but never scary, the movie gives up and decides, correctly, that it can be a very funny space comedy.
FAIR A minor triumph of style over substance
FAIR I's a very good film which never fails to entertain.
FAIR If you've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks, chances are you'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers.
GOOD Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and, once all the blood has been spilt, offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain.
GOOD ... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that doesn't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre.
FAIR I doubt that anyone who isn't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it.
BAD By the time the action-packed, thoroughly tedious climax rolls around, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions...
BAD This goofy, over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity.
FAIR Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other, but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace, on both sides, are hot coeds.
FAIR Film fans who believe there's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks (a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person) will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here.
GOOD Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat. There's nothing flat about this clever genre flick. For the right audience, it's pretty great.
FAIR The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior.
FAIR Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully "Tucker and Dale" works its way through upended cliches.
FAIR One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream.
GOOD a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the cliches of its genre with a buoyant impudence. And blood. A whole lot of blood.
GOOD Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ...
FAIR While it's not quite a home run, there's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. It's got its heart in the right place, and hey, it's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario!
GOOD From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going, the smiling starts
FAIR This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue, guffaws, and gag reflexes.
GOOD It's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor, heart and guts.
GOOD The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it, allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace.
FAIR There's even a message under all the body parts: People are individuals, not just easy regional stereotypes.
BAD Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence.
GOOD We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other.
FAIR It's not as clever as, say, "Shaun of the Dead," but it's good for some laughs.
FAIR Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect.
FAIR It thrives on Tucker and Dale's winning personalities, and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine, veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here.
GOOD A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along.
FAIR Relying mostly on a single gimmick, the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors. Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous.
FAIR It's fast, it's funny, and it works.
BAD Few things are more annoying than a movie that doesn't stick to its over-the-top convictions.
FAIR A farce of misunderstanding first, body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance.
FAIR a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy
FAIR Hillbillies of the world unite!
FAIR If you're seeing this as the midnight movie it's destined to best be experienced as, you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark...
BAD Uh, no.
BAD Fundamentally lame.
BAD Put it out of it's misery
FAIR If you liked ...London for its wit, chances are this one will fall flat for you as it did for me.
BAD O terror cede lugar ao pastelao.
BAD The computer animation of the monsters here is a herky-jerky cartoon blur that is anything but scary.
FAIR It personifies the definition of "popcorn entertainment" - that is, the kind of film that relishes the thrill of its many ambitious moments without seeking total transcendence.
GOOD Something close to an absolutely perfect exercise in how to construct a thriller.
FAIR ...stays truer to its source material, John W. Campbell, Jr.'s 1938 novella Who Goes There?, than the 1951 Howard Hawks-Christian Nyby feature The Thing from Another World.
BAD ...reading this as a Cold War allegory is doing the movie a very big favor. In reality, this is a film about tentacles and teeth and eyes and orifices and goo, goo, goo.
GOOD I discovered what it was to love a movie that was relentless in its desire to be unpleasant
GOOD The Thing is a peerless masterpiece of relentless suspense, retina-wrecking visual excess and outright, nihilistic terror.
GOOD Shows more originality, wit and invention than possibly any other film you might call a remake... as influential as Alien for its blend of action, sci-fi and chilling horror.
GOOD The special effects can't hope to be as creepy to our seen-it-all eyes as they were to the film's first viewers, but we can still enjoy the monster's unique weirdness, and the story is a rock-solid yarn.
FAIR It's pretty scary and entertaining stuff, though I always get the feeling that nothing in it lives up to the tremendous opening section.
GOOD The Thing is a masterpiece: a black comedy, monster movie, conspiracy thriller and whodunit.
GOOD The Thing is one of [Carpenter's] greatest moments, creating a terrifying atmosphere of claustrophobia, suspense and paranoia. And Kurt Russell is as good as he's ever been, wearing one of the best beards in movie history.
GOOD Contains everything you could want to know about horror filmmaking.
GOOD The strong cast brings the somewhat underwritten characters to vivid life, and the elaborate special effects (designed by then 22-year-old Rob Bottin) set a high standard for films that followed.
GOOD Great entertainment. Just try not to take it too seriously.
GOOD John Carpenter equaled the unrelenting suspense of Halloween with this nerve-racking remake. Carpenter's The Thing is one of the all-time great horror films.
GOOD The original has been built up to classic scale, but Carpenter's remake is actually far scarier and equally thoughtful.
GOOD crackling!
FAIR The Thing may be a tad too careful and schematic to stand shoulder with Carpenter's very best films.
FAIR Because this material has been done before, and better, especially in the original The Thing and Alien, there's no need to see this version.
BAD I never got into this. Very slow, dated special effects, and obvious exploration of the paranoia theme.
BAD Mr. Carpenter has demonstrated that he can make good, comparatively plain, old-fashioned scare movies and effective suspense thrillers, but he seems to lose his own head when he combines two or more genres, as he [does here].
FAIR Wild, gruesome and outrageous
GOOD The claustrophobic group becomes the perfect petri dish in which to create an environment of fear, paranoia, and betrayal.
GOOD Films like this make me hope against hope that, some day...one day...the real John Carpenter will return.
GOOD A work of pure suspense unseen since the days of Hitchcock, expertly blended with some of the most gruesome effects ever conceived. The Thing is a brilliant horror film by any standard.
FAIR A bit too heavy on the shock effects, but far scarier than most average horror films.
BAD Pointless remake of the 1951 by the usually overrated John Carpenter
GOOD This is one of those great films which inspire inarticulate awe within your humble narrator rather than verbose declarations of praise.
GOOD Horror movies don't get much better than this.
FAIR Genuinely scary and full of tension, and populated by one bad-ass monster.
FAIR This is one of those rare remakes that remains faithful to the premise of the original but does something unique with the concept.
GOOD Despite the obvious influences of the original "Chainsaw," "Hills Have Eyes," "Last House," and other kidnap-terror films, you can't predict what is going to happen in this film.
FAIR It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated (and slyly undermined) by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir's Picnic At Hanging Rock...
FAIR ...an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that's stylish without being obtrusive.
FAIR A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
GOOD Esta e a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Eletrica merecia.
FAIR Inhumane? Yep. Sadistic? Sure. But it works where countless others of the genre have failed, by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose.
FAIR What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon cliches balanced off by some legitimate shocks.
GOOD The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience.
BAD This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive. Don't say you weren't warned!
GOOD Low-budget horror doesn't get much better than this.
BAD Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized, beaten, stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection.
BAD The film is okay, if you're into that sort of thing, but it's an acquired taste.
BAD It's boring, then it's nasty, then it's over. That last one is its only saving grace
BAD The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer's throat on Christmas Day, bought by the Weinsteins for $3.5 million. Next time, could we get a gift certificate instead?
FAIR one of the more disturbing horror films I've seen in quite some time.
FAIR It's not your typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.
FAIR A patient, naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror.
BAD Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty.
BAD Hey, here's an idea for the new year. What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like "Wolf Creek?"
BAD There's no substitute for bad taste. And this one has it double-barreled, both in the timing of its release and as a movie, one said to be loosely based on fact.
GOOD The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective.
BAD There's no suspense, really, and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims, who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter.
FAIR This is some horror flick.
FAIR The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't quite the right word.
BAD Killers don't need motivation anymore, just opportunity. And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene, to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale, there aren't any surprises.
BAD Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money doesn't mean it deserves yours.
FAIR Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly, and it succeeds.
FAIR As the situation grows more dire, and the film turns the screws, you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists, because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters.
BAD An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive, Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace.
FAIR Disappointingly formulaic.
BAD You want to close your eyes but can't -- a sure sign the horror is working.
FAIR As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise, Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective.
BAD A very unpleasant movie.
BAD ...riddled with precisely the sort of unconvincing and subpar acting that one generally associates with low-budget horror flicks.
FAIR way better than the original
BAD A misguided and generally worthless prequel...
BAD Since Heijningen already had dibs on The Thing's hallowed name, he didn't even bother trying to conjure any of its slow-burning suspense or claustrophobic vibe.
BAD For a creature feature set on the South Pole, it lacks urgency, or even a sense that it's very cold in Antarctica.
BAD The fact that The Thing falls flat is proof positive that unlike the film's industrious alien, parasitic remakes can't easily carbon copy the host.
BAD Gets the externals but can't duplicate the authentic chill and isolation of the original.
FAIR If this take is perfectly passable, it also is distinctly forgettable.
BAD Can't possibly compare to the film it's inspired by, but if you've not seen the 1982 version, you should find it reasonably harmless, albeit with an increasingly daft climax.
FAIR There's nothing really new about this remake/prequel, but the film's attention to continuity and detail is respectable and interesting for fans of John Carpenter's 1982 classic.
BAD This is the third time I've watched the John W. Campbell Jr. story 'Who Goes There?' unfold. I have to admit the monster in this one is the most disgusting and thereby the most fascinating of all three.
FAIR Van Heijningen Jr's The Thing still works as a perfectly watchable contemporary sci-fi thriller on the surface by creating enough entertaining scares ...
BAD There are a few tense moments, but the plot is packed full of cliches - imagine, the radio is dead and there's a storm coming!
BAD Van Heijningen has again reinterpreted the material, he has instead done so for an era in which horror films are remade by commercials directors who get the look, but miss the feel, of the original article.
FAIR The themes of paranoia and isolation are the same as Carpenter's film, but the effects aren't a patch on the original.
BAD This isn't the real Thing; keep it at bay.
BAD Whatever good intentions were behind this prequel to John Carpenter's 1982 classic, the sloppy execution renders them moot.
GOOD Tense, smart and suitably gruesome, this certainly delivers the goods.
BAD It's curious that a movie about a shape-shifting, person-imitating alien lifeform should itself feel like a mutant hybrid: half-prequel, half-remake, never sure which end to cosy up to.
FAIR Nary an original bone in this monster's body, but effective nonethleless.
FAIR Schlock lovers and Friday night thrill-seekers are disgustingly well served. Best skip that tray of gooey nachos, though.
FAIR Never quite lives up to Carpenter's version, though it's entertaining enough, thanks to a superb performance from Mary Elizabeth Winstead and some satisfyingly gloopy visuals.
BAD Despite its visual sophistication and a good lead performance, there's no escaping that this Thing is a pointless remake trying to convince itself that it is in fact a prequel.
BAD Efficient enough for newcomers perhaps, but never that chilling, and the predictably dull CGI underlines how far movie magic has regressed in the past couple of decades.
FAIR By no means the finessed work of a Carpenter; more an enthusiastic DIY expert who read the instructions once and reckons he can manage.
BAD The great irony of The Thing-quel is that, as an imitation itself, it's a uniquely unconvincing simulacrum of the thing it's trying to ape.
BAD Consisting of a few shock pops and queasy effects, The Thing is tired, rote and uninspired, becoming a waiting game to see who gets knocked off next. There's nothing here not seen before, including in its superior 1982 sire.
FAIR Great care has been taken to not fill this movie full of lame, jittery camera angles and a faster-than-necessary pace, which is nice. It's just too bad that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is dull as dishwater.
BAD Studio-produced fan fiction that indulges in an intensely close, even fetishistic extension of all the hints and details given in the original film, but misses the forest for the trees.
BAD It's easy enough to sit through, it'll be even easier to forget in a few weeks.
BAD The Thing's nondescript title once represented the fear of the unknown, but for the contemporary rehash, it's an indication of a generic, lifeless 100 minutes.
FAIR Succeeds as a fan-pleasing showcase for gruesome human/monster shapeshifting and other digital horror effects.
BAD Almost liked it!
FAIR The Thing definitely owes a lot to John Carpenter's 1982 cult classic but as a whole, it is a pretty darned good little shocker.
FAIR Still can raise enough scares with its twists and turns to be surprisingly entertaining
BAD While it doesn't spoil the legacy of John Carpenter's film, it doesn't exactly add much to it either.
FAIR Hopefully we'll never tire of the visual splendour inherent in seeing human faces tear themselves apart.
BAD It feels like a prequel/homage/remake of the first two films all rolled into a kind of fleshy burrito that throbs.
FAIR Laughable dialogue and the CGI-generated monster get in the way of the scares.
BAD It's a requel (prequel + remake). Same pattern, different characters. Unfortunately, it doesn't do anything better than John Carpenter's vision.
BAD Under its glossy exterior and claims to be an extreme version, this is a generic and surprisingly tame horror offering.
BAD Paradise Lost is an undemanding thriller with little in the way of invention and not much going on other than some impressive scenery and a few sweet racks.
FAIR Turistas is a beautifully shot tale of tropical terror that starts building an ominous vibe early on, but never really turns into a full-fledged gross-out like Hostel. Except for that one part.
BAD With a plot Frankensteined from the remains of "Hostel", "The Descent" and "Wolf Creek", "Turistas" was clearly never going to be on anyone's 10 best list.
BAD Brazil's tourist industry gets a bad rap in this horror-lite shocker that might just leave you rooting for the bad guy.
BAD contains itself in insufferable artificiality
BAD Merece ser ignorado por ser pessimo, nao por ser uma "visao preconceituosa" do Brasil.
BAD Don't stay home out of fear of imagined atrocities in another country. Stay home from this movie instead.
BAD ...brutally effective -- with an accent on the "brute."
BAD As conflicted as the U.S. psyche: The movie locates the ghastly fates of its victims in the history of American arrogance, yet tells us to never trust a foreigner, even when she's in a bikini.
BAD Don't bother to buy popcorn, the sight of Josh Duhamel's abs and Melissa George's breasts should tide you over until Beau Garrett's pancreas and kidneys show up.
BAD This is strictly 'Teenagers as Meat on the Hoof 101' stuff -- only more idiotic than usual.
BAD It's part Hostel, part The Harvest, part The Cave, and all bad.
BAD In any language the dark Turistas is not too bright.
FAIR You may just want to unpack that suitcase after seeing Turistas, a shocking and genuinely terrifying trip into the jungles of Brazil even if it is low-budget and sometimes cheesy to it's core.
BAD Turistas" eventually succumbs to the one unforgivable sin in a horror movie: It's dull.
BAD [Director] Stockwell delivers too little of the dread and titillation this genre prescribes.
BAD This disappointing, worst-case-scenario thriller tips its hand entirely too early before heading further south than Rio.
FAIR Turistas is a passport to a different kind of vacation hell.
BAD While comparisons to Hostel are inevitable Turistas rarely achieves its level of sustained menace and discomfort.
BAD It's fitting that, in a season in which Hollywood offers up its prestige pictures -- the ones it hopes will garner critics' prizes and Academy Awards -- Turistas should come along to offer a bit of contrast.
BAD What's infuriating about Turistas is that it's slick, gorgeously shot and riddled with brilliantly crafted set-pieces.
BAD Ultimately, the best approach to Turistas is to do what these tourists should have done: just stay home.
FAIR It gallops along with a suspenseful, dead-on sense of dread.
BAD This one is just too obvious, almost from the title.
BAD Turistas doesn't have much going for it beyond its xenophobic subtext about trusting young Americans and crude and crafty foreigners. The action scenes are so dark as to be unfathomable. The characters are so alike as to be indistinguishable.
BAD Turistas has mastered the international language: stupidity.
FAIR Folks might find a bit of post-Iraq angst insinuated into the script, but any hint of social initiative in a movie this formulaic would be strictly coincidental.
BAD More dull than a gory, scary film ought to be.
BAD Although quite pleasing to look at for a while -- lush jungles, gorgeous water features, bare young flesh all over the place -- the film is spiritually misshapen from the get-go.
BAD With the success of Hostel and the Saw movies, another wave of cinematic nausea is upon us. Turistas tries to ride that wave all the way to the bank, but it's too timid and perfunctory to get very far.
BAD The story is idiotic, the dialogue moronic and the characters are cardboard cutouts. Stupid cardboard cutouts.
FAIR Consider it a modern spin on Deliverance, with no squealing like a pig -- just squeals of frightful excitement.
BAD Unpleasant but never really suspenseful, the new teen torture thriller Turistas causes only a dull, predictable pain.
FAIR The cinema of sadism smartens up in Turistas, a violent drama that has all the don't-go-there nastiness of B-movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek with a whole lot less of that guilty aftertaste.
BAD All the blood and nudity mark Turistas as an exploitation film, of the horror-thriller variety -- but who knew exploitation could be so boring?
FAIR With Turistas, [director John Stockwell] is stuck with a silly plot and characters that make you sometimes wish the movie were a cheap slasher picture after all.
BAD It's only a few weeks before Christmas, and do you know what that means?... it means horror movies about human organ trafficking.
BAD Nothing particularly surprising or exciting happens, and the straightness with which the subject is treated eventually means everything seizes up.
BAD Despite the fact that the scariest thing about this Yorkshire-brewed ghost story are the 70s fashions (avocado kitchen and rum and pep, anyone?), there is something quite charming about the creakiness of it all.
BAD Director Pat Holden delivers a few effective shocks but overcooks the climax.
BAD This British scary movie is preposterous and cheesy, if occasionally oddly enjoyable.
BAD A film that not even the formidable Gary Lewis can save is a scary thing indeed.
BAD Soon gives way to silliness, with the poltergeist fiddling with Sally's Buckeroo and Slinky toys.
FAIR Aesthetically authentic and frightening in parts. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem all that different to what has come before it.
BAD Besides a couple of decent low-key jolts, hearsay and heroic art direction alone don't add up to t'Exorcist.
BAD As soon as Morgan Freeman's alien hunter/military commander turns up, a riveting movie starts morphing into a predictable villain-on-the-warpath action flick.
GOOD This Stephen King is way too scary for kids.
GOOD Call me crude -- I have to love a scene of suspense built around fallen toothpicks and a toilet monster.
BAD What begins as a pique to our collective curiosity quickly degenerates into what is essentially a shootout between the good guys and the monsters.
BAD We have a long wait as Dreamcatcher cycles through pay-per-view, cable, and special edition DVD, until at last, like other inept King vehicles, it sinks into obscurity.
BAD Click to read review
BAD A mishmash of styles and genres, Dreamcatcher tries so hard to do so much that it ends up accomplishing very little.
FAIR Logic flies out the window, even given the fantastic elements, and the initially interesting characters are soon reduced to cardboard cutouts.
BAD ...bogs down in psychological mumbo-jumbo, redundancy, imitation, and sheer vulgarity, with a multitude of flashbacks interrupting the flow of what little narrative is left.
BAD An awful, ludicrous blend of sci-fi and horror, crammed full of self-indulgent Stephen King gimmicks.
BAD Kasdan's film -- like King's book -- is too long, and loses its way less than an hour in, once the stuck-in-the-woods-with-a-monster horror plot turns into something else.
FAIR It's thrilling to see what a talented director can do with the humorous and horrifying imagination of literary legend Stephen King.
BAD There must be other films that make such large dives from gripping interest to complete bollocks, but the mind boggles when attempting to remember them.
BAD An early X-Files episode did everything 20 times better.
BAD De acordo com os produtores, Stephen King pediu apenas um dolar para ceder os direitos de adaptacao de O Apanhador de Sonhos. A julgar-se pelo resultado final, ele cobrou caro demais.
BAD Part sci-fi, part horror, all drivel, this schlocky Stephen King adaptation is amusingly dreadful.
BAD Two words: anal leakage.
BAD A simplified, truncated mess.
FAIR There are plenty of twists, turns and surprises in this elegant and sometimes witty horror flick. . .
GOOD Bumpy, lumpy Stephen King adaptation is anything but by-the-book -- and packed with scares by a team of talents.
BAD It starts out as an intriguing story of telepathic friends and ends up a monster mash of Ed Wood awfulness.
BAD ...[invites] Mystery Science Theater 3000-esque mocking...
FAIR Marked by a couple of masterful performances in skillfully written singular roles.
FAIR This review officially renounces the "solution" to the psychological ending written in the novel. The rest is great & Kingian.
FAIR It's a mess, but it manages to entertain for longer than many movies do
BAD Next time Stephen King wants to write about something really scary, he can take the adaptation of Dreamcatcher as his inspiration.
BAD Like Signs, the picture suddenly shifts gears to turn into a choppy, noisy FX blowout.
GOOD There are enough ideas in Dreamcatcher for three or four ordinary movies. But then this is no ordinary movie. It's a grand, loopy pageant of ideas, schlock horror and subtle horror, and gross-out effects.
BAD Sloppy, pointless, predictable mess.
BAD Buckles under the weight of so many haywire plot developments.
BAD A nightmare of a movie.
FAIR The 136-minute Dreamcatcher suffers from more than a few missed chances and wasted time.
BAD Grimly directed by Kasdan, with a stylish gleam to the cinematography, the film is glossy high-camp nonsense.
GOOD A cool premise executed well
FAIR It's not really a scary movie, no matter how you slice it, but this remake offers plenty of the stuff promised in the title, in addition to a divertingly circuitous "whodunnit" aspect that works a bit better than one would expect.
GOOD Sex, death, blood, and drugs, baby ... A wonderfully sleazy experience!
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
FAIR Shrew's Nest is a slow, slow burn, but once the fireworks ignite, they explode in a spectacularly bloody spectacle that showcases Macarena Gomez's dementedly enjoyable performance.
FAIR Comes complete with a darkly comic undertone which makes for such enjoyable and unashamedly entertaining cinema.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding little horror flick.
GOOD Seems to have been made to give former hippies the willies.
GOOD This odd, funny and surprisingly sweet horror romance is highly recommended.
GOOD If it hits your sweet spot like it does mine, it combines two familiar things in wildly original ways. This is my Weird Date Night pick of the week.
GOOD The love story at the center of Spring is mysterious, funny and often poignant -- a tough enough thing even to describe, let alone commit to film.
BAD This oddball film's mashup innovations often come at the price of storytelling discipline and, to some extent, common sense.
FAIR Hides a few small joys for monster-movie fanatics looking for a throwback thrill.
FAIR An ambitious and often enchanting genre hybrid ...
GOOD A landmark of irresistible weirdness, "Spring" brings horror out of its long winter hibernation.
GOOD Maintains unpredictability and sticks the landing for a great finish, anchored by winning chemistry from its central pair.
GOOD Spring is refreshingly sincere and emotionally direct in addressing his confusion and grief, her standoffishness, and the hiccups in their relationship.
FAIR Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's Spring is a clever and severely romantic creature feature that, not unlike its dim-witted bro hero, is in desperate need of a woman's touch.
FAIR A profound and unshakable sense of unease pervades the entirety of Spring, from the opening scene all the way to the unexpected finish.
BAD It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.
GOOD This is a romantic horror with sci-fi inflections and it's a stunning example of the power of cinema.
GOOD Spring is a unique, engaging and utterly beguiling feature; one that smartly defies genre conventions at every turn.
GOOD I can only imagine discovering Spring as a teenager; I'm glad I discovered it at all.
GOOD Spring is both a whimsical love story and intensified creature feature, standing as one of the most artful interpretations of eternal romance achieved since, well, never.
GOOD An inventive original and leads to some stunning transformations and suspenseful sequences. Benson and Moorhead know how to manipulate the audience in a fun way. It's okay. You can trust them to take you on a good ride.
BAD Its grindhouse appeal will be enough for some audiences, but I sometimes require more of a statement to be made other than "It hurts when outback psychopaths stab you a bunch."
BAD John Jarratt is as magnificent as ever as the disgustingly gruesome Mick Taylor, but Wolf Creek 2 is mostly very predictable and a disappointing sequel to what was otherwise an incredibly daring original film.
BAD "Wolf Creek 2" isn't much different than "Wolf Creek," but it is markedly worse.
BAD A fast-moving, lean killing machine that will delight genre fans.
FAIR As well made as it is, it would be great to see what McLean could do if he were free from genre conventions and could put his many talents to use in a movie not built around beheadings and dismemberments.
BAD Offers little in the way of new thrills.
BAD While Creek has some notable frights reminiscent of the 2005 original, this version tries too hard to create a franchise-able serial killer from Down Under, a Mad Max with a machete.
BAD This Creek has run dry.
FAIR There are cheap shocks in the film, but there are also terrifying moments that poetically command our empathy.
BAD A tired, unwanted sequel that should have been left Down Under.
GOOD Wolf Creek ramped up to that relentless third act; Wolf Creek 2 begins at that third act and remains as relentless as ever.
BAD Wolf Creek 2 does all it can to paper over the fact that it shouldn't exist, but the film severely diminishes the integrity of the first Wolf Creek by turning Mick into a cartoon icon, more Outback legend than man.
FAIR A 106-minute game of cat and mouse where no one is safe, Greg McLean's second installment is fearless in the depths it plunders, very, very nearly matching the original in terms of its disturbing vitality and ultimate prolonged urgency.
FAIR This film turns its satire on the loveable serial killing rogue archetype, something that it seems some genre fans find harder to swallow.
GOOD Wolf Creek 2 is the ferocious kick in the ass that the slasher genre needs right now - bloody, brutal, and lead by a slasher icon in Mick Taylor that rivals the most memorable horror villains produced in the last decade.
GOOD 'Wolf Creek 2' is an insanely fun, yet dirty, grimy and vicious slasher massacre.
FAIR It's entertaining enough if all you require is a dash of gore and a few one liners, but this wolf has lost its bite.
GOOD WOLF CREEK 2 is just the crazy ride one hopes for in this ever affective horror genre but it's the pervasive satire that you absorb in this vulnerable state that leaves an indelible mark.
FAIR Wolf Creek 2 is never anything less than entertaining, but those looking for the gnawing tension of the original might be disappointed by lack of any real character development and a pantomime-inspired Mick Taylor.
BAD This critic's eyebrows were raised more for the inclusion of Rolf Harris' Tie Me Kangaroo Down Sport than for any would-be chills, which bizarrely fail to materialise.
FAIR A killer film and very satisfying, Wolf Creek 2 is also, hopefully, a sign of a healthy film industry, one buoyant enough to produce crowd-pleasing sequels from crowd-pleasing originals. No shame in that.
BAD Trades the raw, taboo-shattering violence of its predecessor for a cheaper, more predictable yet somehow nastier kind of carnage.
BAD Mclean injects the grimmest of grim humour into the mix (including a bizarre reference to the Rolf Harris classic Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport), and I imagine Quentin Tarantino is one of the movie's biggest fans. But the end result is manipulative and ugly.
FAIR This is the most notable home-grown fiction feature to hit cinemas since P.J. Hogan's Mental.
FAIR Mclean has made a lean and mean genre film that cranks the dial to eleven.
BAD After this cruddy display, all the bonus points Jarratt has racked up from Quentin Tarantino's misplaced man-crush on him are gone.
GOOD Wolf Creek lived [to be reviled]. I'm pleased to report Wolf Creek 2 is even more loathsome; detestable and disgusting in all the right ways.
FAIR suffers from peterjacksonsyndrome, but very entertaining.
GOOD Uncle Lloyd has done it again! Hell, he's welcome to come by my place to kick the dog any day!
BAD Laughs are few and far between, and the film feels brutally long.
BAD Shutter, which attempts to do for cameras what The Ring did for videocassettes, what Pulse did for computers, and what The Grudge did for grudges.
BAD Avoid unless you've never seen a horror movie in your life or you just have very low standards.
BAD ...an absolutely redundant piece of work...
BAD ... the film feels like a made-for-TV movie.
BAD Shutter features another pale, scraggly haired young woman a la The Ring haunting our protagonists. Yawn.
BAD paramenei eksisoy, an ohi kai perissotero flyaro ap' tin pigi tis empneysis toy. Apo tin opoia krata episis to megethos ton logikon almaton, oksynontas ta opoy mporei gia na klepsei merikes eykoles fantezi tromares, eno kseperna to prototypo sto epipono t
BAD As pretty and bland as its lead actors.
BAD Yeah, this movie is a must avoid.
BAD Workmanlike at best; derivative, predictable and slightly dull at worst.
BAD Workmanlike at best; derivative, predictable and slightly dull at worst.
FAIR It's an effective scary story that depicts women with spirit - on both sides of the divide.
BAD SHUTTER should have been the scariest horror film since THE RING, but instead it was infuriatingly bad. This joins ONE MISSED CALL in the ranks of worst horror remakes of all-time and I highly recommend skipping this one for the original...
BAD The latest in the downward spiral of remakes
BAD Are more of these Asian remakes in the offering? I "Shutter" to think.
BAD What happens is the same as every other J-horror remake only less so, at least in part because it stars Rachael Taylor and Joshua Jackson instead of actual famous people.
BAD No one needs a telephoto lens to see what's coming in Shutter.
BAD Only the punning title distinguishes this one from...other entries in this exhausted genre.
BAD Really, what's the point? It's a business deal rather than a movie.
BAD Suffers from cumulative mediocrity. In other words, there's only so much recycled rubbish you can endure without wanting to take a hostage.
BAD Your soul will be intact after Shutter, but it will cost you 85 minutes.
FAIR With Shutter, that nerve-tingling soundtrack gets heavy use almost from the beginning of the movie. It becomes tiresome.
BAD At some point in Shutter you will probably lose count, along with your patience, but the film will keep right on going.
FAIR Though a presentation of 20th Century Fox, Shutter has the look and feel of a proper J-horror film.
BAD If Shutter is any indication, the reputation of professional photographers is still on the wane. Not only are photographs creepy, the film suggests, but so are photographers.
BAD Shutter is a ghost story free of logic and spirit, representative of everything that's wrong with so much of current mainstream studio fare.
BAD The main problem is that they spelled the title wrong. The first vowel should be an I.
BAD Asian horror remakes are typically not screened for critics, and Shutter is no exception. The studios know what they have: watered-down, lifeless shells of motion pictures devoid of characters, drama, or anything remotely resembling horror.
BAD The director, Masayuki Ochiai, conjures textbook J-horror miasma: clammy clinical interiors; overcast skies; diffuse cityscapes.
FAIR Ochiai directs with calm assurance -- no eyeball-rattling quick cuts here -- and Dawson's screenplay preserves most of the original script's strengths and fixes a couple of weaknesses.
BAD Its PG-13 rating and basic lack of gore seem designed to be uncontroversial, but of course the result of all this anti-controversy is a really dull film.
FAIR Personally, I prefer the Thai original, which is available on DVD. It truly gave me the creeps.
FAIR Wilson and Page are compelling and Slade demonstrates a slick stylistic flair, but the over over-the-top shock pandering renders the dark lesson convoluted and hard to swallow.
FAIR Slade and his actors keep the tension high, and the questions don't come to mind until after the credits roll.
GOOD ... [I]t's Page who really carries the picture, delivering screenwriter Brian Nelson's clever dialogue so convincingly, we actually become scared for the child predator that she's tormenting.
GOOD a great suspence thriller in the likes of misery
BAD It's the kind of indie film that makes its mark by a controversial theme, an infamous scene, and dines out on its film-festival buzz.
GOOD Thoroughly confounding the 'normal' relationship between abuser and victim, first-time director Slade presents a complex morality tale under the guise of an exploitation thriller.
FAIR The film's strength is in the way it continually sustains suspense, particularly in the use of sound effects. Very little is shown, but much is heard.
GOOD A cracking little thriller which makes you think even as it's keeping you on the edge of your seat. It's not always easy viewing, but Hard Candy is an intelligent, challenging film which deserves to be seen.
FAIR Strong one-on-one acting elevates this table-turning horror show.
BAD You can sense that it wants to be talked about more than it wants to actually say anything
FAIR Hard-hitting independent thriller about child molestation and vigilante justice.
GOOD A film that will have you both squirming in your seat and teetering on the edge of it.
GOOD Smart, challenging and timely look at the world of internet grooming.
FAIR [Hard Candy is] a stylishly directed thriller that's worth seeing for its intense performances, but there are too few surprises and the end result is disappointing.
GOOD She's a tease with a whiff of fascist certainty in her summary judgments. It might be interesting to read what some post-feminists make of such a sleek action character.
GOOD This is one particularly edgy and disturbing little film, and it will no doubt have people talking by the end of the year -- if not for its taboo subject matter, then for the brilliant performance by its Lolitaesque star, Ellen Page.
GOOD Ellen Page comes off as a pint-sized Cillian Murphy with the vocabulary of Veronica Mars pushed through a Canandian sieve.
GOOD As an exercise in grueling psychological suspense, the movie is -- literally -- several 'cuts' above the rest.
GOOD The acting is also top-notch, as Patrick Wilson gives a desperate turn despite being tied up for much of the time, while Ellen Page steals the show with a grueling, star-making performance.
GOOD Hard Candy is both as ambiguous, and as obvious, a movie as you're likely to find in mainstream American cinema.
FAIR It's not the surprise that keeps us gripped; it's the deeply creepy writing and amazingly raw performances that do it.
BAD It takes creepy, spooky, and altogether ooky to a hideous new level.
FAIR A daring two-character drama that goes sour in its last half-hour ... In this Misery with a teen twist, Ellen Page delivers a mint performance far beyond her years.
FAIR ...a twisted battle of the sexes, featuring both seriously insightful subject matter and enough vicious put-downs to make Peg and Al Bundy blush.
GOOD Amazingly uncomfortable and only occasionally implausible. It's guaranteed to spark a reaction and a conversation.
BAD A calculated provocation with pretensions to public service value (think of the infamous 'molester' episode of 'Diff'rent Strokes').
FAIR It's well worth seeing, because it is well made -- apart from a few gaps in logic -- and well acted.
FAIR ... a film that gives you something to think about, raising questions that linger long after the theater lights have brightened.
BAD Hard Candy is an exploitation film, with very little happening but a guy getting tortured for about 75 minutes of screen time.
GOOD The aptly named Hard Candy is a challenging, flawed but strangely engrossing film.
BAD ... icky, incoherent thriller ...
FAIR It's cinematic S&M, a bondage-control game masquerading as a thriller.
FAIR The first hour has a grim and gritty anti-charm that's quite devilishly entertaining. And then the wheels kinda come off.
BAD Stinky brat pack crap.
BAD Demi, this is why I don't miss you.
BAD Pretty funny, but I don't think that was the idea.
BAD Lacklustre chiller
BAD it needed fred
FAIR The best "Tremors" sequel yet.....a welcome monster-mash!
BAD Tremors 3 is somewhat entertaining, but only in a I-really-want-like-this-movie-because-it's-Tremors-for-pete's-sake kind of way.
GOOD The third best in the series is still pretty damned entertaining.
FAIR While Tremors 3 certainly isn't about to win any awards for originality, fans of the series should find enough to keep them entertained.
BAD All in all, taken for what it is, Tremors 3 is worth a gander.
BAD Jaws is looking a bit long in the tooth these days.
BAD Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a bright idea for a film relying on suspense and tension.
BAD This is the one where the big rubber shark gets to attack an aircraft, but that's far from being the only silly thing about this preposterous fourth entry in the series.
BAD Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't get enough shark action to make up for it.
BAD Savagely dull, though at least it is tremendously incompetent as well, and thus marginally amusing, especially when the shark is actually onscreen.
BAD Poorly directed by Joseph Sargent, who relies heavily on blood and fast editing to create tension since there certainly isn't any written into the script.
BAD A ludicrous and laughable sequel that desecrates the name of a fantastic original.
BAD it's... amazing!
BAD Spielberg should never have sold the sequel rights
BAD A franchise sinks in this sequel's endless sea of incompetence.
BAD Okay, I'm sold. It's the worst sequel ever made. Yes, even including Batman and Robin.
BAD Spielberg should have sued for 'breach of earth-shattering stupidity'.
BAD The only jaws to watch out for in this film are yours, hitting the floor.
BAD Significantly worse than the rest of the series, this film is one of the worst bell-flops in recent cinema.
BAD The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them. Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.
BAD The serial killer is nothing but a Freddy Kreuger clone with a hint of "Mindbender" and "Lawnmower Man" for good measure, while Reid doesn't do much to escalate the tedious writing...
BAD To her credit, Tara Reid does pronounce this one correctly.
BAD Another violent and unnecessary sequel.
BAD Not bad enough to be good.
BAD Aggressively dull and downright unwatchable...
BAD I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer is entirely worthy of the dismissive derision that you felt when you first read the title.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not otherwise get.
GOOD True to its title, Albert Serra's new film approaches death as both narrative endpoint and formal focus, its initial vivacious mischief giving way to a Manichean fable about the waning of the light.
GOOD Serra's slow-burn romp depicts in enchanting natural light the revolutionary shift from the Enlightenment to irrationalism. Broadly symbolic, the film is also detailed enough that we can see particles of dust move through the air.
BAD Bad cop. Worse movie.
BAD ...if a movie like this is missing the gore, what's the point?
FAIR What distinguishes Plan 9 from the other contenders for worst film of all time is the movie's brazen sense of confidence.
GOOD "This isn't like plans one through eight. This is plan nine, the one that worked! The worst movie ever made!"
FAIR Far too entertaining to be considered as the very worst film ever made.
GOOD Like the greatest cinema poets, [Wood] always managed to work in his own particular pet pleasures or concerns, and that odd, ear-bending dialogue is almost like a bizarre kind of open-verse poetry.
FAIR Hardly The Remains of the Day, but some would claim it's more fun.
BAD Yes, it's so awful it's almost good. Here is the birth of camp in cinema.
BAD staggeringly, unmissably bad
FAIR The ultimate cult flick.
FAIR It's mind-numbingly brilliant in its overwhelming, soul-destroying badness.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as everyone seems to think it is.
GOOD Only because it's so awful, it's good.
FAIR When it's really bad, it's good. The rest is just dull.
BAD Unintentionally one of the funniest movies ever made and actually worth the rental price for sheer, silly fun. Pay special attention to the less than authentic gravestones.
FAIR Entertainingly, oddly inept, but a little of this stuff goes a long way
FAIR It's really rather glorious, in its own way.
BAD 'Certos filmes sao tao ruins que chegam a ser bons.'. A primeira pessoa que disse esta frase provavelmente acabara de assistir a 'Plano 9 Do Espaco Sideral'.
FAIR Oddly not as good as the theatrical cut.
FAIR The film feels like a collision between a John Hughes teen comedy and a David Lynch freakfest.
GOOD Like Being John Malkovich and 2001: A Space Odyssey and too few others, this is one of those mind-melting cinematic achievements.
FAIR ...in the years since the film was made, the country and the world have become even more divided.... Maybe the movie is more meaningful today than ever.
GOOD The longer version ... packs more of a kick and has a grander, gloomier vision: It represents four weeks in the mind of a smart, anguished, lonely guy who doesn't think he's fit to live.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that creates friendships among its aficionados.
GOOD Richard Kelly's revamped version of his creepy, cool debut is neither a bold revelation nor a bland over-elaboration.
FAIR The die-hards will dig it, and those who skipped its initial run should greater enjoy their first trip through the cellar door of Donnie's universe.
GOOD A masterpiece of mood...Donnie Darko is made less obscure-for better or worse-in Kelly's expanded director's cut.
GOOD What remains unchanged is the realization of just what a superb actor Jake Gyllenhaal is.
GOOD A generous, compassionate, daring movie.
GOOD What the movie loses in pure emotional reaction it gains in fatalistic desperation.
GOOD ...may be the truest depiction on film of the troubled adolescent mind.
FAIR Alive, original and intriguing.
GOOD Demands to be explored, analyzed and debated, and consists of interlocking miniature mysteries and broad, rewarding strokes that emerge with increased familiarity.
GOOD In his quest to make Darko more accessible, Kelly might upset a few loyalists of the original, but there are still enough questions left to confound and enthrall audiences in Donnie Darko's reconfigured version.
GOOD The 2001 cut is my preference, but the 2004 changes have their select attributes. Both editions, indeed, are modern masterworks.
FAIR Kelly has restored scenes, added effects and clarified the story -- almost always to the detriment of the mesmerizing surrealist mystery that made the film such a masterpiece.
GOOD Not necessarily better, but just a different and equally impressive take on a great film.
GOOD A deliriously subtle exploration of storytelling possibilities, and a deliciously wry teen-pic to boot.
FAIR At 133 minutes, the film doesn't feel longer, just deeper and more richly textured.
FAIR Kelly's story of a brilliant, disturbed teen (Jake Gyllenhaal) drowning in the cultural morass of the 1980s now feels bloated.
GOOD Now that it has returned in a 20-minute longer -- and richer -- director's cut, it seems sure to be ranked as one of the key American films of the decade.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
FAIR An old/new non-sequel re-release to awaken audiences who initially zombied out on its originality.
GOOD A strikingly different film from the original: with a slower pace and a much less enigmatic tone.
GOOD It's ultimately Kelly's inventive storytelling and the myriad of complex themes he explores that capture one's imagination and, in this reviewer's case, re-ignite one's passion for the medium.
FAIR While not forgetting the cinematic value of a coven of naked witches dancing around a bonfire, Zombie shows that he has matured as a filmmaker.
GOOD Featuring some playfully deranged fantasy and flashback sequences to compliment what is overall sober, superior horror, this budding auteur of the macabre is hitting his groove.
BAD I saw The Lords of Salem....I didn't really like it!
BAD "The Lords of Salem" presents an even bigger mess than usual. As the film progresses, you get inklings of a plot here and there, but one never wholly materializes, making for an incoherent and extraordinarily dull affair.
FAIR Zombie loves taking his beloved spouse and turning her into a demonic witch-Madonna while The Velvet Underground drones "All Tomorrow's Parties." As horror it's not horrifying, but as a valentine to creepshow romance it's almost heartwarming
FAIR Rob Zombie has matured as a filmmaker, as witnessed by this well-structured horror shocker, which plays with both historical events and familiar movie imagery to keep us unnerved even if it's ultimately rather silly.
GOOD [Rob Zombie] makes good on the promise of being one of America's most distinctive horror directors to securely become one of its best.
BAD Despite being based on the fascinating events of the 1692 Salem witch trials, The Lords of Salem sadly fails to offer anything exciting, thanks to a weak script, lack of scares and dreadful sound quality.
BAD The Lords Of Salem starts as a magnificent slow-burn satanic thriller, but goes up in flames quicker than a witch in Salem after a horrendous third act.
BAD Zombie's moody shocker finds the part-time singer still floundering to find his voice as a filmmaker while offering clear-cut evidence that it takes more than a deep love of the horror genre to become a great horror director.
GOOD With its visual wonders and mindbending narrative, The Lords of Salem is unlike anything Rob Zombie has ever done before.
BAD It's a credit to Zombie's interest in growing as an artist that he's drawing from more mature inspirations here, but it's also part of why the movie doesn't work.
BAD It's all meant to be monstrous, unspeakable, blasphemous horror but it comes across more like a slightly dirty drawing, passed in seventh-grade religion class.
FAIR Movies by Rob Zombie, the goth rocker turned cult filmmaker, aren't for everybody. But he couldn't care less.
BAD It's brave, bold, ambitious..... and not very good.
BAD Dull and incompetent. And I'm not just talking about his wife.
BAD Overlook the abysmal acting, unattractive nudity, awful dialogue, laughable effects and diabolical direction, and there are a few memorable shocks and images.
FAIR It's a head trip, to be sure, but it's Zombie's electric, haunted head, so my advice is just sit back and goggle.
FAIR Where The Lords of Salem excels is in its depiction of art, even seemingly innocuous Production Code cinema, as a vessel for unexpected malevolence.
BAD Considerable care goes into establishing the premise, but the film eventually abandons psychological subtlety for hallucinatory garishness, which is too bad.
FAIR "The Lords of Salem" will make you feel bad. But it's supposed to.
BAD Rob Zombie, film scholar? I'm convinced. Rob Zombie, filmmaker? Mmmyeah, not so much.
FAIR Atmosphere is three-fourths of the game in a horror film, and "The Lords of Salem" has it in spades.
BAD A portrait of vengeful occult torment that pushes hard to redefine the meaning of "witch trials."
BAD Though admirable for moving away from director Rob Zombie's comfort zone by focusing on mood and atmosphere over jump scares and a body count, the viewer walks away feeling the one thing horror should never elicit: indifference.
BAD You get the idea that "The Lords of Salem" would be a lot scarier if you could tell what was going on.
FAIR Instead of retreating into his manic, hyper-allusive style of psychedelic, grindhouse-friendly pastiche, Zombie tested his considerable skills and made something different.
BAD So bad it's hilarious.
BAD Occasionally potent but mostly risible, this tale of the occult sees Rob Zombie cast a weak spell. Disappointing.
FAIR Even as a coven assembles, the movie forgets to scare.
BAD It's ambitious but, ultimately, a failure.
BAD Despite the grim, ghastly ghosts, it's a forgettable film.
BAD Out of the Dark proves that quality acting and a fresh setting can't revive a DOA yarn.
BAD Without compelling characters, worthwhile performances, or superficially arresting aesthetic pleasures, the only thing of interest in "Out of the Dark" is its thematic concern with suppressed third-world citizens.
BAD Julia Stiles and Scott Speedman sleepwalk through a thriller that never lets either of their talents materialize.
BAD Unfortunately, there aren't many thrills and the pace is so slow that I fell asleep from tedium waiting for something that resembled a goose bump.
FAIR An unusual setting gives this low-key horror some added interest, stirring a whiff of issue-based drama into the otherwise under-developed plot...
BAD A horror movie with an anti-globalist bent that's more interesting than its halfhearted scares.
BAD A solid ghost-story framework, a couple of decent frights -- no more.
GOOD Jonathan Demme's hypnotic adaptation of the Thomas Harris novel has a seriousness and intensity that's been entirely lacking in horror movies lately.
GOOD Hopkins' cumulative screen image is one of civility and decency, and the association adds to the withering, macabre effect of his murderer. It is a remarkably lucid portrait of lunacy.
GOOD Demme comes at Harris' material from another angle: His movie may deal with madness, but his perspective is mercifully sane.
BAD It's a gnarled, brutal, highly manipulative film that, at its center, seems morally indefensible.
GOOD Has any horror movie equalled it in the past 22 years? Perhaps. But if only one super-gory flick is ever considered worthy enough for the Academy's top prize, I'm fine with this being it.
GOOD This multi-Oscar-winning classic, adapted from Thomas Harris's bestseller, was responsible for giving cinematic serial killers a better image, thanks to Anthony Hopkins's enthralling portrayal of Hannibal Lecter.
BAD Foster's character, who is appealing, is dwarfed by the monsters she is after. I'd rather see her work on another case.
GOOD Thriller that made the serial killer a superstar.
GOOD The odd psychological interplay between the gutsy, but green, Starling and the deranged, yet fascinating, Lecter provides the basic tone for Jonathan Demme's well-made, insidious shocker.
GOOD Screenwriters and directors can turn to this classic film for a primer on how to create incredible tension and horror far in excess of what we actually see onscreen.
GOOD All of its most enduring aesthetic qualities and themes%u2014essentially what sets it apart from so many imitators and established it almost immediately as a canonical film%u2014are contained in its riveting first 20 minutes, which draw you in like a stee
GOOD It has maintained its reputation as a chilling drama after all these years...
GOOD Demme has the control of a born master of suspense.
GOOD This is a still wonderful example of classy storytelling and unforgettable characterisation.
GOOD A riveting, non-stop thriller of nerve-racking intensity.
GOOD Not since The Exorcist had a horror flick been this applauded! It was almost as if ... "horror" were its own legitimate genre!
GOOD If you disregard the homophobic elements, you'll enjoy Demme's terrific thriller with brilliant acting from Hopkins, who makes a likable hero out of Hannibal, and Jodie Foster, as the agent who becomes his reluctant partner and romantic interest
GOOD The film comes through with flying colors.
GOOD A first unmissable, then enduring, but always unmissable classic.
GOOD the best serial-killer movie, ever!
FAIR Foster follows up her Oscar-winning role in The Accused by playing a determined young woman with an unhappy past from West Virginia, and Hopkins is a sight: This guy is so scary he even hisses with style.
GOOD It's good, but it's not quite the classic it's touted as.
GOOD The film's principle attraction stems not from the thrill of the hunt, but from the spellbinding skull sessions between Jodie Foster's heroine and Anthony Hopkins's brilliant, menacing villain.
GOOD Brilliant, chilling and flawless. Hopkins delivers a villain for our times.
GOOD It stands in a glass cage and scoffs at you!
GOOD Terrifying and inescapable. A perfect meditation on the nature of fear and courage, featuring two of the greatest performances ever put on film.
GOOD Director Jonathan Demme keeps the film intense and haunting, and Jodie Foster compelling to watch.
GOOD [A] powerful, thought-provoking and surprisingly well-made film.
BAD Uma ideia imbecil protagonizada por atores sem carisma e dirigida com espetacular incompetencia.
BAD ...shockingly non-horrific.
BAD If this is what the future holds for both franchises, then today's youngsters are welcome to it.
BAD Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.
BAD In a word, repugnant.
BAD ...an utterly needless sequel that's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises...
BAD Too underlit to qualify as splatter, too bloodless to qualify as fun, too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style, AvP:R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness.
BAD Does Alien vs. Predator: Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise? Let's hope so
BAD i want more aliens fewer people!
BAD Well, there's not much to see here. And I mean that literally.
BAD Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant a mourir et de tres mauvais gout
BAD I'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never quite came together as a parallel arc beyond the clunky "They're all fighting personal wars" motif...
BAD Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness, and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could see the **** they were shooting.
BAD With a spike in the gore quotient, hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson's blood after the first AVP may be happy. Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check.
BAD The world's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on.
BAD A mindless distraction.
BAD This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms, but it still doesn't live up to its heritage.
BAD Fans deserve better.
BAD Scriptwriter Shane Salerno's dialogue is unspeakable, the visceral horror all too familiar, and the ideas distinctly second-hand.
BAD An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008.
BAD ...wastes no money on stars, no time on plot or character, and no lighting on the set...
BAD ... why not just film an intergalactic reality show where eager young predators can prove their worth for fabulous prizes by surviving 24 hours on the alien homeworld?
BAD The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings don't compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic.
BAD Fez com que eu percebesse que, de repente, estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode nao ser um destino tao horrivel como eu imaginava. Ao menos, eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta serie.
FAIR The film is competently executed, occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch, no matter whether you choose to laugh at or with it.
BAD Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title, it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all.
BAD Mean-spirited, gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause, who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers (in name at least).
BAD Left a bland aftertaste in my mind.
BAD A worse AVP film than the first one just couldn't be made. Except that, impossibly, it has.
BAD Not so much a movie as much as it is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen.
BAD Indifference is the name of the game across the board, really.
BAD I can't say for sure what the 'Requiem' in the film's title refers to, though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series.
BAD Ho, ho, ho -- the joke's on anyone who pays to see this.
BAD Delivers what it promises and not much more.
BAD Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.
FAIR It may not be classic sci-fi like the original Alien, which it has in its DNA, but it's a perfectly respectable next step in the series.
BAD The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen. Then again, maybe that's for the best.
BAD Hurt sells the silliness almost convincingly, but even from such a skillful pitchman it comes out sounding, finally, like junk.
BAD This purported whodunit thriller never solves its main mystery: How and why did this film get made in the first place?
BAD A math- and symbology-tinged thriller adapted by director Alex de la Iglesia, and pitched at a breakneck, didactic clip, absent any sensible, modulated emotional investment in the characters or material.
BAD Disappointing, badly plotted thriller, let down by some dodgy acting, poor direction and a script that makes The Da Vinci Code look like a masterpiece.
BAD The murders are simply chalk marks on a blackboard with no build-up and little fallout.
BAD Not so terrible that you can understand why it's been practically buried by its distributors, but you can get better ridiculous whodunits on TV.
BAD Pitch Black is such a stinker that it makes Twohy's previous sci-fi thriller, The Arrival, look halfway decent.
FAIR A solid creature feature, but not at all a revelatory one.
FAIR Original Riddick pic is violent, with teamwork rewarded.
BAD ...your typical run-for-your-life-the-monsters-are-coming science fiction adventure that requires one to park his brain at the front door of the theater before entering.
FAIR If only there had been as much time spent on creating believable aliens as there obviously was on the landscape.
FAIR Hey man, it's February. You've already picked through all the leftover Oscar-bait you can take, so it's no time to be picky.
FAIR PITCH BLACK deserves to be recommended as a solid piece of genre entertainment.
FAIR One of the best of the sci-fi spectacles cut from the Alien cloth.
GOOD A solid entry in the genre of science fiction horror.
FAIR The action scenes are good, if sparse.
FAIR By no means an excellent movie, or even a reasonably good one, but it is much better than most of its sic-fi brethren today.
BAD [A] derivative, plot-hole ridden sci-fi flick, redeemed only by the blazing star-in-the-making quality of Vin Diesel.
FAIR Against all odds, Pitch Black hit me in the right places, and I believe that those who are lucky enough to give it a chance won't forget it either for at least one reason...VIN DIESEL.
FAIR It may not be original, but it is smart. More importantly, it's scary.
BAD The script is a compendium of science-fiction cliches, familiar in Hollywood movies since the early fifties.
FAIR With a witty script and a cool sense of building dread, Pitch Black is a surprisingly entertaining sci-fi thriller.
GOOD Pitch Black is relentless in its integrity; it's lean and mean and it doesn't waste time.
FAIR It is an entertainment and quite a good one too.
FAIR An enjoyably tense sci-fi horror show from David Twohy...
GOOD Despite the scientific and logical lapses, it is a pretty good adventure yarn with some interesting twists and turns.
FAIR [David Twohy] tweaks this formulaic escape-from-hell story with just enough original touches to give it a lift.
FAIR It's not an especially challenging part, but Diesel handles it with aplomb.
GOOD This is filmmaking that's lean, mean and (in Diesel) boasts one hell of a fighting machine.
GOOD Even those who shun the gripping effect of horror films might find Pitch Black a challenge worth taking on.
BAD Aside from being vile and repellent, it's mainly dull -- old-fashioned in its shock tactics and culminating in a ho-hum climax.
FAIR Mother of Tears may not stand tall in Argento's body of viscera-laden work, but this final chapter of a loosely defined trilogy is refreshingly old school in its trashiness.
BAD Mother of Tears puts a dent in Argento's rep as a horror maestro.
BAD I wanted this to be great. Hell, I would have settled for just above average. This just sucks. All of the key elements are in place -- a solid story, great gore F/X, good sound work ... everything except Dario.
FAIR We come to an Argento picture for the surreal, Baroque imagery, and though much here fits those descriptions, there's a great deal of it that's also quite gaudy and goofy and, dare I say, campy.
BAD Should be locked away for the sake of mankind.
BAD A real shame.
GOOD Just as twisted, surprising and gruesome as anything that Argento has given us in the past and a more than worthy successor to its two predecessors.
BAD A gruesome drama enacted by a cast that speaks English with a bewildering variety of accents, Mother of Tears is reliably gruesome and occasionally startling but not particularly scary.
BAD Asia Argento's outright horrendous performance ruins what could have been a decent B-movie.
FAIR The visuals are vibrant and fans of Argento's bravura bloodletting will thrill to his imaginative use of pikes, entrails and his daughter, who performs a shower scene for Dear Old Dad.
FAIR No, this film doesn't make a ton of sense but it is highly entertaining. An insane, delirious bloodbath.
BAD A crude, artless bogey tale. Attempts to position it as a camp masterpiece are misguided and condescending,
BAD The gore is simply midnight-movie disgusting. And the ending is rushed and flat -- as if it had been tacked on by another hand.
BAD The film lacks the visual class of previous Argento efforts and relies more on shocks than suspense.
BAD Much of this spooky-spirits-in-Rome chiller is by the numbers.
FAIR Although The Mother of Tears teeters on the preposterous and awkward, it is diverting and reveals that the filmmaker's signature bravura flourishes and use of sinister settings are still intact.
FAIR It's hard to find lines and performances like Mother of Tears outside of anything that doesn't come with a XXX rating.
FAIR Mother of Tears transcends camp without forsaking it. Argento pitches the proceedings toward the ridiculous (his pacing is as perfect as some of the witches' breasts are fake) but only in the name of reaching a new cheesy sublime.
BAD This long-awaited final offering about the apocalyptic second sacking of Rome by an unholy pack of demons gets lost in the back alleys of '70s-era Italian horror films and unconvincing Cinecitta Studio sets.
GOOD ...Silly, awkward, vulgar, outlandish, hysterical, inventive, revolting, flamboyant, titillating, ridiculous, mischievous, uproarious, cheap, priceless, tasteless and sublime.
GOOD Hitting the ground running and never giving up for 90 nasty minutes, Mother of Tears is Dario Argento's final statement on his precedent as the definitive Delacroix of dread.
FAIR So logically impaired, so clumsily written and so haphazardly designed that it's a sheer delight.
BAD not nearly enough action and gore, and there's far too much time spent on uncovering secrets and tracking down random tidbits
FAIR The final installment of filmmaker Argento's Three Mothers series, this rollicking scarefest boasts roving bands of leggy witches, blundering priests, and voices from Beyond.
FAIR A fascinating effort in '70s horror nostalgia, or proof that they don't make them like they used to for good reason.
BAD Dario Argento's ketchupy brand of horror hasn't aged well, nor have his sexual politics. Enjoyably campy at first, then offensive and ultimately just bad.
BAD A kinky alternative to The Da Vinci Code for conspiracy theorists with cast iron stomachs.
FAIR A decent time killer with strong performances and a good head on its shoulder.
BAD Like the other sequels, The Howling Reborn takes a great concept and completely flushes it down the toilet in order to exploit modern horror/werewolf trends.
BAD tries to distance itself from Twilight...but tries the same tricks, including the morose soundtrack, washed-out cinematography and overload of teen know-it-all angst
BAD 60% Lost Boys, 30% Twilight, and 10% guaranteed to evoke huge peals of derisive giggles at slumber parties across the country.
BAD So-so amalgam of cop procedural and werewolf mayhem.
BAD ...the film's few sparks of originality and charisma are stamped out by a script and a director who refuses to take any genuine chances with the subject material.
BAD The film, which runs a scant 83 minutes (and that includes the opening and closing credits), feels like it's just getting going when it abruptly ends.
FAIR The movie ought to be scarier, but in the current genre environment of teen-centric, found-footage shockers, its messing-with-Mother Nature traditionalism and structured storytelling is so old-school it feels new again.
BAD ...a thoroughly unmemorable and disappointingly lazy horror endeavor.
BAD This sub-par scare-flick entry in the "back from the dead" genre starts smart but gets dumber as it goes.
BAD If hell, as the movie says, is the worst memory of your life on an infinite loop, I'd better clean up my act or I'll be watching The Lazarus Effect for all eternity.
BAD The picture is in desperate need of a personality, a perspective, something that justifies its existence.
BAD The fright ultimately fizzles...
BAD The first truly awful horror film of 2015... Only one aspect of the film is good on any level: Olivia Wilde is absolutely splendid.
BAD Despite an intriguing opening and an overqualified cast, The Lazarus Effect can't shake a been-there/resurrected-that vibe.
BAD Ms. Wilde could hold our attention needlepointing the Periodic Table, but having our dream fulfilled to see her go all 'Carrie' couldn't breathe life into this misfire.
BAD This isn't a journey, it's a funeral procession.
BAD And just when things are poised to get interesting, the movie goes nowhere really, really fast.
BAD Lovely Olivia Wilde gets so many extreme close-ups that you feel like her dermatologist. She winds up looking like those outer-space pictures of dead moons.
FAIR The concepts in this film are not terribly new, but they are effectively presented.
BAD The Lazarus Effect is one of those horror films where lack of character logic makes it hard to root for the bodies that are inevitably going to pile the floor.
BAD Despite a good cast and a short running time, Blumhouse Productions' latest micro-budget pic doesn't have the alluring franchise pull of some of its other films.
BAD The story is dismayingly ordinary and its execution by director David Gelb is virtually devoid of invention.
BAD The movie anxiously, recklessly rushes through its plot toward the climax, as if it's afraid of anyone noticing its emptiness.
BAD "The Lazarus Effect" boasts nothing special. It's not going to provide much relief for horror-starved audiences.
BAD If you slammed the heads of Lucy and Carrie together, The Lazarus Effect would be the messy aftermath left on the ground.
BAD Another cheapie from the producers of "Paranormal Activity." Aims low, but hits its target.
BAD The Lazarus Effect starts dead and cannot be raised from it.
BAD This isn't a real horror movie-this is the kind of horror movie that the characters in a real horror movie watch in order to comment on the lameness of the genre before their authentic terrors begin.
BAD A low-rent rip-off of Flatliners. The talented cast is wasted.
BAD The Lazarus Effect does have one redeeming quality. It ends quickly.
BAD No resurrection for this dog please.
BAD Mildly enjoyable despite its basic mediocrity ...
BAD The Lazarus Effect begins with an intriguing premise then proceeds to squander all the early goodwill through a slow, inexorable descent into cheap horror gimmicks.
BAD While The Lazarus Effect isn't the worst scary movie film you'll see this year, it is probably one of the most predictable and lazily plotted.
BAD Although it does stagger and groan and stumble around, you wouldn't necessarily say it's alive.
BAD It staggers, zombielike, from one jump-scare to another before petering out, a scant 83 minutes after rising from the slab.
BAD For a film that has pulled a reasonably overqualified cast with solid dramatic chops, it is regretfully short on any characters that stick out in any way whatsoever.
FAIR The Ring Two has a great deal of mood and there are some genuinely chilling moments, but weak characters sap it of all strength.
BAD Scarier than the first, but not as interesting.
BAD Feels incomplete and is immensely sloppy, without a lick of sense.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD Fracassa ao abandonar o interessante conceito da fita amaldicoada para se concentrar numa trama boba envolvendo possessao. Ainda assim, e melhor que Ringu 2 - o que nao e uma grande proeza.
FAIR [It] inevitably lacks the unsettling mystery and the evolving unease of the first one. While there are still startling moments, there are no surprises.
FAIR The 'terror' remains that only in theory as, for all its isolated amusements, [the film] never truly scares.
BAD Destroyed its own best scary bits in favor of digging up more mythology.
FAIR The result is actually much better than anyone had perhaps expected, with a fright quota that actually exceeds the original, even if it completely abandons common sense and rational plotting to get there.
FAIR Shouldn't wind up the devotees too much and will keep fans of the first American movie quiet.
BAD Just about as bad as the first film was. If anything, it's a little stupider.
FAIR The film may not be quite as good as the first one, but rest assured there are plenty of scares left in this franchise.
FAIR a different and, I would argue, slightly better film that its predecessor
BAD Dead in the water.
FAIR It is like an exercise in cinema mechanics: Images, music, photography and mood conspire to create a sense of danger, even though at any given moment we cannot possibly explain the rules under which that danger might manifest itself.
BAD We're left with another tepid PG-13 horror sequel that rehashes huge chunks of the original and, in the end, has almost nothing new to offer.
BAD A few good gotcha moments and one solid thrill isn't enough save this movie.
BAD ...there's virtually no reason for the movie to even exist.
BAD Watts is a terrific actress, but there's little she can do to cover the cavernous gaps in logic in Ehren Kruger's script.
BAD Hideo Nakata directed the Japanese version of the "Ringu" series and one would expect that he'd know how to do a decent horror film..for some reason he didn't do it this time.
BAD Like most bad sequels, it is a patchwork quilt of themes and images from other, better movies.
BAD This tired followup manages to recycle all that was obnoxious about the first movie while abandoning the one legitimately frightening element of the original: the tape.
BAD Naomi Watts is excellent, giving a more complex performance than the film really deserves and portraying Rachel as a mixture of anger, toughness and vulnerability.
BAD Less is often more but in the case of The Ring Two, the lazily-titled sequel to the popular -- and enormously successful -- The Ring, more is less (more or less).
GOOD This isn't a slasher horror film at all; it gets deep into the characters' heads.
BAD Saddled with a dreary pacing and the need to fulfill its sequel-itis tendencies, this particular Ring is tainted jewelry in search of its missing sparkle
BAD From what I could tell, Samara would be a much more interesting child to hang with than Aidan, who has the engaging personality of a cardboard box.
BAD An assortment of scenes from the original reshot with the sprinklers turned on, held together by the thinnest of plots.
BAD ... it's best to give up on the plot because it's horse manure (and not even pure horse manure). Sometimes the well just runs dry.
BAD ...throws its own rules out the window.
BAD This time the prophecy of The Ring might just come true: You watch it, you die. Of boredom.
FAIR I sort of enjoyed it, but I'm not sure how fans of the first movie will react.
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a good sign when the special effects give more memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept. And it's not even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it nearly as much as I ought to have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs. Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth noting, unless one is noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans. But if you are not a fan, the "oh jeez" moments will far outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with actual cinema as kids, so why are we doing so with this one? It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is. The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens. There are predators. They fight. What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train may be no classic of the genre, but it's certainly a better and more interesting film than most of what passes for horror movies these days.
FAIR This is the best Clive Barker-inspired movie in a long, long time -- probably since "Hellraiser III" in 1992.
FAIR Goes full speed on ultra-gory rails before slamming to an abrupt stop.
BAD while skimpy on characterization and plot, it should please gorehounds and Barker fans alike
BAD Japanese director Ryuhei Kitamura, who kicked off his career with 2000's impressive micro-budget zombie flick Versus, delivers plenty of stylish visuals and an admirably unrestrained attitude to gore.
BAD The film hurtles towards the final 'revelation moment' like runaway train. If only it had stopped to take on board some of Barker's heavy mythical dread.
FAIR Unfairly buried by its distributors in the US, this film takes what could have been a drab set-up and gives it some real bravado, energy and creativity.
FAIR The Midnight Meat Train is destined for cult status as an minor horror gem.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train can best be described as splatter noir. It's Fritz Lang by way of an abattoir.
FAIR Destined to be a cult classic as a vicious, brilliant, and disgusting horror film...
BAD This sharp and brutal little yarn about a photographer who stumbles across a serial killer is a fan film if every there was one -- and only fans will be able to stomach it.
BAD More interesting than most of the torture-porn or Asian-inspired thrillers that make it to theaters these days, but its tired combination of incongruously pretty fashion-mag photography and outrageously gruesome digital effects is dead on arrival.
BAD Public-transit terror tale is beyond bloody. Pass.
BAD It was a pretty neat concept, but it has such a bad script and bogged down with horrendous acting that I can't say it's a good movie
GOOD Manages to maintain that sly sense of dread that permeates the best of Barker's horror tales. Certainly one of the most effective horror films of the year.
FAIR MEAT TRAIN is the first BOOK OF BLOOD to depart from the station in a long time and it's refreshing to see that the film carries that bleak, yet romantic touch of Clive Barker all over it... it's guaranteed to make you squirm, scream and beg for more!
BAD This one comes close to Spielberg's Jaws...alphabetically, that is.
BAD The least fathfull bio of a serial killer, ever.
BAD Mergulha nas velhas perseguicoes de sempre, sendo ainda mais prejudicado pelos dialogos pavorosamente ruins.
FAIR A fine attempt, and fine entertainment, but not one for the ages.
BAD Unfortunately, the 12A rating means that the film lacks the two most essential ingredients for a teen horror flick: sex and gore.
BAD Aside from leading lady Lindy Booth and a directorial style that screams for a smarter screenplay, there's very little here that'll thrill the horror hounds and/or the gore gourmets.
BAD Nothing about the plot has any real spark, besides the gimmicky set-up.
BAD ...ultimately unsatisfactory...
FAIR If you want something that asks you to think along with it to keep up with the characters and plot, Cry_Wolf's a good place to be.
FAIR Here's a little movie that should have thriller aficionados licking their chops.
BAD You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch.
BAD Rumors of the slasher genre's death have not been greatly exaggerated, if this Chrysler Million Dollar Film Contest winner is any indication.
BAD another case of a modern thriller where we are expected to accept too many silly things
BAD I don't mind that the plotting is as transparent as a roomful of Saran Wrap. what I object to is that this movie is terminally, sleep-inducingly boring.
FAIR A cut above the rest.
FAIR Not only is it kind-of-sort-of-almost good, but it's also arguably the best horror movie in theaters right now -- thanks to a decent script with a couple of great twists.
FAIR The movie consistently keeps us guessing, right up to its twisty, satisfying finish.
GOOD A clever teen thriller with intricate plotting, deft characterizations, sharp ensemble performances and a darkly ironic twist at the end.
BAD In this adolescent horror flick, the first-time screenwriters Jeff Wadlow and Beau Bauman prove more adept at staging mind games than creating chills for the audience.
BAD Wadlow and cowriter Beau Bauman start with a clever conceit, but Wadlow's gimmicky direction runs it right into the ground.
BAD The best that you can probably say about it is that it isn't as bad as you expected.
FAIR A stylish, frequently charming throwback to a time when horror films were essentially psychological thrillers with a higher body count.
BAD The bulk of the low budget must have gone to funding the sheep's clothing.
BAD Une version un peu plus intelligente du slasher movie habituel, ce qui n'en fait pas plus un film intressant.
BAD The inevitable detour into tedious and-then-there-were-none territory is all the more dispiriting in light of some of the intriguingly undeveloped ideas.
BAD The current state of the American horror genre is, sadly, in a current state of horror.
BAD Dumb werewolf movie may leave you feeling cursed.
BAD It really never deserved to be more than a quickie TV-movie on the WB, where it would've aired around Halloween and then faded into oblivion.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD A procession of silly startlements: a sudden loud sound here, a mysterious hand creeping in there. This isn't scary, it's irritating. And then it's tiresome.
FAIR Until this past Friday, the worst werewolf film ever made was, hairy hands down, Mike Nichols' Wolf. Cursed now assumes that dubious distinction and someone is going to have to try very hard to wrestle it away.
BAD film whose authors require so many excuses doesn't deserve an audience
FAIR ...boredom never quite sets in thanks to the engaging performances...
BAD It's disheartening to see three so extraordinary talents as Craven, Williamson, and Ricci create so distinctly ordinary a product. (Unrated Version)
BAD Subestima a inteligencia do espectador do inicio ao fim e apela para todo tipo de cliche de direcao para tentar provocar sustos ocasionais.
BAD Watchable horror film has good performances and several nice moments but it's let down by some dodgy CGI and a patchy script.
BAD If this is the way Craven is headed, we should be mourning the loss of a true talent.
FAIR They band together to combat the curse of these unnatural impulses and strike out to kill their original attacker in hopes of saving themselves.
BAD Cursed feels like a series of curveballs designed to confuse the audience into thinking they're watching anything other than bad dialogue.
FAIR Cursed is no Scream, but it is at least a healthy yelp.
BAD They weren't just scraping the bottom of the barrel here; they were lifting it up to see what gunk clung to its mouldy base.
BAD When the violence-filled, snarling creature-fest appears to be over, there's another act to go. It should have quit when it was almost a hoot.
BAD A werewolf howler with no bite or bark. It's completely scream-free.
BAD Messy and disconnected, not scary but not really funny, and nearly completely uninteresting.
BAD bears all the hallmarks of a film that has been worked and reworked and reworked again
BAD Genre fans and newcomers alike should skip this monstrosity and go rent Ginger Snaps instead.
BAD The Weinsteins screw Craven out of a possibly great horror film.
FAIR It's fun watching the horror conventions unfold though Craven's skillful camera.
BAD Before it was reworked for a PG-13 it might have been a more interesting movie than the lame, tame and more of the same werewolf yarn that skulked into theaters last week.
BAD not quite edgy enough to be cool and it's certainly nowhere near scary enough for most horror fans
BAD Not what you'd expect from the makers of the Scream movies, but it still has it moments; not a lot of them, but a few.
BAD This on-again, off-again horror movie is a mess -- quite literally.
BAD The film vacillates between inanity and flat-out lameness, and the decision to recut from an R-rated version to a PG-13 sucked out whatever life might have been left.
BAD The scariest thing about this movie is the incredible waste of once-vital talent.
BAD The special effects are chintzy -- some of the time, it looks like the people are being attacked by Garfield.
BAD A third-rate effort, with a weak script, cheap-looking effects and no genuine frights.
FAIR How can you not feel affectionate toward a movie that includes a line like, 'I guess there's no such thing as safe sex with a werewolf'?
BAD A hodgepodge of false starts and dead ends, and an assault on an audience's patience (as well as on the continuity editor).
BAD It's not bad enough to make you curse, but you are likely to laugh when you should scream, and to roll your eyes when you are meant to laugh.
BAD Astonishingly dull and pervasively unwatchable...
BAD There are many things to make fun of here.
BAD From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
BAD The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
BAD Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure? You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
BAD One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
BAD There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
BAD The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never generates enough tension due to preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
BAD Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time. It's not merely bad; it's unpleasant in a hostile way.
BAD Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
BAD There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
BAD If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
BAD A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
BAD Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
BAD Blame this mess on Travolta.
BAD If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
BAD The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
BAD This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
BAD AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS! IT BURNS!
BAD Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
BAD It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
BAD finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
BAD Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
BAD O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
BAD groundbreaking in the world of . . . well, gore
GOOD Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers.
FAIR 30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills, thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie.
FAIR Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects, Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie.
BAD About as scary as Count Chocula.
FAIR Not bad, but let's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor.
BAD ... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains.
BAD The action is fast and gruesome, but beyond Niles and Templesmith's unique setting, in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon, '30 Days of Night' offers little to stir the imagination.
BAD I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch.
GOOD The coolest vampire movie since Near Dark.
BAD 30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie, but only with its novel premise.
FAIR It certainly does entertain, particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends...entertaining. Twice!
BAD Concept: excellent. Setup: intriguing. Execution: well... too many interesting ideas bungled.
FAIR aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy, kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy, parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn
BAD Os vampiros vistos aqui sao pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes.
FAIR It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great
FAIR an okay flick
FAIR Redeems the vampire sub-genre, yanking it from the abysmal depths...
BAD Overall, the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled, especially as the monsters get stronger, faster, badder and nuttier.
BAD 30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting, but it's badly let down by poor direction, dismal acting and an appalling script.
FAIR A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett.
FAIR If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet.
BAD 30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pate in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor.
FAIR The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied, sloppy, shaky-camera fangwork.
FAIR An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror.
FAIR A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula, with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter, but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time.
BAD Good idea, boring execution.
BAD I've seen more creepy vampires, I guess. But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in "30 Days of Night" is pretty interesting.
FAIR This has more bite than we've come to expect from Sam Raimi's Ghost House production outfit. Some of the action misses the jugular, but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie.
BAD A frustrating mix of imaginative design, erratic plotting and underwritten characters.
FAIR In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings, it does make your blood run cold - assuming you've got any left.
GOOD This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark.
GOOD 30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling, bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that's well worth the wait.
FAIR The isolated, unique nature of the town's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears, but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise
BAD Great setup, a mediocre middle, and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss, although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch.
BAD They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end.
BAD Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more, so there is lots of blood, lots of gore, and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video.
FAIR It's not quite torture porn, but there are lots of flying body parts to play with. And that flyin' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it.
BAD The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite.
FAIR your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating.
GOOD A colorful and entertaining look behind the scenes of From Dusk Till Dawn
GOOD Longer than the movie whose construction it documents, this is nonetheless an entertaining (if sprawling) look behind the scenes.
GOOD Great documentary full of behind-the-scenes moments with stars and crew.
GOOD Even better than the film they're making! a must-see!
FAIR Full-Tilt Boogie is a tribute to the people who work behind the camera, but don't normally compete for golden statues on Oscar night.
BAD Like a flashlight that's running low on juice, you can feel the life oozing out of Nightlight with every faint flicker.
BAD The Blair Witch Project has inspired dozens of imitations and knock-offs, but perhaps none so close to the source -- and yet so uninspired -- as NIGHTLIGHT.
BAD "Nightlight" is a perfect example of a film with interesting ideas that are totally smothered by poor execution.
FAIR The plot's central elements are ones we've seen before, but Waechter's film puts a fresh, tautly wound spin on them.
FAIR At its core, Sisterhood wants to be about reaching out and getting beyond the walls of misperception and miscommunication, but if you play too many shell games, finding that heart goes from being a genuine emotional odyssey to a cheap parlor trick.
BAD There's so much going on in the world of the Sisterhood ... the story starts to buckle under its own weight.
FAIR A daunting test of teen loyalty by way of an Electronic Age equivalent of a Salem witch hunt.
FAIR A compelling cautionary tale.
FAIR It's not quite The Crucible, but this Sisterhood works, creating a bit of poignant witchcraft of its own.
FAIR It's smart about the modern draw of victimization and attention, and how people who live life on a perpetually scrolling online stage can become starved for validation in any form.
FAIR The drama is a poignant paean to young women and feminine creativity, bolstered by impressive performances from a fresh cast and a sense of breathy, hyper-aware immediacy that captures the heady now-ness of adolescence.
FAIR The film is so unusually moving and penetrating because it refuses to cloud its emotions in distancing irony, anger, or nihilism.
FAIR Campbell mugs shamelessly and clearly has a ball as scene outdoes scene in comic thrust and haphazard horror.
FAIR Evil Dead 2 is, pardon the expression, consistently lively -- a ghoulish splatter comedy that uses wildly excessive gore to provoke the kind of shock that lies between a laugh and a scream.
GOOD The best horror-comedy ever made.
GOOD Everything a sequel should be in terms of better but distractingly a reboot that means its predecessor should be wiped away. Two versions of the same thing by the same people is too many.
GOOD Where the first was dark and unpleasant, part two is gut-hurtingly funny.
GOOD A masterpiece of B-movie horror-comedy mayhem fueled by Sam Raimi's fast-paced slapstick sensibilities and brought to life by Bruce Campbell's incredible performance.
GOOD Evil Dead II exceptionally blends comedy, thrills, and gore, while also solidifying Sam Raimi as a gifted and innovative director.
GOOD The gaudily gory, virtuoso, hyper-kinetic horror sequel/remake uses every trick in the cinematic book, and confirms that Bruce Campbell and Raimi are gods.
FAIR Good acting would not have served the material well, since it would have diluted the comedy quotient and made the campy elements seem cheap and cheesy.
GOOD Maximum visceral impact is what this film is all about -- and it delivers.
GOOD Best slapstick seen in a horror flick. If Charlie Chaplin were alive today and into terror, he'd be directing this movie. Okay, maybe not -- but at least he wouldn't be dead.
GOOD Evil Dead 2 is a grade-A masterpiece of morbid mayhem. Find me a horror geek who doesn't agree and I'll take a chainsaw to a body part of your choice.
FAIR Full-on gore slapstick, more Tex Avery than Dario Argento.
GOOD A marvel for its invention and fury.
GOOD Horror sequels don't come any bigger or better!
GOOD More a rethinking than a sequel and the best of the series.
GOOD It will change your life in deep and meaningful ways.
GOOD The kegs of jet-propelled blood alone make this an absolute must-see for any fan of the genre... not to mention any self-respecting moviegoer.
FAIR A remake of "Evil Dead" for everyone to laugh at.
GOOD Who's the white square-jawed hick, with a chainsaw hand and a big Boomstick? ASH! (you're daaaamn right!)
GOOD Will forever define the careers of Raimi and Campbell, no matter what else they do, and they should be proud.
GOOD Evil Dead II is a great combo of knockout comedy and spooky chills.
GOOD This is even better than the last film.
GOOD Some call it a remake and some call it a sequel of the cult hit Evil Dead, I call it it's superior.
GOOD One of the most visually inventive, relentless, and truly original films ever made
FAIR Outrageous, out-of-control mayhem.
FAIR If you know it's all special effects, and if you've seen a lot of other movies and have a sense of humor, you might have a great time at Evil Dead 2.
GOOD Great suspense thriller.
GOOD Once you see it, you'll have an enthusiastic new response when people ask you "Hmm, what's a good horror movie I've never seen?"
FAIR A Sam Raimi wannabe that doesn't always strike the right balance of humor to thrills, but comes close
FAIR Gets off to a great, scary start, but then turns silly and comical, breaking the film's tone of dread.
FAIR Though this slight but agreeable nail-biter loses a couple steps before its wrap-up, it's not before offering one of the funniest variations yet on the furious neighbor who wonders what's going on in the upstairs apartment.
FAIR a fair first effort
GOOD Even now, it's distinctly unnerving.
GOOD groundbreaking and ahead of its time
GOOD The shower sequence, the shrieking score, Anthony Perkins, that twist ending... Psycho remains a stone-cold classic.
GOOD It's not hardly Hitchcock at his most flawless, but not a single film he ever made... is so absolutely flattening as a total experience.
GOOD Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho set the standard and post-modern horror has been hobbling to catch up ever since.
GOOD Horror masterpiece definitely isn't for young kids.
GOOD ...lives up to its reputation as one of the most entertaining and suspenseful horror films of all time...
GOOD Hitchcock's manipulative classic of "pure cinema" does have a heart that pumps human blood, in its sublime parlor scene between Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh.
GOOD The best that can be said is there are bats in the belfry and a well-preserved corpse in the basement. What else can one do but scream?
GOOD Masterful suspense and horror from one of the greats.
GOOD It's a darkly amusing, manipulative film that's still compelling in its vision of human desperation.
GOOD Always worth another look, especially on the big screen.
GOOD Look into Janet Leigh's eye after the shower scene and be amazed how fresh this black-and-white ghoulish chic seems in the saccharine surroundings of modern cinema.
GOOD It blazed a bloody trail for the much-loved slasher cycle, but it also assured us that a B-movie could be A-grade in quality and innovation.
GOOD I'd wager there aren't any films that have been more analyzed than Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.
GOOD The music, the setting, the shower scene, the mother in the cellar... everything about this iconic film has passed into cinema history.
GOOD You can bet that everyone who's ever seen it immediately feels their heart start to pound when they're in the shower and hear someone enter the bathroom.
GOOD One of the Greek Gods of the horror genre
GOOD The prolific, adventurous Hitchcock, who never tired of experimenting with his camera and tone, is at his best in Psycho.
GOOD Certainly Hitchcock's most popular, and with good reason.
GOOD one of the greatest
GOOD One of the greatest horror films ever made.
GOOD Classic Hitchcock built on two key scenes and one brilliant performance.
GOOD With his toothpick build and childish voice, Bates appears to be little more than a shy coward, making the revelation of his psychotic nature shocking.
GOOD A classic. You kinda wish the final reveal were a bit more subtle, but it always works.
GOOD It's marvelous. Pioneered so many bits of the genre that it's lost without the proper context.
GOOD The original slasher movie.
GOOD ...more than the great granddaddy of all slasher films; it is a great thriller, a great black comedy, and a lesson in filmmaking.
GOOD I understand that the gods of film will rain fire down upon my head when I say this, but I didn't think Psycho was as good as it was supposed to be.
GOOD Gripping and irrevocably gruesome fare played to perfection by a top notch cast.
BAD There are lots of slasher movies better than this.
GOOD It is a horror film, but it's a Tim Burton horror film. Make no mistake about that.
BAD Burton piles on the artistic gore for this rendition. He just forgets to add the terror.
GOOD The quirks of this Sleepy Hollow prevent it from ever being truly scary, but what they do make it is a quintessentially Burton film.
FAIR A film which looks great but, in the end, is not the sum of its body parts.
FAIR often feels akin to the Hammer horror movies made in England during the 1950s and 1960s, the spooky/gory spectacles that broke new ground in presenting on-screen violence.
FAIR The Burton trademark special effects are typically fun, but the late release and lackluster performances make Sleepy Hollow feel exactly like its title: sleepy and hollow.
FAIR Gorgeous to watch, but lacking in a sound emotional core.
GOOD A spooky gothic horror tale with first-rate production design.
FAIR Even though Sleepy Hollow takes hair-raising liberties with the great Washington Irving story on which it is based, it is nonetheless a ripping good ghost story.
FAIR It's really too bad the script stinks.
BAD Sleepy Hollow has an aesthetic that seems based on album covers. It doesn't feel like the work of an artist in any way.
FAIR Not devilishly funny enough to be a black comedy, not remotely scary enough to be an effective thriller, and too deficient in chemistry to be any kind of a romance.
GOOD Even when the narrative stalls from too many detours and decapitations, Sleepy Hollow is gorgeous filmmaking that brims over with fun-house thrills and ravishing romance.
FAIR The pace and tension are both kept up throughout the film, aided and abetted by Danny Elfman's dramatic score and the remarkable visuals.
BAD As heroic failures go, it's up there with the best.
GOOD Pretty cool flick.
FAIR History will recognize the rich imagination and secret tenderness of Burton's best films.
GOOD Danny Elfman's music is haunting and jaggedly elegiac, the perfect underpinning to the movie's look.
GOOD The best-looking horror film since Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula.
FAIR The story carefully sets up the question of rationality versus superstitious spirituality.
GOOD Just enjoy Sleepy Hollow for the gothic delight that it is.
FAIR Burton wins us over with the bravura of the film's rich atmosphere and nightmarish imagery.
FAIR Very stylistic, exciting and entertaining, Tim Burton weaves an entirely new spin on the Washington Irving classic.
FAIR The latest magnum horror opus from the mixed-up mind of Tim Burton is an fx feast for the eyes, but leaves a hollow spot in the spiritual soul.
FAIR Visually astonishing.
GOOD The offbeat crannies of Tim Burton's mind are worth visiting, and he knows how to take us into them.
GOOD Depp is as good here as he was in Ed Wood and Donnie Brasco, which means the movie has a lot more going for it than special effects, as sizzling as they are.
FAIR Burton's film is black and vermilion eye candy for spooky kids everywhere, a goth-tart for the masses.
FAIR Mediocre plot or not...this is not an ordinary run of the mill day at the chop shop!
BAD It replaces the fascinating context of Freddie Krueger's existence with a seemingly endless exercise in violence and unrelenting pain.
BAD The real nightmare is the tragic lack of creativity in this new look of one of the genre's greatest characters.
BAD I still like the characters from the first film, and these kids were cardboard shadows of them.
BAD This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of cliched shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.
BAD This flimsy remake is a nightmare and unworthy of your time.
FAIR Many people have already made the mistake of holding this film up to the original, expecting it to be just as good, but it just isn't. However, taken on its own, it's still an entertaining horror film and an interesting take on the material.
FAIR An homage to Craven's vision that is believably earnest in execution and completely faithful in spirit.
FAIR Mara and Gallner make an attractive couple on the lam and Haley, as Freddy Krueger, hams it up to an almost alarming degree.
BAD For fans of the Nightmare franchise, and slasher films in general, the new version does exactly what you want and not much more.
BAD This is even less inspired and imaginative than the Friday The 13th reboot and makes Rob Zombie's Halloween films feel like the work of an auteur.
BAD For a film about the dangers of falling asleep it tried damn hard to make the audience nod off.
BAD Like many horror fans, I approached viewing the recent remake of the post-slasher classic with extremely low expectations. Not low enough, though!
BAD ...it has nothing new to say and works with an original that didn't need remaking.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Haley just ain't no Englund, no matter how much he tries.
BAD In this outing, however, Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer's screenplay pulls no punches about Freddy's vicious sadism and paedophilia and, seriously, there's no fun in that.
BAD Lo%u0161e odra%u0111ena indigo-kopija originala, od strane ne ba%u0161 iskusnog videospota%u0161a Samuela Bayera
BAD An expectedly worthless horror-movie remake from Michael Bay's production company...
BAD Compared to the flamboyance of Robert Englund in the 1980s, Jackie Earle Haley as the crazed Freddy Krueger is more lumbering man-child than demonic daddy.
BAD This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
BAD Only a NIGHTMARE for fans of the franchise.
BAD Is there any movie franchise that cries out less for revisiting than A Nightmare on Elm Street?
BAD It's not a good film, but if you're feeling jaded and just want to watch a demonic killer pound his fist through the chest of some hapless, cardboard teenager, then this might just scratch that itch.
BAD Do not, let me repeat that, DO NOT, watch the new A Nightmare on Elm Street.
BAD It's the Bay touch you feel in the way actors register as body count, characters go undeveloped, and sensation trumps feeling. A nightmare, indeed.
BAD its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?
BAD To call the film patterned to fit would be a blazing understatement.
BAD A recurring Nightmare.
BAD It's all efficiently done and gory but director Samuel Bayer adds so little to the old familiar scare story that you wonder why they didn't just save a bob or two and reissue the Robert Englund original.
BAD Though no worse than the raft of terrible Elm Street sequels, this remake misses some of the surreal and anarchic low-budget energy Craven brought to his film (not to mention Johnny Depp).
BAD The nightmare on Elm Street is not how scary (or not) the film is, but how it destroys the franchise.
BAD Photocopies much of Wes Craven's original 1984 classic, but makes senseless changes that destroy the story's night-terror integrity.
BAD Caso existisse, Freddy Krueger poderia usar este filme como um otimo recurso para levar suas vitimas ao sono.
BAD The bottom line is that it isn't just Elm Street that's affected; you'll find a nightmare on any street that's housing a theater with the misfortune to be playing this monstrosity.
BAD We watch a bunch of twentysomething catalog-model types with last names for first names impersonate high schoolers who keep getting slashed up in their dreams.
BAD The idea that repressed or concealed knowledge of child abuse can emerge years later to traumatize victims and family members has rarely had more currency, but this slack remake is neither persuasive nor scary.
FAIR Does it matter that the plot is little more than a cynical, machine-tooled retread of the 1984 original? Debut director Samuel Bayer was not hired to dismantle the franchise but to shoot it afresh.
BAD Complete lack of imagination.
BAD Unadventurous, devoid of personality and completely lacking any semblance of imagination, Samuel Bayer's new Nightmare is a textbook exercise straight out of generic horror remakes 101.
BAD He's survived six sequels, a grudge match with Jason Voorhees and a terrible TV spin-off, but this remake may finally finish Freddy Krueger once and for all.
FAIR The many flawed details of the film are embarrassing, but the film entire suggests a cry from the heart of a crippled poet.
BAD Bela was such a bad actor...
BAD Ed Wood sucked. He didn't suck so bad he was good, he just sucked.
FAIR Even taking his nonexistent budgets into account, there's no getting around the fact that Wood was simply magnificently untalented -- albeit in a glorious way.
BAD Bad, bad, bad. Have you not yet been introduced to Ed Wood?
GOOD A strong, well above-average effort in almost every way, there's no evidence at all that Lewton's first brush with money and success dulled his instincts.
GOOD there's a fascination with the ultimate futility of ever being something beyond opportunistic and solipsistic.
GOOD The first and best of the three Val Lewton-Boris Karloff collaborations for RKO.
BAD Even though this film is taken from a modest stage play of a few seasons back, its humors are as stale and mechanical as those of the oldest such farce.
FAIR This is the most elegant and leisurely of the Val Lewton horror films, up until the whopper of an ending.
FAIR Wildly overrated, but elegantly produced horror film
GOOD an intense, disturbing and bleak drama of ecstasy and insanity, all set in a world where, if there is a God at all, it truly requires a leap of faith into the dark to grasp Him.
GOOD A convincing portrayal of a helpless soul wavering between fear and faith, and the madness of murder being perpetrated in the name of Christ.
FAIR [Huller] combines the raw physicality of Michaela's seizures with an emotional confusion as she ponders the cause of her attacks and how to react to them.
GOOD A tragic tale of teen rebellion and misplaced faith, this is a sober and sobering account of a young girl's untimely end, made enthralling by great performances and restrained direction.
FAIR Working from an economical and intelligent script by Bernd Lange , Schmid directs his first feature with the easy conviction that eluded the makers of the preposterous Emily Rose.
GOOD A naturalistic and thrillingly powerful film, with a stand-out performance from Huller at its centre.
FAIR Stage actress Sandra Huller delivers a stunning, understated performance...
GOOD The confusion and panic and everyday interactions in Requiem feel honest and true-to-life, which has nothing to do with how factual it is, or isn't.
FAIR What cannot be debated is the strength of Huller's naturalistic lead performance, a frighteninglyn intense turn that brings to mind Emily Watson's work in Breaking the Waves.
GOOD In lesser hands, Requiem would seem merely bleak, but Schmid makes a rigorously urgent and compelling film out of Michaela's odyssey.
GOOD Based on the same story as The Exorcism of Emily Rose, this is a far more accurate and ultimately much more frightening version of events, with an award-winning performance from Huller.
BAD A demonic posession movie WITHOUT special effects? Horrors!!!
GOOD Bogumil Godfrejow's raw cinematography and (Sandra) Huller's poignant, close-to-the-bone performance transform what might have been a morbid curiosity into an entirely enthralling, quietly terrifying experience.
FAIR You won't find rotating heads and vomit in the exorcism movie Requiem. Instead, German director Hans-Christian Schmid relies on a frighteningly realistic performance by Sandra Huller as blue-eyed blonde Michaela.
FAIR Like The Exorcism of Emily Rose ... Requiem is loosely based on the real-life story of a West German woman who died in 1976 after a series of failed exorcisms.
FAIR Takes the flashback sequences from Exorcism of Emily Rose, removes all the supernatural scares, and tries to keep you interested.
GOOD Just as haunting as a horror film and far more heartrending.
GOOD Progresses in a natural, unforced style that's increasingly creepy and ultimately emotionally shattering.
FAIR Huller's master class in acting is not only a portrait of a holy creature frenzied by otherworldly spirits but a voluptuous reflection of the pressures that accosted so many women of her character's age, time, and devotions.
GOOD The film is incisive about the all-too-mundane social, physical and emotional pressures exacted upon its heroine.
FAIR Sandra Hueller deservedly won an acting prize in Berlin (she could have taken home 'most conflicted character' as well).
FAIR ...never quite as compelling as Huller's performance...
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
FAIR call me crazy but i liked it
FAIR Um curioso e atipico suspense que traz Sheen em uma performance impecavelmente repulsiva e que tambem se beneficia da atuacao assustadora de Foster, que, com apenas 13 anos, ja se mostrava uma atriz completa.
FAIR Dark Skies won't totally scratch that itch for a good scare, but it's a welcome treat for those who follow the old X-Files credo, "The truth is out there".
FAIR Dark Skies unveils its horror slowly, creating a suspenseful ride that feels satisfying even though we're traveling a familiar road.
FAIR Dark Skies is a slow-burn paranormal horror film that spends way too much time on setup and not enough on reveal.
FAIR ...the film, for the most part, contains many elements that have been employed in other similarly-themed endeavors...
FAIR The movie promises fireworks--and it delivers.
BAD yet another example of horror that can't make up its mind, and as a result, can't satisfy
BAD Expectations of originality soon cloud over, leading towards the kind of quick ending at 97 minutes which kills any sign of blue sky thinking.
FAIR It's never uninteresting.
BAD A baffling bore.
BAD Zero points for originality, but interestingly messy at the same time.
FAIR There are some good ideas here, just not enough frights.
FAIR An old-fashioned scary movie; a sci-fi horror that is a workmanlike piece of film-making, with some effective shocks, cheerfully borrowing from other sources, most obviously Spielberg.
BAD If the dour home-invasion chiller Dark Skies needs one thing, it's aliens with more novel ideas.
FAIR Dark Skies is a good story, well told and one that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
FAIR A psychological thriller aiming to avoid the straitjacket of formula.
BAD Time and again, Stewart squanders the opportunity to do anything remotely interesting or worthwhile ...
BAD By parading out every tired trope from the sci-fi and horror genres, Dark Skies is unintentional self-parody, and quite dreadful indeed.
BAD Dark Skies is a watchable supernatural thriller with a handful of effectively creepy moments, but it's let down by a cliched script, a lack of imagination and a soporific lead performance from Keri Russell.
FAIR Dark Skies sustains tension by grounding most of the family's torment in reality.
BAD A protracted and tedious build up leads to a mildly unnerving pay-off in this largely uninspired horror movie.
FAIR In this doomy surburban horror the real terrors don't come from space.
FAIR ...now more than ever, terror begins at home -- especially when the evil forces are ruining expensive cuts of meat and overturning gallon jugs of milk onto the floor.
BAD Dire and unsettling, it's ultimately disappointing.
BAD Dark Skies is not only about invading aliens whose psychology is so removed from ours as to make them totally unknowable, it was apparently written by them.
FAIR Effectively unsettling, Dark Skies is a science-fiction thriller that plays like an episode of The Twilight Zone crossed with Poltergeist.
BAD Why do aliens unload the pantry and stack items in the form of an abstract art project, or make little boys wet their pants? Who knows, and who cares.
BAD Dark Skies is a drama of the fraught modern world, but Stewart doesn't tie it together. He just throws it all out there in the hope that something will stick.
FAIR What it lacks in originality, it almost makes up for with strong performances ...
BAD A really dumb movie about aliens among us - but the two kid actors are great!
BAD There's some cool plot points provided by otherwordly expert J.K. Simmons, but they quickly get lost in the shuffle of a boring movie that feels all too familiar.
BAD I can't recommend this to anyone other than hardcore extraterrestrial junkies.
BAD Despite building a tense atmosphere upon a solid premise, Dark Skies is far too unoriginal and vanilla to earn anything more than a casual dismissal.
BAD ... a bland blend of UFO procedural and the original Amityville Horror ... You can't fault Stewart for attempting a more atmospheric, Ray Bradbury approach to the genre. Too bad he, like Mrs. Barrett, is slamming his head against a sliding door.
BAD Blumhouse Productions has codified its horror template to the point that their films are the cinematic equivalent of blues ... you will hear the same 12-bar chord progression, hitting the same beats...
BAD Dark Skies is a good time but hardcore fans of horror and/or sci-fi are not likely to be satisfied with the half bits the film provides.
FAIR DARK SKIES may not be groundbreaking, but there are worse ways to spend a bargain matinee at the movies.
GOOD Halloween still remains the greatest horror film of all time.
GOOD Still relevant. Still scary. Make a date on Halloween night to witness cinema's scariest Michael Myers (unless you've seen The Love Guru) causing carnage on the big screen.
GOOD [A] simple but horribly effective low-budget suburban horror ...
GOOD Well worth another look on the big screen.
GOOD ... if there's one John Carpenter film which is a must-see, it's Halloween.
FAIR First Michael Myers slasher fest isn't for kids.
GOOD A seminal slasher that gets better with age.
GOOD To call Halloween merely brilliant isn't giving it enough credit. As a horror film and as a historical milestone that single-handedly shaped and altered the future of an entire genre, it's downright transcendent.
GOOD Virtually perfect. It is the one horror film that I would beg each and every lover of movies to watch, if I could pick only one.
GOOD John Carpenter and Debra Hill's film is a genuine landmark in the horror-thriller genre.
GOOD The movie itself is repressed; Hitchcock would have admired the way Carpenter artfully avoids explicit bloodshed.
GOOD A modern horror classic.
GOOD Regardless of how silly you think it all is, this will have you scared witless by the time the end credits roll; low budget horror hog heaven.
BAD ...the kind of fright flick in which the plodding monster has his victim in his grasp and then inexplicably stabs the couch five feet to the right of her.
GOOD Halloween brilliantly uses its widescreen frame, a lot of hand-held camerawork, and scary foreground and background action.
GOOD One of the scariest movies ever made.
GOOD Halloween is an absolutely merciless thriller, a movie so violent and scary that, yes, I would compare it to Psycho.
GOOD One of the first and the flat-out best of that ghetto of the horror film genre, the slasher movie.
GOOD Even after repeated viewings, Carpenter's minor masterpiece holds up as a staunchly effective thriller that will always stand head and shoulders above the cinematic progeny it spawned.
GOOD very possibly no other seminal seventies film--not The Godfather, not Star Wars, perhaps not even Jaws--has had a greater influence on popular culture.
GOOD A real trick and treat. Genuinely creepy stuff.
FAIR Effective little thriller, but about as far from a great classic as you can get.
GOOD Arguably, the greatest horror film of the past thirty years.
GOOD flawless for what it is: a completely immersive, visceral dynamo of stylistic belly-jiggling and spine-shivering.
GOOD Halloween remains untouched -- a modern classic of the most horrific kind.
GOOD If you've only seen it on network television or it's been more than a few years, do yourself a favour and rediscover this one soon.
GOOD Considered by many to be a modern horror classic, Halloween succeeds through simplicity.
GOOD It stars William Shatner, and it's in a made-up language. If you need to know more, this film is not for you.
GOOD a rare gem
FAIR Surprisingly well-acted, fast-paced, frequently amusing and packed with some really crazy kills near the end.
BAD it's a lot like Deep Blue Sea and The Abyss, minus the camp value and special effects, respectively
BAD C'mon, I bet it's been at least a month since you've seen a movie about ravenous sharks turned loco by the appearance of a radioactive alien space nugget from beyond Mars.
BAD Instead of sending up the current glut of serial-killer movies, the filmmakers trot out the old slasher tactics.
BAD Every convention of the old slasher film is here, including some incredibly stupid motivation, hastily sketched characters and incomprehensible plot twists.
BAD I'd say everybody associated with this film-from unrelenting series producer Moustapha Akkad on down-could do with a good checkup.
FAIR Much maligned yet quite underrated...
BAD Bogged down by ridiculous plotting involving warlocks, druids and Thorn that have no place in a movie about a villain who is supposed to be 'purely and simply evil.'
BAD The series' nadir...nothing but a delivery system for murder and half-glimpses of naked women.
BAD The film is so dark -- literally -- it's often hard to see what's going on.
BAD The revelation of the Man in Black and the film's attempt to explain the origin of Michael Myers were the only points of interest here.
FAIR A return to form for the franchise....scares aplenty
BAD Although the series has obviously run out of steam, the ending leaves the door open for Michael's return. Really, it's about time the masks were removed once and for and all.
BAD Ah, skip it.
BAD Muddled sequel redeemed in part by Pleasence.
BAD Yet another sequel no-one needed; too bad Donald Pleasance didn't stick around long enough to live it down.
BAD Thus proving, yet again, what an amazing job Carpenter did on the original.
BAD As with most horror sequels, plot and narrative development are predictable.
BAD At least we care about these characters, even if we can't always make heads or tails out of what is happening.
BAD The film's conclusion is, naturally, open-ended, to allow for Halloween 7, which will probably be subtitled Michael Myers Does a Pepsi Commercial.
BAD This sixth installment, by far the worst in the series, is bland and deadening.
BAD There isn't a floorboard that doesn't creak, a person who doesn't hesitate to go down the basement, a killing that isn't telegraphed by scary music and laughable attempts at tension.
BAD Needless to say, the gore level is high and the scare level low -- although not as low as the intelligence level.
BAD The less said about this sixth entry in the Halloween series, the better.
BAD Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
FAIR I never held The Lost World in such high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap. After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
FAIR Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
FAIR This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
FAIR Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
BAD This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
BAD Been there, done that. Now there's just more of it.
FAIR The story, it must be said, is no great shakes, although it's not half bad by action-movie standards. But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
BAD The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
GOOD Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no other goal in mind than to scare and delight the audience.
BAD Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
BAD A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
FAIR The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
FAIR Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not worry whether or not it falls short of Jurassic Park.
GOOD The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
BAD The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
BAD It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
BAD Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not enough.
FAIR Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
FAIR This was made to make money and entertain. And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
FAIR It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
BAD It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
FAIR With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
FAIR Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
GOOD Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
GOOD Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
GOOD Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
GOOD Not as good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
FAIR Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
FAIR The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
FAIR While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
FAIR This is an uneven Halloween addition, but also more ambitious than the norm.
BAD Completed the transition to full-fledged brainless slasherdom begun in Halloween 4 at at time when the brainless slasher film was at its very worst.
BAD Frustrating, confusing, loud, and offensive.
BAD I can see how the hardcore Halloween-heads can find some small nuggets of fun in this particular sequel, but in my eyes the series ended with the explosion in Halloween 2.
BAD [The film's been infused] with a run-of-the-mill slasher vibe, complete with oversexed teenagers and moronic authority figures.
BAD a step down on the quality ladder
BAD A relatively uninspired entry in the Halloween series.
BAD Weak Halloween entry. Maintains the status quo, no new developments.
FAIR A guilty pleasure...the knife's not blunt yet
FAIR A bit more refined in its details than the conventional horror movie.
BAD Filming this sequel, the ultimate revenge!
BAD for most of the running time, one wonders what is the purpose of the movie outside of rehashing old slasher cliches
