GOOD Nick Park is a genius. Enough said.
GOOD A quest for cheese has never been more gutbustingly funny.
FAIR They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but it can make for some awfully dull films. The line between inspiration and imitation is fine crossed repeatedly. Pride and Glory isn't the worst offender, just the latest.
BAD No button remains unpushed, no shred of scenery remains unshredded and no F-bomb remains unuttered.
FAIR Pride and Glory doesn't add anything to the generic crooked-cop procedural that we haven't seen with more verve in better movies.
FAIR This predictable police corruption story with an A-list cast explores themes of family and honesty as two cop brothers uncover the dirt on their brother-in-law's violent activity, while senior cop Dad tries to keep things under control.
FAIR Uma pena que o filme jamais consiga escapar realmente do lugar comum, implodindo de vez em seu terrivel terceiro ato.
BAD Hard to watch, hard to listen to and hard to follow.
BAD The actors in Pride and Glory do their best with this cliched material, but the film is so grim, ugly and miserable that it's difficult to sympathise with even the most positive characters.
FAIR Director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor is the son of a former New York policeman, and displays a strong grasp of the familial and fraternal ties that bind his characters together.
FAIR While its kinetic appeal does have a numbing - if temporary effect - on your critical faculties, television has been much more successful in claiming this territory as its own.
BAD Relentlessly dour, filled with unsympathetic characters, and made out of cardboard melodrama. It's the last of those sins that is unforgivable. [Blu-ray]
BAD ...only skims the surface of its characters and offers nothing new in the way of corrupt law enforcement.
FAIR Elevated by superb performances, led by Edward Norton and a very chilling Colin Farrell.
BAD What's especially lamentable is that this movie strands yet another exemplary turn by Edward Norton, who once again is superior to the material surrounding him.
BAD Pride and Glory is a bleak, boring and hopelessly familiar corrupt cop story that simply does not work despite the determined, top-of-their-game efforts of O'Connor and Norton, not to mention Colin Farrell, Jon Voight and others.
FAIR A well-acted and tightly structured piece that would be more impactful if there weren't a feeling that we've seen it before.
BAD Bloody, violent and increasingly derivative, 'Pride and Glory' betrays its initial promise as a small-scale, 'Godfather'-esque social tapestry with crude plotting, variable acting and an all-too-guessable storyline and conclusion.
BAD Solid yet unremarkable, Pride And Glory will never win points for originality. With committed turns from Norton and Farrell, it does enough - just - to keep you interested. But this is one film that neither covers itself in pride or glory.
BAD A detonation of flatulent, macho-sentimental gibberish is what this ugly and violent film positively farts out of the screen at you.
BAD But, hackneyed, unconvincing and ultimately preposterous, Pride and Glory should be made to hand in its badge.
GOOD It doesn't quite pack the wallop that O'Connor intended, a daft fight near the end may evoke laughs and it probably won't be storming the Academy, but don't be shocked if you enjoy this as much as Marty's Oscar victor.
BAD Here's an excruciatingly dated and derivative New York cop movie.
FAIR After similar but much better fare such as Martin Scorsese's The Departed and The Wire TV series, we've come to expect an awful lot from our bent copper dramas and, while satisfactory, Pride And Glory just isn't in the same league.
BAD When Noah Emmerich, who plays Tierney's NYPD brother, said "this s*** ends now", the Sneak thought "glory be" - only for the story to drag on for another 20 minutes.
FAIR This bad-apple cop drama is the kind of movie that Sidney Lumet used to make in the Seventies and Eighties, and it hasn't evolved a great deal since.
BAD However skilful Gavin O'Connor is as a film-maker - and there are some striking sequences here - we've seen this corrupt cop thriller a hundred times before.
FAIR Watchable cop thriller with strong performances and suitably gritty direction, but the climax gets bogged down in some embarrassingly awful cliches.
BAD If cop movie cliches are a crime against cinema, Pride and Glory should be under arrest.
BAD Christmas is definitely cancelled in this over-acted, over-here movie. Presumably the tinsel was CGI'd in to complement the season of its release.
BAD passionate performances in a story that is a series of letter-perfect cliches
GOOD A dramatic, tense story of mixed loyalties in an NYPD family with standout performances by Norton, Farrell, Voight, Emmerich, and Ehle.
GOOD Relentlessly grim, appropriately abrasive and beautifully filmed, "Pride and Glory" recalls Sidney Lumet's heyday. It proves there's still meat left on the bones of bad-cop thrillers, but it wisely doesn't offer a Handi-Wipe after its final course.
BAD It's a tale you've seen a good 100 times before, and if only 85 of those 100 are actually better than Pride and Glory, the other 15 aren't any worse.
FAIR I'm not sure how many times the F bomb gets dropped, but it's more than you'll hear it in the average R-rated drama.
BAD Pride and Glory: Cops arrested by cliches.
FAIR Run of the mill cop drama elevated only by the acting of the supporting cast - Jennifer Ehle is heartbreaking
BAD Norton and Farrell are both too good to have been shortchanged by this been-there-done-that script.
FAIR That noise you hear is the soundtrack of We Own the Night, which is playing next door in the multiplex of your memory. Yes, there are undeniable similarities between the two pictures.
FAIR Sing carols to your babies instead.
GOOD Thrilling, touching adventure for animal lovers.
GOOD A lovely and unjustly forgotten family film.
FAIR Somehow makes the story of orphaned geese entertaining.
GOOD Story of a girl and her geese is complex entertainment for kids and grown-ups.
GOOD From bumbling infants to majestic adults, a flock hasn't been this charismatic onscreen since Hitchcock went bird-watching.
GOOD It's a genuine delight and a definite thumbs aloft for kids of about six upwards.
FAIR Beautiful looking and well acted, but lacking in the kind of tension that marks a well-told tale.
GOOD This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp.
BAD Nine-year-old kids may sit through it and have fun, but nine-year-olds would also eat french fries 23 hours a day if their parents didn't force them to try something more nutritious.
GOOD Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
GOOD The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
GOOD One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
GOOD This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
GOOD The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
GOOD MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
GOOD The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
GOOD Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
GOOD Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
GOOD The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
GOOD This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
GOOD It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
GOOD Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
GOOD A head trip of a family film.
GOOD The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
GOOD It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
GOOD If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
GOOD One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
GOOD The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
GOOD The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
GOOD This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
GOOD I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
BAD Cute but uneven. Best for dog lovers.
FAIR If you've followed the previous Shiloh films, then you'll be satisfied, if not overjoyed, by this final chapter.
BAD If you are new to the series, I would suggest your starting with the original Shiloh, so far, the best in show.
BAD Offers exactly what you've come to expect from the series: Bland but wholly innocuous family entertainment featuring a cute kid and an even cuter dog.
FAIR Wilson ... makes this film, via grit of detail, a bit more than a Hallmark Special Retro Disney Walton sermon in values.
BAD Boring as porridge.
BAD An OK kids movie passing through on the way to video.
BAD You won't find the pragmatic intelligence of Naylor's original stories here, but even cynics may be touched by the film's remarkably wholesome lessons about friendship, family and forgiveness.
GOOD It's a family film that deals with real problems and teaches real values, and yet is exciting and entertaining.
BAD If Sandy Tung's film had flavor, it might taste like a week-old bagel.
FAIR Saving Shiloh is touching, intelligent and admirably thoughtful.
BAD ... has more respect for the intelligence of the title dog than its audience.
BAD Two major issues here: The boy, Marty (Jason Dolley), is a patronizing do-gooder, and the dog, a beagle-looking fella, doesn't do much that's special.
FAIR On its own merits, has some very fine cinematic flourishes... if we can but manage the herculean feat of separating it from the older movie.
BAD 1985 sequel to American classic is tin-eared and creepy.
FAIR Best to see them as individual films with nothing in common apart from source material, one a classic, the other a strong enough picaresque amongst some decent fabulation.
FAIR There are some fine, Oscar-nominated special effects, but the excitement just isn't there.
GOOD A forgotten classic.
FAIR I can see why the Judy Garland fans might not appreciate this weird little adaptation, but it's actually pretty good!
BAD Director Walter Murch tries to infuse the story with the inventiveness and adventure of the Star Wars saga, but the results are disappointing.
GOOD Faithfully brings the Oz books to life. A classic.
BAD The work of ingenious technicians who seem either not to know what gave the original film its magic, or not to care.
FAIR Return to Oz is hardly as kid-friendly as The Wizard of Oz, but older children with a taste for the fantastic will find it interesting. Adult Oz fans will find it entertaining as well.
BAD Should've stuck to that yellow brick road
FAIR An underrated little romp, surprisingly faithful to L. Frank Baum's atmosphere... though obviously it's all overshadowed by that other Oz flick.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not too bad.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co. fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never indulged at the expense of the plot, which flies off in genuinely unexpected directions, culminating in a boundlessly inventive funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't see how anyone who enjoys their animated movies won't enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something. He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny. This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids! Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't feel produced; it feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
GOOD A polarizing, but classic piece of children's entertainment filled with whimsy, horror, comedy and imagination.
GOOD This is Gene Wilder's legacy. He was perfect for the role, and it was his mixture of childlike wonder and bitter, deserved vengeance that made the character so compelling.
GOOD Pure, sweet imagination for both kids and adults.
BAD The passages in the mysterious factory, which should be Charlie's and our release from the oppression of the earlier scenes, are just as ugly as everything that's come before, so there's no contrast.
GOOD ...filled with good humor, good acting, and good songs...and it's just off kilter enough to keep everyone's attention.
GOOD Ainda que um ou outro numero musical comprometa o ritmo, o clima de fantasia e a atuacao calorosa de Wilder conquistam o espectador.
GOOD The movie bursts with creativity, deep thought and comedy.
GOOD Probably Gene Wilder's finest, most manic hour.
GOOD Weird and wonderful
GOOD Just a frolicking Wonka visionary schnozberry flavored delight!
FAIR It has a huge following, though I've never understood why.
FAIR If "creepy" can be an asset, then this is the best kind of creepy you'll ever find.
GOOD A timeless family film that will continue to endure as long as people love chocolate.
GOOD The original feel good film from 1971, is back in a special new DVD edition for its thirtieth anniversary with some great special features.
GOOD Brings joy to adult and child alike.
FAIR The zany factory's imaginative gimmicks, and that vivid color scheme, will keep even the youngest kids alert.
FAIR OK slapstick in the "Home Alone" vein
BAD Hey, at least the baby wasn't talking.
FAIR Tot-sized laughs
BAD For the seven people out there who hoped for a movie stupider than "Home Alone 2."
BAD A shockingly crass grab for holiday pocket money that's both infantile and endlessly patronising.
BAD A re-hash of tired cliches and CGI effects.
BAD That the lead character is a 'male cow' complete with udders shows how confused the picture is.
FAIR A beatifully animated simple but fun plot, carries enough giggles for all age groups.
BAD The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.
BAD Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
BAD This could be the film that snaps everyone's patience with Hollywood animations which have a Dell computer chip where their heart should be.
BAD There are far better ways of keeping the kids happy.
FAIR Good voice talent and some funny moments.
BAD It's impossible to shake the impression that Barnyard was written by idiots. Why else would the male cows have udders?
BAD The design is uninteresting, the characters are bland and the story is terrible.
BAD Strictly for kids, and, as the three or four people who saw Oedekerk's previous directing effort, Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, can attest, the writer/director tends to stretch even throwaway jokes minutes past the punch line.
FAIR Ben the Cow (the voice of Sam Elliott) has to teach his carefree son Otis (Kevin James) the responsibility of leadership over the farm animals. This is far from Otis' mind, but inevitable. Barnyard is a farm version of The Lion King with eno
FAIR There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here. Barnyard may not be all that exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.
BAD Not good enough for even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should be burned for fear of mad cow disease
BAD Barnyard doesn't know if it wants to be another tiresomely 'hip' piece of post-Shrek postmodernism or a comfortably traditional kids' movie that delivers family values without the self-conscious smirk.
BAD Could cause more gender confusion than 'Transamerica.'
FAIR All the cows have udders - even the male ones. In real life, only female cows have udders. What kind of sick, alternate cow universe does this movie take place in anyway?
BAD Barnyard is a one-note premise that falls flat after about 10 minutes.
BAD "Barnyard" doesn't stink. But it's not the cream of the crop, either.
BAD The funniest joke is the one nobody talks about: the gender confusion of male cows with udders.
BAD Barnyard isn't a complete waste of time, it's just too familiar.
BAD A Lion King clone that's tailored to the Fisher-Price crowd.
BAD With shamefully obvious nods to the father/son sentimentality of traditional Disney 'toons and even an awkward love interest, Barnyard is a mishmash of modern cartoon cliches.
BAD With 'Barnyard,' the androgynous udders, as annoying as they can be, are about the only original thing to be found in the whole movie.
BAD never really amazing enough to separate it from the rest of the herd of great animation that we've seen this summer.
BAD [W]hy do the male cows have udders?.. This isn't supposed to be the animated version of TransAmerica.
BAD doesn't just violate the audience's right to entertainment, it violates animal dignity to such an extent that PETA might want to consider getting involved
BAD The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
BAD Lesbian Cows!!! Lesbian COWS!!!! Carnivorous LESBIAN COWS!!!! Aarg!
BAD There's barely enough of a story to sustain a short film, much less a feature.
BAD Forget the confusion of the he-cows that populate the film; the real problem is that Barnyard is just a lousy, lousy movie.
BAD Udderly ordinary.
BAD Nearly every joke lays an egg.
BAD your kid won't learn anything from Barnyard, but they might need 10 years of therapy after viewing the movie's fight scenes and COYOTES ATTACKING THE FARM.
BAD Laughter comes from the movie's absurdity, not its comedy.
BAD Other than confusing children, it's hard to know what the inane, tedious, mean-spirited Barnyard is trying to do.
FAIR The value of a film like Space Buddies... is whether you can watch it and enjoy it with your kids. And the answer to this question is a resounding yes.
FAIR One small step for dogkind, one cute adventure for kids.
BAD There's zero tension in Bishop Young's story, as every crisis on his path is easily solved with a gentle montage of scriptural consultation and hugs all around.
BAD Comic mayhem, potty humor in amateurish dog comedy.
BAD The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view. It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
BAD The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
BAD I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
BAD No matter that the film felt lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
BAD There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
BAD For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
BAD A dog's breakfast.
BAD The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
BAD This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
BAD Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
BAD It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
BAD Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
BAD Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
BAD If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
BAD Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
BAD Not even an exceedingly cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
BAD The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
BAD The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
FAIR For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
BAD The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
BAD Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
BAD Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
BAD A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
BAD Why wait so long for a sequel? It's not like the writers spent nine years polishing the script to perfection. (Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
BAD Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
BAD You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all. Nothing new here.
BAD Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
BAD Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
BAD A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
FAIR Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
BAD even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take is intrinsically funny
BAD A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
BAD Why isn't there a group that protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs? Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
BAD This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it. Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
BAD Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
BAD A watchable made-for-video feature...
FAIR One of the few good Scooby Doo animated movies...
FAIR Genuinely creepy Scooby outing.
GOOD Wet yourself funny. Just priceless.
GOOD An irresistable charmer.
BAD Whipping up the energy to dislike it seems entirely disproportionate to how trivial and disposable the product is.
FAIR Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
BAD You may be surprised at how not torturous [the film is].
BAD The sequel's a caricatured and cliched yawner. And the tone is all wrong.
BAD The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't be seeing any more of them. Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
FAIR There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
BAD The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
FAIR It's harmless, albeit cliche riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't make grown-ups wish they had two hours of their life back.
BAD The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
BAD There's no way your own children deserve something as lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
BAD Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
BAD This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
BAD In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
BAD Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
BAD Creepy and predictable.
BAD The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
BAD As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy. But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
BAD ...isn't all bad - but it isn't all good either.
BAD I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
BAD Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
BAD This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
FAIR entertaining, but not enough to make you want to root for the characters
BAD A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the original outside of the title character.
BAD Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't get it unless everything was laid out on a plate.
BAD A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
FAIR Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
BAD Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
BAD The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't win many new fans.
BAD Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
BAD Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
BAD Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
FAIR With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
GOOD As ingenious and lively as the original film.
BAD They are evil and they must be stopped. They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
FAIR A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
BAD After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can be found.
BAD Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
BAD This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
GOOD Van Dyke's energy is prodigious (especially when he leaps around with a gang of sooty chimney-sweeps on the London rooftops) and the songs are classics.
GOOD Van Dyke (exaggerated Cockney accent and all) and Andrews have great chemistry together, but it's really her interaction with the children and the magic of the story and the visual effects that charm audiences.
GOOD One of the great movie musicals and of that rare breed of deathless family entertainment that's guaranteed to transfix children, well beyond this, its fiftieth anniversary. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Whether the movie's message is Travers-approved or not, the emphasis on joy and empathy proves heartening, even today.
FAIR The entire set was constructed indoors and it shows: the "outdoor" scenes are bathed in a dull gray light
GOOD World's coolest nanny celebrates family and fun.
GOOD One of the best films ever produced by Disney, indeed one of the best American films of the 1960s... a fantasy of the most delicate touch and charming disposition.
FAIR With all the subtlety of Battleship Potemkin, a queue full of sour-faced old school nannies is shown blowing away into thin air to make way for the embodiment of modern female assertiveness.
GOOD Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.
GOOD One of the greatest children's films ever.
GOOD One of Disney's greats.
GOOD Practically perfect in every way.
FAIR Classic Disney at his most lavish.
GOOD At her most startlingly beautiful here, Julie Andrews does not play the chipper, loving nanny people might expect or remember. She carefully layers a distantly dangerous and even spooky side to her character.
GOOD Mary Poppins is definitely worth popping for. (40th Anniversary Edition)
GOOD The message is clear: Everyone should take care of their jobs and responsibilities, but have fun as well.
GOOD Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.
GOOD Sophisticated yet wide open to its audience, with exciting dance sequences and inviting performances.
GOOD A lot of fun -- for kids and adults, alike.
FAIR Mixed bag of great sequences and cutesy overkill.
GOOD There are few things in this world as sublime as watching Dick Van Dyke dance with penguins.
FAIR A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.
GOOD Classic Disney musical
GOOD Effortlessly charming. It's a true family classic.
GOOD Disney had done a magnificent job of adapting the PL Travers character to the screen, using cinematic effects to the full in creating an enchanting story.
FAIR A fairly desperate attempt to create a plot where there's no room for one.
BAD A typically low-rent direct-to-video Disney sequel...
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not like Treasure Island when you see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens. For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
FAIR Has no small amount of merit, especially in the areas of production and costume design, but... [not] in any meaningful way a successful or even appropriate follow-up.
GOOD Carries its predecessor's torch into darker, quixotic territories, bursting at the seams with folkloric witticism and hellzapoppin' imagery.
BAD Darker than the original, not for very young kids.
GOOD An amazing accomplishment. George Miller brings the same approach to this sequel as he did with the Mad Max trilogy: Don't re-make, re-invent. A work of genius.
FAIR ...Paints a bleak picture of humanity. Not to mention, shall we say, animality.
FAIR Babe needed a sequel as much as Citizen Kane or Casablanca.
GOOD Where Babe was warm, gentle, and cuddly, Pig in the City is fast paced and antic.
BAD It's a nice change of pace to find a sequel that doesn't merely try to remake the original, but Babe: Pig in the City lacks any of the original's endearing gentle spirit.
BAD This dark sequel to the 1995 hit has virtually none of the bucolic charm displayed in the original.
BAD This film may scar impressionable children for life!
BAD It may not be as fresh as its predecessor, it still begs a look-see. As the year winds down, this is one fine holiday ham that should be savored, not skinned.
FAIR Universal should have left well enough alone, heeding the immortal closing words of Farmer Hoggett in the original.
BAD Babe: Pig in the City is mostly a joyless sequel to the joyful original.
FAIR Sequel isn't quite hog heaven, but it's meaty enough.
GOOD ...a completely new experience for the audience and the film's characters, and virtually, one of the best sequels that has ever come along in the past decade.
GOOD More magical than the original!
GOOD A likable attempt at a teen-girl variation on a Huck Finn-style adventure.
BAD Dig if you must, but this is fool's gold.
GOOD Burton and his collaborators present a movie musical that's like nothing you've ever seen.
FAIR Visually a macabre knockout, this 75-minute fantasy boasts some of the wittiest, most vigorous stop-motion animation effects in the history of the process.
FAIR Disney's sophisticated stop-motion animation (an advanced version of techniques used to create Gumby) creates a truly breathtaking visual landscape.
GOOD Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas has a grotesque charm, a pie-eyed magic.
FAIR Macabre and astonishing.
GOOD So Burton-esque is this world that it remains baffling that he didn't direct, megaphone duties instead falling to Henry Selick.
GOOD Only the deliciously demented imagination of Edward Scissorhands director Tim Burton could have come up with such a dark vision of the holiday season.
GOOD In the 13 years since it was released to a predictably puzzled family audience, Tim Burton's macabre stop motion musical has wound its way through cult affection (and survived mall-Goth appropriation) to earn its rightful place as a genuine classic.
GOOD Tim Burton magic with just a touch of scariness.
GOOD ...endlessly delightful, even as it deals in icky bugs and severed limbs.
GOOD A work of grand visual wit, clever songs, funny gags and genuine pathos, it is perhaps the greatest stop-motion animated film ever, a painstaking style of model animation that computers have all but completely done away with.
GOOD O tom divertidamente sombrio da narrative, associado a uma direcao de arte magnifica e a otima trilha de Elfman, acaba resultando num conto de fadas que deve tanto aos Grimm quanto ao Expressionismo Alemao.
GOOD inspiring, wacky, and infused with Burton's unique romanticism suffused with, but not subsumed by, a gothic sensibility
GOOD A twisted revamp of Rankin-Bass by way of Edward Gorey. [Blu-ray]
GOOD a brilliant feat of movie making
GOOD This hugely entertaining horror fable for all the family might suffer from pacing problems, but it's also a true original that still stands out from today's CGI-heavy crowd.
GOOD The result, though refreshingly different from mainstream animated fare, is ultimately more trick than treat.
GOOD The characters are vivid and often hilariously revolting.... Visually, the film is absolutely gorgeous.
GOOD The hippest of all holiday classics, the 1993 release rendered anew in 3-D format remains a postmodern three-ring circus of morbid humor, eye-popping puppet animation and show-stopping songs.
GOOD Is it cooler than ever in 3-D? Well, sure. But essentially, it's the same movie that drew Tim Burton fans into theaters in 1993.
GOOD Concise, elegant, a tad scary, this is a treat for Halloween.
GOOD Burton's skewed vision is seamlessly realized by director Henry Selick and cleverly enhanced by Danny Elfman's songs.
FAIR The story of Jack Skellington, the Pumpkin King... is like Jack himself -- spindly and thin, but with a resounding voice.
GOOD feels like it should have always been in 3-D.
FAIR The Nightmare Before Christmas is a veritable bounty of visual delights.
GOOD Watching something like this on the big screen is always better than seeing it on DVD. Period.
BAD A silly, forgettable comedy...
BAD If you weren't a kid when you first saw Space Jam, you're a lot less likely to find it palatable. [Blu-ray]
FAIR Live-action/animation mix is good fun for kids.
BAD A cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Warner Bros. cartoon characters and basketball player Michael Jordan, inspired by a Nike commercial.
FAIR Space Jam isn't exactly a slam dunk. It's more of a graceful tip-in by Michael Jordan, with a snazzy assist by Bugs Bunny.
FAIR Succeeds in reintroducing the Looney Tunes name, but fails to capture the imagination and sharpness that defined them originally.
BAD Space Jam is harmless kiddie fare, but it may not be every adult's idea of a good time.
BAD This film was made very quickly by animation standards, and the haste shows.
BAD It's a good effort, but not up to the level of the best Disney cartoon feature.
BAD An empty, soulless corporate product, designed for one purpose: to separate us from our wallets.
FAIR Technical spectacle amounts do nothing without a good story.
FAIR A splendid mish-mash of comedy and live-action.
FAIR This movie has all the wit of the original Warner Brothers Cartoons, and a few updated jabs at modern society.
BAD Pitiful live-action/animation mix proves only that MJ can't act and that Coca Cola can peddle its advertising to children in the form of a 90-minute sham.
BAD It's the first time either Jordan or Bugs has had a starring role on the big screen. It's gimmicky Saturday-morning cartoon wackiness in your face -- funny, but brain-deadening.
BAD O erro mais grave dos roteiristas foi confundir a identidade do verdadeiro astro do filme: a historia deveria girar em torno de Pernalonga, e nao de Michael Jordan.
BAD The negatives in this film far outweigh any of the positives.
FAIR Space Jam is no Who Framed Roger Rabbit, but it works well enough.
BAD How sad that a brilliant comic creation like Bugs Bunny has to ride shotgun with a wooden basketball star, all to provide a set of collector's cups.
FAIR What delights is the interaction between Jordan and our favorite cartoon characters. Appearances by Larry Bird and Bill Murray add nice touches, too.
GOOD First-rate popcorn movie: undemanding, entertaining and thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR I think the show is good fun, and I believe your family will too.
BAD Space Jam is, perhaps, best viewed as a 'package,' something put together by agents and dealmakers rather than filmmakers.
FAIR This movie, which could just as easily be called The Michael Jordan Worship Show, plays like a 90-minute homage to His Airness, selling his every virtue.
FAIR Why do we have to have jokes about spitting and flatulence and other vulgarisms in a movie aimed at children?
FAIR The movie's undermining flaw is its lack of screen magic (and first-rate cartoon gags) that Who Framed Roger Rabbit had throughout.
BAD No matter if you're a basketball fan, a cartoon fan, or a movie fan, Space Jam offers little that will excite you or involve you. You'd get more excitement watching a local pick-up game.
GOOD It's an inspired way to use, and kid, Jordan's image while at the same time updating Bugs Bunny & Company to doing battle in the multizillion-dollar animation sweepstakes.
GOOD Danny Boyle's only great film featuring "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" is an urbane, thoughtful fable of Lego-bright color, vast imagination and a stout belief in meaningful displays of humanity, charity and altruism without stooping to sermons.
BAD if you're a sucker for adorable, freckle-faced kids, you may not be able to resist the infantile wiles of this movie
GOOD Sprinkled with a heady dose of magic realism, this film is lovely.
BAD Corrupted by a hideous paternalism.
GOOD In sly, sweet and frequently funny terms, Danny Boyle pleads a compelling case for the fundamental goodness of mankind.
FAIR Director Boyle continues to genre hop but Millions, a quirky comedy punctuated by unnecessary digressions, nicely fits the "childhood fantasy" bill.
GOOD Um filme que faz bem a alma e ao coracao.
GOOD I hesitate to say that this is a family film. That phrase too often conjures up, at least for adults, cutesy-poo animated features aimed squarely at the younger set.
GOOD Take your kids to see Millions and soak up one of the most wonderful British family films in years.
GOOD A subversive fable from one of the UK's most engaging filmmakers, Millions sees director Danny Boyle transform a kiddie movie into a painfully accurate portrait of British consumerism.
GOOD One of the year's most lovable and family friendly films.
FAIR ... One of the best family films in recent memory.
GOOD A modern fairy tale with imagination that dazzles kids and adult alike.
FAIR What makes Millions quirky is also what prevents it from genuinely immersing the viewer in the story.
FAIR Millions serves up enough touching emotional moments to coin its own richness, a respect for goodness in human nature.
FAIR Millions is a kids' movie that doesn't talk down to its audience.
FAIR ...Millions pulls off the neat trick of affirming that money can't buy happiness, even as it has a ball pretending that it can.
GOOD Directorially, it's exciting. Emotionally, it's engagingly warm, funny and magical -- without being gooey.
FAIR As a stylist, Boyle is something of an action painter, throwing images on the canvas of the screen and seeing what sticks.
GOOD This winning low-key British yarn is told with real creativity and succeeds by developing characters and situations in an original way.
FAIR [I]t is refreshing to consider th[e] windfall of wealth not as greed satisfied but with the innocence of a young child
GOOD Somebody forgot to tell screenwriter Frank Cotrell Boyce and director Danny Boyle that they were making a movie for kids. That's actually a good thing.
GOOD It gets you to look at cardboard boxes, bank notes and, for that matter, Danny Boyle in quite a different way.
FAIR A nice little fable, ultimately not very profound but pleasant anyway.
FAIR The picture about two motherless boys and their unexpected cash infusion is visually inventive, funny, fantastical, poignant and dark around the edges.
GOOD [A] delightfully wise and surprisingly heartwarming morality tale.
FAIR When Boyle is on, the movie is both heartfelt and joyous.
FAIR It conjugates a version of the loaves-and-fishes miracle from the Bible and, even with its flaws, turns out to be a minor miracle itself.
GOOD Cute animated movie with a message for kids.
FAIR It's a fun adventure fantasy, and I was never bored...
BAD While the animation, particularly in the action set pieces, is indeed well done, it's nothing revolutionary nor imaginative that stands out from the rest in this CG-feature-a-week marketplace.
FAIR Ten year old Lucas Nickle ( the voice of Zach Tyler Eisen) stomps an anthill after an encounter with neighborhood bullies. With the help of a magic potion, the ants shrink the boy down to their size. The insects are about to get even and Lucas will learn
FAIR The film acknowledges that faith is an important part of our social fabric, and if the film has any moral lessons to pass on, it implicitly roots them in a spiritual foundation.
GOOD Besides keeping us entertained and occasionally thrilled, there's a nice sense that the film is actually saying something.
GOOD Enjoyable, brightly animated adventure with strong characters, superb gags and a script that isn't afraid to throw in a spot of political subtext.
BAD Writer-director John A Davis has one or two nice touches, but the film is disposable.
BAD It's not that Bully bugged me. It just never managed to fly.
BAD Just another bug movie.
FAIR It all seems very workaday.
BAD As kiddie entertainment it works well, with simple humour and lots of action. But there's not a lot to appeal to any accompanying adults.
FAIR It does have a spunky pace and the clever humor Davis' team brought to the Jimmy Neutron movie and TV series.
BAD Ant Bully, though short and well voiced, is nowhere near as important or influential as it tries to make itself seem and it feels more unnecessary than anything else.
FAIR Crawling with marvelous microcosmic animation ... A family cartoon for anyone who ever smashed an ant-pile as a kid and lived to regret it.
BAD The only thing it inspired in me was a sudden urge to spray the screen with Raid.
FAIR Families should swarm to "The Ant Bully.
FAIR Since it's hot out, and worth a matinee, take the kiddies.
BAD Burdened by a distinctly "been there, done that" vibe that I can't imagine will generate much excitement, even with the kiddies.
BAD It's not a lot more than the movie that came out between last week's Monster House and next week's Barnyard.
FAIR There's quite a bit of inventiveness here, which I found myself getting caught up in, even though it was a foregone conclusion where the film was heading.
FAIR Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.
FAIR ... good family fun.
FAIR ... unnecessary ...
FAIR ... a visually inventive charmer that nimbly juggles slapstick comedy, action sequences, and coming-of-age 'life lessons' with a refreshing minimum of sap.
FAIR ... The Ant Bully is just a great ride, but all that moralizing diminishes the fun of feeling ant-sized yourself and being immersed in Lucas's incredible adventures.
FAIR The screenplay is blessedly free of mediocre songs and light on flashy pop-culture in-jokes ...
FAIR If the Ant Bully story is generic, it is never plodding. It zips along quite nicely, aided by the especially well-constructed action sequences.
FAIR [T]he movie certainly means well, and its worthwhile message (teamwork is good, selfishness is bad) should penetrate the brains of kids old enough to stay in their seats and pay attention to it.
GOOD The brilliance of The Ant Bully is in the crafty way it delves into the minds of ants as they plot to save themselves from extermination... Davis creates a marvelously labyrinthine society for them, right below the surface of a bland suburb.
FAIR The Ant Bully isn't a kid classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion until the next ant movie comes along.
FAIR Bright visuals, snappy dialogue and a smart plot make The Ant Bully a welcome summer treat.
FAIR Though the story is predictable, the message is benign, and the visuals, particularly in IMAX 3-D, are stylized and surreal.
BAD While the picture has the star power of Nicolas Cage and Julia Roberts voicing insects in love, they're not nearly as interesting a couple as Woody Allen and Sharon Stone in Antz.
BAD This generic exercise in computer-generated animation may provide passable entertainment for very young children, but adults will be less than enchanted by its preachiness, talkiness and Communist Party-line political views.
FAIR The Ant Bully does not talk down to kids or feign to talk up to their parents with pop references, though adults may be amused (or maybe not) by the Christian parallel in the ants' religion.
FAIR It would be wrong to dismiss The Ant Bully as just another bug movie.
GOOD The Ant Bully is the summer's best family movie -- funny, action-packed, sometimes disgusting, sometimes affecting.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
BAD With a plot lacking no urgency, Shrek 3 is a well-animated film containing a few standout, but ultimately throwaway sequences that don't do enough to sustain our interest.
BAD From its humble, elegant origins as a slim children's book by William Steig, Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general.
BAD Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series. It is too often sappy, tiresome, and overblown. A franchise such as Shrek, with all the money it has accumulated, should be able to buy a little freshness and originality. But instead
BAD The best thing it has going for it is its look, which is stunning.
FAIR Though the devious wit of the original remains, it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes (courtesy of Led Zeppelin, Heart and Paul McCartney) and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula.
BAD The problem with this film is that after a quick, fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film. Except this time, Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona.
GOOD Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals.
BAD To trito sequel mias ap' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation, poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto, olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei, ap' o,ti fainetai, pia eksantlithei.
FAIR Shrek the Third, which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child's play and adult humor, creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away.
BAD It's far too open in its desires (MAKING MONEY) to be hate-worthy.
FAIR The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments.
GOOD Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence.
FAIR This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and, at times, even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding.
FAIR It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after.
BAD There can't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply doesn't achieve what the first two films managed: to appeal to kids and parents as well.
GOOD From beginning to end, it's very, very funny. Watch it. It's great.
BAD It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they're still (just about) winning.
FAIR Unfortunately, a few flashes of brilliance don't stop this being a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant first two films. don't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds.
FAIR Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they've seen it all before. Which isn't quite the fairytale ending we'd all hoped for.
FAIR There's no doubt Shrek The Third will make potloads of money. Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions. When it's good it's great. Overall, though, the magic is lacking.
BAD Shrek the Third isn't awful, but it's bland, with a barrel-scraping averageness.
BAD Children may devour the slapstick, but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour.
FAIR "Ogre and out" say the critics, but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs.
BAD A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors. Time to call time, we think.
BAD Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals, which remain predictably impressive, but in the all-important gag rate. To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
FAIR Uninspired threequel, though the animation is better than ever and there's a steady stream of chuckles, even if it does lack the magic of the previous films.
FAIR Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who, believe it or not, felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons.
FAIR Great animation and good jokes.
FAIR Yo no se si habra una Shrek 4, pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversion se mantienen no me importaria en absoluto volver a visitar ese reino muy, muy lejano.
FAIR Shrek the Third is the X-Men: The Last Stand of Shrek movies: overstuffed with characters, short and fast-paced, and overdone just enough to convince some that it's time for the series to take a rest.
FAIR [Seus] valores de producao jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador. Infelizmente, o mesmo nao pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa, que empalidece em comparacao aos capitulos anteriores.
BAD What's lacking is that intangible sense of fun, of inventiveness, of ingenuity, that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends, grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see.
BAD Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't bring shame to anyone, it doesn't bring anyone any glory either.
BAD Antonio should use his Puss n' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel.
BAD Decent, but not as good as the first two films.
BAD ...odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so...
BAD Barely five minutes in, Will is already choking on an airless script and bumping desperately off its flyweight supporting players...
BAD The idea is sweet enough, recalling Africa United, but the execution is painfully amateur. Improbable, hackneyed and very dull.
BAD This superficial family drama will appeal to many Reds' fans, but it's also so twee compared with Danny Boyle's Millions (2004) that it's unlikely anybody else will want to go near.
BAD It just feels rather silly, as if it assumes such a reverent audience couldn't possibly need anything as pedestrian as believable characters or a likely plotline.
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining. Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not only did I want to go to sleep the entire time, but I wouldn't watch this movie again if you told me my life depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy! There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, especially when they're sword fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no savvy Toy Story. It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything has just enough unassuming cleverness to keep you from checking your watch while the little people in your company get wrapped up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not really bad; it's just tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't as predictable as the last. But things never do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar. ... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't want a tee shirt
FAIR don't be mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment. For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion. Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act. (Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, has the current prevailing formula nailed. Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive. Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character. And if you don't care about the characters, then everything's just a big, dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them. Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
FAIR If it was indeed Niall Heery's aim to transplant The Royal Tenenbaums to suburban Dublin, he's done an OK job - Nesbitt's even wearing Ben Stiller's tracksuit.
GOOD The story skirts tragedy on its leisurely passage from mishap to misadventure, but Gold remains the sort of picture you want to hug indulgently to a welcoming bosom.
BAD Worthy if ultimately disappointing.
FAIR Heery has an excellent cast, and he elicits some very funny performances... However, the slapstick and gags risk getting in the way of a story about love, loss and broken families.
FAIR There's a real warmth to this production, as Heery displays a real aptitude for combining a surrealistic wit, with compassion.
BAD Sadly, this Gold is anything but glittering.
BAD This bungled attempt at a Sundance-styled Irish indie comedy falls well short of even that modest mark.
FAIR On the strength of this and the upcoming The Falling, Williams is emerging as the most promising new talent to come out of Game of Thrones.
BAD Not for younger kids, despite its PG rating.
BAD How many 14-year-old girls do you know who would set up a blind date with a grown-up over the Internet? (Yeah, I found this creepy too.)
BAD Approaching Sleepover with any sort of sensitivity or intelligence is an act of extreme masochism.
BAD There's not a scene that doesn't feel as if we've been there before.
BAD Thanks to a few wacky set pieces, it's not quite as excruciating as it could have been.
BAD Generation X-ers continue to feel superior about their teen films...adding intelligence & darkness can make a generic teen romp into a rewatchable touchstone. Not Sleepover.
BAD ...Sleepover" will have you snoring in no time.
BAD 'This is excruciating,' Stacie tells Liz, which could be said about all of this charmless comedy.
BAD A less-than-average take on teen life that's been done better. This year, in fact.
BAD ...some may become rather drowsy at this Sleepover...yet another anemic manufactured teen flick...the cheesy sentiment only lasts as long as the aftertaste of a fried Twinkie
BAD With a derivative, disturbing script that encompasses almost every coarse adolescent comedy cliche and encourages outright lying and deception, it's a lame, tasteless yawn.
FAIR What begins as a simple sleepover turns into the adventure of their lives.
BAD A film aimed to entertain 7 to 12 year old girls and no one else.
BAD Not only a bad flick,but a flick with a bad message.
BAD We want stomach butterflies, but all we get are soda bubbles.
BAD It may be true that all 14-year-olds desire to be older and strive to appear so, but exploring those wishes and dreams in such a superficial, coarse and insensitive way as this movie does is neither responsible nor good entertainment for anyone of any age
BAD A cutesy souffle that'll come and go faster than you can say...now what's the local kiddie lingo?
BAD Joe Nussbaum and Elisa Bell's bland teen comedy is a real snooze.
BAD Fairly standard tween-oriented fare.
BAD Sex and the City for 9-year-olds.
FAIR Pleasantly pixilated, if mildly alarming.
BAD A good-hearted 'tween comedy hampered by uneven direction and a misguided plot twist.
BAD If you're a 13-year-old girl, you're the target audience for Sleepover ... If you're just a few years on either side of the tweeners, you can probably forget about it.
BAD If the pre-adolescents in your life don't have anything better to do than watch this movie, maybe the time has come to teach them hopscotch.
BAD If ever a movie could be charged with imperiling the morals of a minor, it's probably Sleepover.
BAD A lazy attempt to snare some preadolescent allowance money, Sleepover earns little more than a few bored yawns.
BAD There's a whole lotta stealin', lyin' and misbehavin' going on, but not a lot of genuine entertainment, or much fun.
BAD Never comes close to living up to its slight potential.
FAIR Strictly for the target audience.
BAD Another cynical attempt to separate young girls from their allowances.
FAIR Bright and funny, thanks to Elisa Bell's insightful, delightful script and the bubbly performances from the film's young stars.
BAD A how-to guide for achieving shallow and dubious goals.
BAD The film has a distinct been-there-done-that quality to it.
BAD A waste of a hard-earned allowance.
BAD This noxious alleged comedy contains few if any laughs and is so poorly edited that it appears to have been assembled by chimps working in the dark.
BAD A lame and labored comedy.
BAD The multiplexes haven't been jammed with this many repetitively single-minded portrayals of young people since the gangsta craze of the early 1990s.
BAD Sleepover reveals the sad and meaningless goals of some adolescent girls in suburban America who desperately want to be seen as winners.
BAD The real house rule for this film is: No one over the age of 14 should see this movie.
BAD Sleepover is just the latest in a string of teen flicks that suggest to the female population that the keys to happiness are popularity and a cute boyfriend.
FAIR Lil Bow Wow in family friendly fantasy.
FAIR It's formulaic stuff but done with enough gusto to entertain.
BAD There's no excuse to come within a hundred feet of a screen playing this monstrosity of a movie.
BAD There's no joke about the wretchedness that is Like Mike--except the cruel one on anyone who gets suckered into watching this crap.
FAIR A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
BAD ...Full of stereotypical characters, plot holes, and unconvincing dialogue delivered by a host of so-so actors...
FAIR Though it doesn't exactly offer any great shakes in terms of plot or character development, the film's entertaining enough to be watched by kids and adults alike.
BAD This irritatingly feeble basketball movie for kids is co-produced by the NBA, for whom it is pretty candidly designed as a giant feature-length commercial.
BAD [A] dire sports film.
BAD Basically, this deeply unimaginative film is a feature-length advertisement for the NBA, sponsored by Nike.
FAIR A fantasy fable that should keep everyone in the family entertained.
FAIR Hey, any movie that has Crispin Glover running an orphanage is good for a laugh.
FAIR A cheery, crowd-pleasing sports fantasy built around a winning performance from a very young rap star.
BAD However intoxicating young moviegoers might find Calvin's on-court success, what was needful onscreen was more of the simple humanity a story about orphans should not only have recognized but delivered.
FAIR Keep an eye on Lil Bow Wow, folks. If Like Mike is any indication, he's bound to score again.
BAD It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow.
BAD With its paint fights, motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment, it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie cliches.
BAD A featherweight kids' movie set against a heavily sponsored official NBA backdrop, John Schultz's Like Mike is superhero fantasy for sport-minded youngsters and the adults they watch TV with.
FAIR Seeing Lil Bow Wow go toe-to-toe (or, more accurately, face-to-kneecap) against the stars of the game is loads of fun.
BAD The film is typical sappy fare with 'little life lessons' being learned all over the place. It isn't the film is bad -- I, as an adult, found it just too predictable for this day and age.
FAIR [A] heart-warming, family-friendly sports movie about a kid who literally ends up in the supercharged basketball sneakers that used to belong to NBA superstar Michael Jordan.
BAD Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie: Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire but none can equal.
BAD The kiddie sports fantasy Like Mike double dribbles...Although it appears that Like Mike may be a rollicking good time in all its formulaic frenzy, the film has all the impact and subtlety of a charging foul call.
BAD Kid-friendly.
BAD Like Mike isn't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has some cute moments, funny scenes, and hits the target audience (young Bow Wow fans) - with nothing but net.
BAD ...a low rate Annie featuring some kid who can't act, only echoes of Jordan, and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school.
BAD Amiable enough, but far too cliched and steadfastly generic to be worth recommending.
FAIR It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid.
FAIR If you'd like a sweet and simple story where the final score is never in doubt, lace 'em up and head to the theater.
BAD Regrettably, Like Mike is more reminiscent of Michael Jordan's short lived baseball career than his legendary basketball one.
BAD I've seen some bad singer-turned actors, but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake.
FAIR Offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones.
BAD Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle.
BAD A harmless, if ultimately inane, fantasy-comedy vehicle for youngsta-rapper Lil' Bow Wow.
GOOD A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
GOOD As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . . and it speaks to families everywhere.
GOOD Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
GOOD Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
FAIR ...far from engrossing...
GOOD Wonderful stuff.
GOOD It re-animates the thrill, not just the nostalgia, of old-school comic books and pulp adventure.
GOOD In a word: Incredible.
GOOD A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
GOOD ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
GOOD The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio. And not just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
GOOD Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
GOOD Luckily, the genre has not submerged completely and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a solid future is within the audience's grasp.
GOOD 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine. Sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made? Yeah, well they were all wrong.
GOOD The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
GOOD [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
GOOD Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
GOOD E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
GOOD One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
GOOD Kids will love it and want to see it again and again. Adults . . . probably will too.
FAIR A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
GOOD Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
FAIR ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
FAIR Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
GOOD When it comes to animation, it doesn't get any better than this.
GOOD Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
FAIR What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
GOOD Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
GOOD Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
BAD An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
GOOD Turning 13 suits our intrepid Hogwarts students just fine in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
GOOD It's the most moving and inventive live action children's film in years (and therefore, just as magical for adults, if not more).
GOOD You could call this one Harry Potter Grows Up. At the very least, the transition from Chris Columbus to Alfonso Cuaron has helped propel J.K. Rowling's hero from childhood into the difficult teen years.
FAIR It's arguably the most fun Harry Potter film to watch: inventive, quick-moving, playful, beautiful.
GOOD Alfonso Cuaron brings a darker, edgier, scarier feel to this installment.
GOOD Given arguably the best book of the series to work from, new director Alfonso Cuaron has turned out the best film to date, too.
FAIR This is easily the best Harry Potter film yet, though a few qualifiers need to be added to that endorsement.
GOOD Fantastic, but kids are older, themes are darker.
GOOD Cuaron filigrees his film with brilliantly outsized projections of Harry's fears and underlying realities. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Potter's third year is his most inventive yet.
FAIR Regardless of its cinematic shortcomings, the Harry Potter film series still has a ton of life in it.
GOOD A menagerie of menacing and morphing computer-generated special effects make the movie worthwhile.
FAIR Cuaron has produced the most terrifying and darkly humorous movie adaptation of Rowling's stories to date, giving it a visual flair sorely missing in the previous installments.
GOOD [Director] Cuaron's imagery delights again and again
BAD What we're treated to is less a story than a series of vignettes.
BAD Two and a half hours of neck-cramping semi-entertainment.
GOOD Growing up is hard enough for us Muggles; it certainly can't be any easier for wizards and witches. This is the first Potter movie that examines this.
GOOD One of the best films so far this year and a big step up from two previous solid efforts.
FAIR Cuaron has imbued a touch of the night into Harry and rendered the series a good deal more intriguing.
FAIR The ordinariness of the magical world is a theme that runs throughout the film. Where Columbus went to great lengths to highlight every fantastical thing about this universe, Cuaron treats it matter-of-factly.
FAIR ...a good, atmospheric stepping stone in the Potter chronology, with yet something missing to make it an entirely satisfying movie on its own. (Ultimate Edition, Blu-ray)
GOOD Just like Hagrid when he's faced with the certain death of his faithful pet Buckbeak, the audience falls into the emotional trap that Cuaron creates.
GOOD A refreshing change of pace. Sophisticated and distinctive.
GOOD Comes very close to soaring.
GOOD 'Est llena de magia, diversin y personajes que Cuarn ha vuelto ms que entraables. Felicidades, Alfonso! Enhorabuena.'
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not difficult to see why The Princess Bride has become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya! Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin? As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time. A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again. As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever. Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old. The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale. There is no other way to describe this genuinely funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
BAD This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now.
FAIR The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there.
BAD Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel.
BAD We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do.
BAD Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock!
FAIR It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette.
FAIR It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.'
BAD The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker.
GOOD The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater.
BAD "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that.
BAD You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite.
BAD The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material.
BAD You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater.
BAD A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals.
BAD For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format
BAD The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you.
FAIR Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars.
BAD The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is.
BAD It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements.
BAD Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals.
BAD The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters.
FAIR It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before.
FAIR It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing.
GOOD What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them.
FAIR No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here.
GOOD I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy.
BAD As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff.
FAIR Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way.
FAIR Larger-than-life fighting in feature-length Rangers tale.
FAIR A lot more fun than you'd think; Freeman has a blast as the Play-Doh commanding villain
GOOD Great kids action movie. Kicks ass.
BAD Noisy and meant for children only. A bored grown-up's only consolation is that the Rangers' popularity has probably peaked, and the next kiddie phenomenon must be on the way. Don't even think about what it will cost.
BAD While it has some great special effects and some decent fight scenes, it also has some incredibly bad costumes and some really cheap-looking special effects.
GOOD Brings the popular TV series to the screen with a barrage of spectacular special effects, a slew of fantastic monsters, a ferociously funny villain -- and, most important, a refreshing lack of pretentiousness.
BAD These are the same performers who appear on the TV show, and you get the feeling this has become more than a meal ticket for them. Hokey dialogue is invested with an intensity that takes you out of the movie and into the psyches of the actors.
BAD If there was ever a script, it seems to have been left behind while everyone went on location.
BAD Nothing more than an expanded typical Power Ranger episode ... [But my 6-year-old LOVED it.]
BAD What depresses me inutterably is that children, who are fresh and inquisitive, will go to this movie and, for 88 minutes, the movie will do what it can to deaden their imaginations.
BAD It does deliver the cheesy sci-fi goods for fans of the colorful television show, even if it's not likely to win any new converts.
FAIR Young fans of the six squeaky-clean super teens can look forward to an effects-loaded, energetic adventure that powers up martial-arts acrobatics as it cuts the cheesiness.
FAIR As the capstone to a franchise that never actually needed to be a franchise in the first place, it acquits itself tolerably well.
GOOD A reunion Aladdin fans will love.
BAD ...distinctly underwhelming...
BAD Isn't involving enough to sustain interest when the Genie is offscreen.
FAIR ...this time Robin Williams is coaxed back into the fold. Understandably, he saves what little day there is to save.
BAD ...a movie that happens before it thinks.
FAIR Passable kiddie flick.
FAIR Family drama pits tween boy against adult greed.
BAD ...rife with sequences that are either overlong or completely superfluous...
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not sure if anyone in this film actually acted alongside anyone else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't have the originality of the first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone is left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not much here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time. Now, not so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require. Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes. It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person is going to agree with me on this one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting. He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance needed to lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages. Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again. Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um grupo de comediantes deste calibre se reunia em uma producao, o filme era um evento. Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles. Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
FAIR Earnest coming-of-age film uses chess as a metaphor.
BAD It's really several Lassie episodes (without the collie) braided together to make one full-length picture.
FAIR Wild America often feels like a MMMBop-ish Hanson brothers music video redone for the Discovery Channel.
BAD Supposedly, Wild America is a family film, but I can't figure out which members of the family it's intended for.
FAIR Highly recommended for the SegaGenesis jocks in your household.
GOOD Jim Varney at the peak of his comedic powers, playing two instantly distinctive roles. If you only ever see one Ernest movie, make it this one.
BAD Here's one fictitious Ernest sequel that fits my sentiments exactly: "Ernest Gets on my Last Nerve". "Nuff said...
BAD He was convicted for homicidal mugging.
GOOD Somewhat sad yet heartwarming film about orphaned animals.
BAD There's about forty minutes of story in this movie, with it stretched to 96 minutes by adding silly antics with the animals.
FAIR The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
GOOD Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God. But its main thrust is friendship.
FAIR Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not only entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
BAD I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
FAIR A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is not only faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
GOOD It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
BAD The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
FAIR sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
GOOD Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
FAIR Una pelicula entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la perdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginacion como valvula de escape. No es el tipico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho mas interesante que eso.
GOOD Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
FAIR A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
FAIR The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
FAIR daleko od eskapizma
FAIR ...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
FAIR I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
FAIR ...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
GOOD Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
FAIR Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
BAD [Full Review in Greek]
GOOD A magical tale that doesn't become maudlin when many films of its ilk could have. A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
GOOD Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
FAIR Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
FAIR It's not a film that need unduly trouble grown-ups.
BAD The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
FAIR Worth a look.
GOOD Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
GOOD Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
BAD Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
FAIR It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
FAIR An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
GOOD A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
FAIR Mostly, Kit Kittredge is exactly what you'd expect -- a treacle-sweet, simplistic story about maintaining a stiff upper lip in the face of adversity, keeping your family together, and not judging a book by its cover.
FAIR Emotionally affecting but dramatically wobbly, "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl" touchingly illustrates the sting of poverty without overly resorting to childish shenanigans.
FAIR More depth than you would expect
GOOD When I have children, this is the kind of movie I hope they will like. It's intelligent, it's meaningful, and it doesn't condescend to kids. In fact, it actually encourages kids to think.
FAIR Kit Kittredge has many of the classic ingredients of a successful family tale, but it's most notable success is in the unusual themes it brings to the forefront.
FAIR ...sweet-tempered and endearing, mining several layers of nostalgia...
FAIR If only all family films could be this good.
GOOD As surprising as finding vegetables in a bowl of vegetable soup, Kit Kittredge still comes as a little oasis of thoughtfulness in a summer largely devoted to property damage.
FAIR With a plethora of violent and drug-related movies streaming into theaters faster than a Star Wars battleship, the heartfelt Kit Kittredge offers an enjoyable breath of fresh air.
GOOD A cute dog, feisty kids, and a great big happy ending, everything an American Girl fan would want out of the movie. That's enough to please the parents, too.
FAIR The movie would be more interesting if it weren't photographed in the amber glow we associate with Kodak commercials and other happily-ever-after exercises in nostalgia.
GOOD excellent performances, an intelligent script, rooted in the 30s, but timeless in its themes, make it an adventure and a delight, for all ages
GOOD There I sat, alone in the dark, trying to figure out why no one else was in the theater for "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl."
BAD The story isn't bad and it has a good message, but the pacing drains all of the energy and fun out of what could have been an exceptional family movie.
FAIR [I]t may seem like it's part of a commercial juggernaut, but it's also a well-made and well-acted family film.
FAIR Manages a careful balance of entertainment and realism. It could be a Shirley Temple movie for our current hard times.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is a film you walk out of and say, "Well, that was ok." Then you move on with your life.
BAD Paved with such good intentions that it's a shame to have to criticize it. Alas, said good intentions cannot stop the picture from being a decidedly dull and eventless experience.
GOOD A vibrant, character-filled mystery-comedy set during a Depression that resembles the present all too much.
FAIR This classy, heart-on-its-sleeve movie is packed with laudable life lessons and Depression-era trivia.
FAIR This is a sweet, G-rated story of 1930s girl power, with nary a princess in sight.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is proof of how far you can get with the right screenwriter -- in this instance one versed in Children's Adventures 101 -- and director.
FAIR For what it is and for whom it's intended (young children), Kit Kittredge works and works wonderfully.
FAIR Smart, empathetic, fun loving and, best of all, a delight for all audiences.
FAIR A thoroughly satisfying and engaging children's picture that never forgets those kids probably didn't get to the theater by themselves.
FAIR That Kit largely succeeds is testament to not only its timing but also its craft.
GOOD Kit Kittredge: An American Girl is rife with feisty, generous pleasures.
FAIR There's nothing remotely cool about Kit Kittredge. That's why it's cool.
GOOD This tale of a little girl's determination and grit during the Depression is an honest-to-goodness family movie, one that parents and children can enjoy equally and together.
BAD Kit Kittredge is a dutiful bore.
FAIR ... girls who are into American Girls will find Kit Kittredge to be an enormously pleasing romp with one of their favorite characters.
BAD Kit Kittredge is, as her movie and doll-line assert, An American Girl, and so she'll need to face up to her national history, embrace her responsibility, and learn a useful life lesson to boot.
FAIR Frankly, they are lucky to have this cast. Breslin pretty much charms her way through some rough patches, and both Cusack and Tucci provide welcome comic relief.
FAIR And any film that plants such ideas in the cultural compost heap should be commended. Here's hoping they bloom.
FAIR Kit Kittredge is one of the best kid's movies to come out in years. For a moment anyway, this film made me desperately want to be a kid again.
FAIR Fanny, Annie & Danny will make anybody with a family, the more dysfunctional the better, cringe and grin.
GOOD I left the film feeling horrible for or about the characters onscreen, but it doesn't mean this is a bad movie; it's a really great movie, just not a feel-good movie.
FAIR Fanny, Annie & Danny will make you run up and hug your sketchiest uncle this holiday season. Family dysfunction at its finest.
FAIR Writer-director Chris Brown makes a play for the "And You Thought Your Family Was Crazy" sweepstakes with Fanny, Annie & Danny.
FAIR "Fanny, Annie & Danny" may be an unpleasant story about unpleasant characters, but the acting is fabulous.
GOOD It isn't just a chance to relive your childhood. It's also a chance to watch the deft evolution of the animated characters.
BAD "(A)beautifully animated but plot-thin kids film that borrows heavily in the story department from both the Land Before Time and Ice Age movies, as well as various Disney animated classics."
FAIR Walking with Dinosaurs 3D has gorgeous, meticulously detailed CGI, but also way too many stupid jokes about poop and puke.
BAD Basically Fox took a concept with wide appeal and reduced it to children's fare.
BAD I realize scientists can't prove dinosaurs didn't communicate telepathically, but I suspect the filmmakers' decision to go telepathic stems more from financial concerns than artistic or scientific ones.
BAD As I gazed, slack-jawed, at the fantastic visuals of wWalking With Dinosaurs,' I could not fathom how it came to be paired with the hideous, low-brow dialogue. And then I think I figured it out.
BAD The film should have been called Walking Very Slowly With Dinosaurs. And as well as being shown in 2D and 3D, the posters should have included that the film can also be seen in Zero D, which is the format you experience the film in when you fall asleep.
FAIR With no attempt at lip-synching, the detachment of the voices from the main characters is more supernatural than 3D.
BAD An educational show with the addition of a moronic plot and a lot of poop and flatulence gags.
BAD Unfortunately dopey, it's a nonsensical, mind-numbing disappointment.
FAIR Pop-up infomercials introducing each new character remind us that there's an educational remit lurking somewhere in the background, but the primary thrust is light, breezy and a little bit bitey.
BAD My dream has always been to "Walk with Dinosaurs", but if they're this shallow and annoying, I'll just stick with looking at their skeletons.
BAD Sure, it's aimed at kids, but as much as they all love dinosaurs...subjecting them to a film this annoying won't do anything but dampen that enthusiasm.
BAD Hey kids. Do you want to have fun and learn at the same time? Do you? Do you? Of course you don't.
FAIR Directors Neil Nightingale and Barry Cook have created a gorgeous visual feast, with computer animation that is superimposed on real-life settings, giving Walking with Dinosaurs a unique look of reality.
FAIR Kids crazy about dinosaurs -- find me one who isn't -- will love this one.
BAD like trying to enjoy a nature video in a room of talkers who think they're much more funny than they really are
FAIR Thrilling, semi-educational CGI movie with a few scary bits.
BAD Walking with Dinosaurs unfolds like a decent 3D documentary screened at a museum theater - which ultimately makes it a C-grade theatrical feature.
FAIR Ignore the chit-chat ... and the CG critters wow.
BAD The filmmakers make a serious mistake by aiming this educational epic at very young children, because they've undermined the considerable skill and artistry that have gone into making it.
BAD A film that is not so much bad-although it is quite bad-as it is utterly inexplicable.
FAIR Walking With Dinosaurs is too good a visual treat to miss, especially if you catch the 3-D version. But don't expect to enjoy the predictable, paper-thin story.
BAD You could write "Walking With Dinosaurs'' off as harmless filler for the under-5 set, except that the only female dinosaur, Juniper, exists solely to moon over Patchi, who as a hatchling lost part of an ear to a winged predator.
BAD [T]he battle between the movie's educational and story-time modes is arduous.
BAD The animation department deserved a better story and script than this.
BAD Man! And I thought GROWN UPS 2 was bad! WALKING WITH DINOSAURS is an absolute chore to sit through. Do not waste your time and money on this during the holiday season.
BAD It gets this critic's traditional back of the hand for this kind of kid's movie: parents should flip a coin... and the loser has to take them.
BAD If you're a fan of the 1999 BBC documentary series Walking with Dinosaurs and are hoping for more of the same, get ready for an Apatosaurus-sized level of disappointment from Walking with Dinosaurs 3D.
BAD The photo-realistic look is striking, but the dialogue is occasionally wince-inducing. Think a sub-par Flintstones episode.
BAD However well-intentioned the movie may be, it spills over with flat cutesy humor, making a slog out of an experience that should be filled with wonder.
BAD Aesthetic attention to detail, even when it's painstaking, goes only so far when the content is mediocre.
FAIR Pretty silly - but reliable machine-tooled family fare for the holidays.
BAD like taking a tour of the Grand Tetons with the cast of Family Guy making fart jokes the whole time
BAD It's a lucky thing "Walking With Dinosaurs" makes good use of fine songs by Lord Huron and Fleetwood Mac to distract us because that story is about as fresh as a pterodactyl fossil.
FAIR The good intentions are fossilized under the cutesy poop.
BAD Walking With Dinosaurs: The Movie boasts some impressive special effects but is ultimately let down by a terrible script, a dull story and a poorly conceived American voice dub that is extremely grating.
GOOD A big, Harry family adventure full of laughs.
BAD Just as Mac and Me eventually devolved into a feature-length commercial for McDonald's, Harry and the Hendersons eventually emerges as a vegetarian screed.
FAIR Charming and silly.
FAIR Passable family pap.
BAD John Lithgow paying his dues.
FAIR Fun, one-of-a-kind, and sometimes scary, adventure/comedy with the always-delightful, John Lithgow.
BAD Spielbergian sentimentality at its ickiest
GOOD A warm and fuzzy family adventure about why you can't domesticate a sasquatch.
BAD If you aren't a tween girl, this really isn't going to catch you.
BAD It's only real point of view is that the best things you can aspire to in life are to be "hot," to land a cute boy, and to become a famous pop star.
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse. Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie. David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project. He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you are a Harry Potter fan to begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation. If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not quite enough to make this the best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling. (It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before. I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie. Bring back Steve Kloves! Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical. Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film. A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel. Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series. ... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
FAIR This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
BAD Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
FAIR It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already.
FAIR That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
BAD Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes. Something in your heart breaks. Your childhood, perhaps?
FAIR ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
FAIR Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
FAIR Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
BAD A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
BAD The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
BAD Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
GOOD A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
BAD For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
FAIR Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
BAD Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
BAD Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
GOOD ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda.
BAD A head trip into blunderland.
BAD Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
BAD Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
FAIR Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
FAIR Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
BAD La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
BAD What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
BAD Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
BAD Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
GOOD This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
FAIR Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
FAIR Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
BAD Quite tiresome in the end.
FAIR I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
BAD Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never quite connects than to Jonze actually meeting his grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a coming-of-age film. It's an end-of-innocence film. And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time. You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never having read the book, it must be better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying. It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky... But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never mind the little ones. This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never grew up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year. It's just a pity he didn't make it more accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun? The book was entrancing. The book deserved better. Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it. For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange. But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it. In fact, Wild Things... I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment. It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children. And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
FAIR Non-musical sequel a fun adventure for young kids.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR Easy-to-take effort that primarily benefits from a charming performance by Elisabeth Shue.
FAIR Like "Home Alone," "Adventures in Babysitting" is a lightweight comic adventure, but it's effective in what it sets out to do . . . and that's entertain.
FAIR Seemed fun at the time, in '87, but dates badly. Still, kids might like it.
FAIR A comedy classic unlikely to ever age
GOOD Surprisingly sprightly, entertaining, sweet-natured comedy.
GOOD Surprisingly sweet and funny!
BAD Fun for kids, maybe. Sheer drudgery for anyone beyond a Jr. High School reading comprehension level.
FAIR Aw, c'mon, who can't like a movie that has The Mighty Thor as a major component?
GOOD So much fun it might make babysitting a real career choice.
FAIR A fluffy but extremely lovable teen fantasy that folks of a certain age will remember with great fondness.
FAIR "After Hours" - lite ... and it works!
FAIR By the end of the film, I'd had a couple of real laughs and a few interesting moments, but that was about all.
FAIR This is really just innocent material with a tendency to flout basic guidelines and stray from the perimeters of believability.
FAIR Dreamer is loaded with enough cliches and formulas to choke a horse. But truly, it works.
GOOD It is a movie that will captivate children, yes, but it will also capture the hearts of the grown-ups, too.
FAIR simply feels more professional than most family fare
FAIR Sure, it's as goopy as Kris Kristofferson is grizzled, but families might find a genuinely warm experience in the simple story of a child following her heart %u2014 especially in the rare moments when we're not told how to feel.
FAIR This is a slow track of wish-fullfillment fantasy and all who come through the turnstiles will wear a happy face.
GOOD Ah. Here's the family film we've been dreaming of all year long.
GOOD In short, Dreamer may be shot through with cliches but they're good ones and, more importantly, they work. This is feel-good family entertainment of the first order and if you loved Seabiscuit, you'll love this too.
FAIR It manages to be a watchable, even enjoyable movie about and for girls, and in our world of candy-coated sparkly pink crap, that's a rare and commendable thing.
FAIR Dakota Fanning, the busiest child actor on the planet it seems, brings her usual maturity to this fine family film. The horse is pretty good too.
BAD A nice film for a father to take his daughter to. Others may find it so by-the-numbers that even high-powered actors (+ a horse) have a hard time breathing life into it.
FAIR For fleeting moments, this movie about a little girl and her horse becomes one that fathers will know best.
FAIR An ordinary movie about a girl and her horse, but Dakota Fanning makes the difference.
BAD Mildly pleasant, but never once does it surprise us.
BAD Despite thoroughbred work from Dakota Fanning, by the time the movie hits the final furlong it's only good for the glue factory.
FAIR Triumphant coming-of-age drama (complete with horses!) [aimed] at little girls and their captive-audience fathers.
FAIR Gallop, don't walk, to a movie house for one of the most uplifting live-action family films in years.
BAD Seabiscuit-Lite (half the emotional impact and half as satisfying as the regular inspiration film).
FAIR Charming all-ages entertainment.
GOOD Lovely family film, which has a way of resonating in one's imagination for days.
BAD As a sports drama -- a genre that's gotten entirely too much play lately -- Dreamer is singularly unexciting.
FAIR The best girl-and-horse movie since National Velvet. Who's to say that Dakota Fanning won't have the career longevity of Elizabeth Taylor?
FAIR The film's route to the familiar ending is appealing, largely because Russell and Fanning create such winning father-daughter chemistry, and the theme reverberates with undeniably rousing good spirits.
FAIR A family film that even adults may enjoy.
FAIR It's to Fanning's and Russell's credit, and the filmmakers', that the formula never gets the better of the film.
FAIR Too obvious, too trite and too sentimental to ever be more than Seabiscuit for tweens.
BAD There's nothing particularly inspired about the film.
GOOD It makes a solid case that a wounded horse can heal a wounded family.
FAIR Fanning and Russell are a perfect, sweet-and-sour pair. And, of course, the horse is absolutely beautiful -- which, in the end, is what this all comes down to, anyway.
BAD The plot, 'inspired by a true story,' is all but impossible.
FAIR Whatever its flaws, Dreamer is sure-footed, sure-fire family entertainment.
FAIR Underdog animal story that comes by its emotions honestly and with few pretensions.
BAD A textbook study in cinematic recycling -- everything in it seems to have been borrowed from other movies.
BAD This is a lovely film; it's about a million times better than the other so-called children's or family movies out there.
FAIR Gatins is so worshipful of a child's starry-eyed aspirations that he forgets to ground them in narrative honesty.
BAD Treads a well-worn path that will likely feel familiar even to the newest crop of horse-crazy girls.
GOOD a beautifully made, well acted, old fashioned movie with humor, pathos, and a good premise, highlighted by terrific performances by Kurt Russell and Dakota Fanning.
FAIR Most of what it lacks in originality, it compensates for in spirit, and its success is dependent on the commitment of the actors and the sense of family they evoke.
GOOD ...classic entertainment for families.
FAIR ...sweet and charming, succeeding as a genuine gathering of friends.
FAIR Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
BAD I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
BAD It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
BAD Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptacao pavorosa por mancharem o nome da familia ao inclui-lo nos creditos iniciais.
BAD ...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
BAD ...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
BAD Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
BAD Everything about this production seems tired.
BAD True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
FAIR Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
FAIR All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't recommend it. But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
BAD The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
FAIR Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never runs out of gas.
FAIR You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
FAIR The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
FAIR ...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
BAD Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
BAD [a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare. It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't have the intended impact of a Jackie Chan animated chop to the head.
FAIR Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
FAIR It's not as classic as the novel.
FAIR This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
BAD This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
BAD Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
BAD A colorful disappointment.
BAD Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
BAD If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
FAIR A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
BAD ...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
BAD Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
BAD ...conviendra peut-etre aux tres jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
BAD Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
FAIR It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
FAIR Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
GOOD Girl-and-her-horse story with some peril might inspire kids.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story? Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical. Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not likely to find them very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk. But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not terribly witty, and definitely not adult-oriented. But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't go deep enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo. It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely. It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't even notice that Batman's appearances are being saved only for special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way. In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no puedes dejar pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny. But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton. The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece. From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning. Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
BAD made solely to sell Talkboys (and let's not forget the pink Talkgirls) to kids
BAD Wasn't one of these bad enough?
GOOD Not better than the first part but funny. Pesci is great in both films.
BAD Whatever steam Culkin gained in Home Alone was lost in this tepid sequel rehash.
BAD So, so bad.
BAD Money grubbing sequelitis at its most pathetic.
BAD Annie has a fun, fizzing feel-good factor but, unfortunately, little in the way of lasting resonance.
FAIR As much as we fear remakes of classic films there are, on occasion, heartening examples where it's done right. Here we have a nicely updated, jazzed-up version of the unfairly maligned 1982 John Huston musical.
BAD The song selection and its presentation seems out of his control.
BAD The filmmakers only thought about how to make it current, and not about how to make it better.
FAIR Annie is not the awful film it's been painted as. In fact, it has much in its favor.
BAD Musicals are made to enchant and help us sing the blues away...and for that, I'd recommend the original "Annie". You're only a day away...
BAD Another unoriginal Hollywood remake that no one really asked for. The music holds up, and it's a testament to those songs that they can withstand this misfire of a film.
BAD A flattened, bowdlerised project that has passed through too many hands
BAD It's clear that those behind this Annie remake wanted to achieve: A progressive new take on an old standard, just in time for families to enjoy during Christmas holidays. If only Smith, Jay-Z and Gluck could have focused more on delivering a good film.
BAD Are you a little girl, aged between six and ten?... Have you learnt every song from Frozen and are you ready to torment your parents with a whole new repertoire?... congratulations, you are part of the ridiculously specific target audience for [Annie].
BAD It's not an utter disaster. How could it be given Quvenzhane Wallis's unfettered joy and easy rapport with Jamie Foxx and Rose Byrne? But she's the only thing in a reimagined "Annie" that treats rather than tricks as it strains to manufacture whimsy.
BAD Two of my favorite people in Hollywood working together on an exciting reimagining of one of my favorite musicals -- what could go wrong? Sadly, too much.
BAD Even Sandy the dog looks like he's had enough.
BAD It's a hard-knock life for cinemagoers who make the mistake of going to see this new version of Annie hoping for some of the Broadway pizzazz of the original.
FAIR This latest "Annie" could have been told more efficiently, and with more depth, but with Wallis and Foxx leading the cast, it's an engaging enough, if not memorable, remake.
BAD The 1977 Broadway hit has suffered an overblown 1982 adaptation, a sickly 1999 TV movie and a terrible stage sequel. But the worst hadn't happened to it until this awkwardly updated, misconceived and sloppy remake.
BAD There you have it, kids: all you need is love. Although loads of money and a good wi-fi signal definitely help.
BAD There's not much delight to be had in an orphan's bedazzlement by this corporate paradise - besides, is gaining material wealth all the story has to offer?
BAD You can "betcha bottom dollaaar" that this the most pointless remake of the year.
BAD Take out Quvenzhane Wallis, and it instantaneously becomes one of the most hateful, ill-made studio pictures of the year
BAD Leapin' lizards, was this a bad idea.
BAD The blame falls squarely on Gluck, who appears to have never seen a musical film in his life, shoots dance numbers with staid limpidity and zero sense of rhythm, and edits them in a way so as all the performers are barely visible.
FAIR This refreshing take on events feels lost in a movie that feels so outdated, as obsolete as the much-loved 1982 original.
BAD Foxx and Company Flounder in Bland "Annie."
BAD This remake updates the musical to include hip-hop stylings, Twitter updates and YouTube references, but any charm has been left behind in John Huston's 1982 film.
FAIR Wallis keeps things watchable, exuding real screen presence. However, even with talented singer Foxx onboard, there isn't a single memorable rendition of the familiar tunes, and 'Tomorrow' hangs around like a kitchen odour.
BAD A 21st Century variation on the age-old theme where an insufferable 1%-er finally gets in touch with his sensitive side with the help of an irresistible ragamuffin representing the downtrodden rest of humanity.
FAIR Wallis here retains all the unaffected charm that she showcased in Beasts, skipping nimbly between comedy, pathos and show-stopping song and dance, lending credible heart and soul to a production that so often fails to find its feet.
BAD Wallis is the only one among the cast to bring some real energy to the screen...
FAIR This Annie wouldn't survive on 'American Idol' or 'Dancing with the Stars.' She's a charmer all the same.
FAIR The film is frequently awkward, suffers from some pedestrian choreography and wears its heart perhaps a bit too openly on its sleeve. But it's also charming, well-acted... and, most surprisingly, quite funny.
BAD Annie lands in an uninventive middle ground - it isn't necessary (or an improvement) but it isn't a total disaster either.
GOOD It's ultimately hard to resist a family-friendly film that's this confident and energetic -- and genuinely funny -- without ever pandering.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not think 100 minutes is an awfully long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not too serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless. But his movie has no pep. It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't have a story that does justice to the production.
GOOD Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
GOOD Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
FAIR What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
GOOD Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
GOOD The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
GOOD Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
GOOD Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
BAD ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
GOOD Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
GOOD Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
GOOD Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
GOOD Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
GOOD This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
GOOD Spirited Away is wonderful.
GOOD A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
GOOD Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
GOOD Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
GOOD I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
FAIR Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
GOOD 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
GOOD It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
GOOD The wonders never stop.
GOOD One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
GOOD A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
GOOD Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
GOOD E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
FAIR Typical, typical Ernest nonsense, cookie cutter funny.
FAIR Feverishly funny family fun
BAD Ernest did much better in some of the follow-ups.
GOOD Totally undeserving of its status as a punchline, this may be no classic but it's a fine kiddie tale
BAD Just exactly like every other Ernest movie you've ever seen. And yet, Varney's innocent playfulness is somehow oddly appealing.
FAIR Has some honest laughs ... but it also spawned Ernest's movie career. Call it a toss-up.
GOOD Have no fear, you legions of Potter fans: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a solid step forward in the movie adaptations of J.K. Rowling's much-read novels.
FAIR Although it's unlikely to make converts of the uninitiated, fans of the series and its characters will find the movie to be a worthy entry.
GOOD Columbus carefully avoids overly replaying the visual wonders of his first episode, and heedfully edits and amplifies Rowling's story for the screen, preserving its spooky darkness.
GOOD Better story, better acting, better characters and better effects. All they need is to sort out the dialogue next time, and everyone's a winner.
GOOD Director Chris Columbus (again working from a screenplay by Steve Kloves) has allowed some mechanical repetition to creep in, but overall this manages to be ingenious as well as faithful to its source.
BAD It's not all bad. But there are wasted, senseless scenes of characters about to head to the Quidditch pitch for a game that doesn't happen and time-eating speeches about how "This could mean the end of Hogwarts" (Crikey, again?)
GOOD Possibly second only to Goblet of Fire of all the Potter films to date, Chamber of Secrets should please fans and muggles alike.
FAIR Those who adore the books may bemoan the flat emotional landscape of the films, which are less easy to engage with. Fans of the first film will be suitably entertained.
GOOD Action- and creature-packed Potter sequel.
FAIR Everything about The Sorcerer's Stone pretty much applies to the adaptation of the second novel in the series.
GOOD The exciting second chapter in the Harry Potter chronicle that in many ways surpasses the original.
FAIR Though these films are trifles, they are at least high quality trifles.
FAIR May just be the most quintessential Steven Spielberg movie Steven Spielberg never made.
GOOD This second effort is even better than the first go around.
FAIR An enjoyable sequel.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, satisfies as a film adaptation, but it doesn't cast as enchanting a spell as the first movie.
GOOD This is as rousing and faithful an adaptation as was possible.
FAIR The franchise is showing no fear at exploring the novels' darker moments, but needs to judiciously pare down the time it takes for the lights to come up.
FAIR The humor and the villainy have bite, the acting has conviction, the effects look far less cheesy, and the storytelling actually conveys the imagination and emotional power of Rowling's prose.
BAD Punishingly long and slow in parts.
GOOD Director Chris Columbus and company have done a stand-out job of capturing the imagination if not the detail of those books.
FAIR ...provides wondrous surprises around every turn.
FAIR I still don't understand how J.K. Rowling could have made such obscene gobs of cash off of such a simple and overwrought premise ... I'll stick with LORD OF THE RINGS
FAIR An effort that is full of gosh-wow moments.
GOOD It takes pause to recognize the collective good nature we owe to one another all year round, and pays that knowledge forward with charm and wistfulness.
GOOD [A] richly remembered tale of Christmas past.
GOOD This witty, insightful, hugely enjoyable movie is riven with glorious home truths and a merciful lack of saccharin.
GOOD Wonderful antidote to saccharine holiday tales.
GOOD This great heartwarming comedy from the director of Porky's was a flop during its theatrical run, but, like It's a Wonderful Life, has become a staple on cable during the holiday season.
GOOD If you're a fan of Christmas movies or films that use nostalgia as a driver, A Christmas Story cannot be missed. Then again, if you're in either category, you have probably already seen it.
GOOD Funny, touching and unabashedly nostalgic. A true classic.
GOOD A great Hollywood classic!
GOOD [It has] emerged over the past two decades as second only to It's a Wonderful Life as the definitive Christmas flick.
GOOD ...sharp, insightful observations, a careful attention to period detail, and, most of all, a gentle good humor.
GOOD It's so sweet but it has the cynical heart of pre-WWII America.
GOOD The laughs are nonstop if rarely subtle, and the whole thing deserves to become a Christmastime classic.
GOOD Maybe the best Christmas movie ever made!
GOOD My family watches it every Christmas. My sons tell me I'm getting to be more like the old man with each passing year.
GOOD Few Christmas films are funnier.
GOOD Sentimental without being nauseating, subversive without losing its heart, and a justly celebrated holiday classic.
GOOD There's a reason they run this for 24 hours every December -- it really is that good, maybe the best Christmas movie ever.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Funny, charming, and built around a classic Darren McGavin performance
GOOD A Christmas classic to be enjoyed over and over - just don't put your eye out.
GOOD Sweet, funny and loaded with warm nostalgia.
FAIR There is a real knowledge of human nature beneath the comedy.
GOOD kid's eye view of family life and Christmas
BAD The script's lack of subtlety and effective wit makes for an increasingly tiring experience.
GOOD A comfortable, homey movie.
GOOD A delightful movie.
GOOD The story is a touch simplistic, but Petersen's direction is assured and children will be dazzled by the imaginative effects and stunning sets.
GOOD Here is a little adventure that fed on our uncultivated need to think, and wonder. It gave many of us our first taste of cinematic possibility.
GOOD The NeverEnding Story remains a testament to the power of imagination and the type of inventive cinema that was possible in a pre-digital era.
FAIR All in all, The Neverending Story is a silly fantasy movie that often shows its age, but as a kids' movie it still has enough exciting action and you-can-do-it attitude to earn itself a place in a family's DVD collection.
BAD This was sweet and charming at the time but now it just lacks either the comedy or sophistication of kids' fantasy film that we've all become accustomed to.
GOOD Only a certified grump could dislike this engaging fantasy that wends its way into the imagination and is a delight on most levels.
FAIR It's very hard not to give in to The Neverending Story's heart-in-the-right-place charms amidst an increasingly anti-literate society. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...has enough charm, delight, and wonder going for it to entertain most youngsters, and that's all that matters.
GOOD Magical storytelling targeted at children still fascinates.
GOOD Even better if you never see the sequels.
FAIR The world of this movie looks like a very particular place, and the art direction involved a lot of imagination.
FAIR An enjoyable departure from both Das Boot and Kajagoogoo.
FAIR An above-average children's flick with interesting characters and an imaginative premise.
BAD The 'NeverEnding' part of the title is certainly accurate.
FAIR Nowhere near as good as the book, but not bad for the kids.
GOOD Classic fantasy, full of wonderful creatures and characters.
GOOD A shining moment in Science-Fiction Fantasy. Does it get any better?
GOOD One of a scant few true Fantasy masterpieces.
BAD A decent fantasy, but anyone who's read the book will be sorely disappointed at didn't make it into the adaptation.
BAD This fantasy tale drags incredibly despite its relatively short running time.
FAIR Charming family movie for tweens and up.
FAIR ...may wander near and far, mixing down-home hokum with gushy sentiment, yet it generally succeeds in winning us over.
FAIR Lions will appeal to a more mature audience because of the solid acting duo of Caine and Duvall. It will also appeal to children because of its almost mythological feel.
FAIR To see Osment react to a door closing is akin to watching someone get defibrillated.
FAIR An unpretentiously sweet home-is-where-the-heart-is fantasy.
BAD [T]he real lesson here may be for Haley Joel Osment, who could well have Dickie Roberts II in his future.
FAIR This film may be all over the map, but at least it takes viewers to some interesting places.
BAD Schmaltzed up, dumbed down, bombastically-scored family drama of touchy-feely life lessons.
FAIR Warm and a little syrupy like old school films.
FAIR A wholly unique family film that can moisten your eyes even while it quickens your pulse.
FAIR Because it never quite reaches its enormous potential, Secondhand Lions feels like a disappointment even though there's much to praise.
FAIR Filled with so many moments of eccentricity that I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to take it all seriously or just laugh. Is the movie a heartwarming coming-of-age film or a parody of one?
FAIR There's a deep, sad yearning that permeates through the fantastical optimism of Secondhand Lions that gives it the cold, harsh edge of reality.
BAD Duvall and Caine have more fun with shotguns than anyone this side of Phil Gramm.
FAIR In the end there may not quite be enough here to make the film a classic, but it's enjoyable and lively and warm while it lasts.
FAIR The movie is fun, but thinking about it afterwards reveals just how sloppy it is
FAIR An uneven but sweet movie about growing up and growing older.
BAD In the wrong hands, this would have been a maudlin, embarrassing story, but in McCanlies' hands, it feels like a cozy friend.
GOOD It makes you feel good the way that Forrest Gump made you feel good, as if the filmmakers were seriously trying to make a fun, wholesome, entertaining movie without taking on the industry with a moral agenda.
FAIR Where McCanlies eventually almost succeeds in demolishing his laid-back little embassy of wonder and good will is his refusal to practice what his characters preach.
BAD 'Corn, corn, nothin' but corn,' Duvall complains as he looks at his crops; unsympathetic viewers will feel they can relate...
FAIR This isn't perfect filmmaking, but it's pleasant enough and a pleasure to watch.
BAD A well-meaning trifle, earnestly performed but way too bland and vanilla to elicit much in the way of rooting interest or lasting memorability.
GOOD Packed with adventure, humor and straight-forward drama, Lions is the type of movie I loved as a kid and clearly I haven't outgrown the formula.
BAD A sweet, tidy and ultimately forgettable story.
BAD Secondhand Lions manages to squander the services of seasoned vets Michael Caine and Robert Duvall, and promising newcomer Haley Joel Osment, with a tale that is dramatically false and disturbingly vicious.
BAD The film's attitude toward female characters is so relentlessly cruel and dismissive, that it's impossible to pay attention to all the supposedly sweet stuff that surrounds Lions' hard-hearted center.
FAIR Secondhand Lions is a movie you want to believe in -- original ideas, acclaimed actors -- but McCanlies uses too many broad strokes when subtlety and finesse would have had greater impact.
BAD [A] schmaltz fest.
FAIR Has a few almost first-rate pleasures.
GOOD A crowd-pleasing oddball comedy.
BAD There's not one moment in Secondhand Lions that feels genuine or heartfelt.
BAD Lions' iron whimsy is a jackhammer on the heart.
GOOD Harry Potter's adventures in wizard-land are cozy and comfortable in Chris Columbus' faithful adaptation.
GOOD This faithful rendition of the inaugural Potter book demonstrates that the franchise is in safe, sensible hands.
FAIR Slow, but it establishes the myth, the cast and the look. And it's holding up surprisingly well.
FAIR Although it suffers nominally from being over-stuffed and under-paced, it's grand and involving, with magnificent production design and special effects, and some fabulous thesps present and correct.
GOOD First Potter movie is a magical ride but also intense.
GOOD a fantastic beginning
FAIR Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Zoe Wanamaker and Maggie Smith, to name but a few, all put in an appearance and it is these old hands who are the best aspect of the film.
FAIR Suffering from too much fantasy over too little reality, Sorcerer's Stone sets Harry Potter up for a longer and fruitful career as a screen legend.
FAIR Because the film is so glossy, so flippant in its presentation of the world that author J.K. Rowling has spent her sizable novels dissecting, that I still don't have a good idea what all the fuss is about.
GOOD Even though a few of the book's scenes have been cut, fans probably couldn't hope for a better adaptation. It bodes well for the rest of the series, when strong stories start taking precedence over set-up.
GOOD I couldn't find one mis-step, one wrong move, or one disappointment in the transition from print to celluloid.
GOOD The special effects aren't overwhelming and the ideas aren't too far-fetched, but the story will reel in just about anybody.
GOOD A sense of loss accompanied my appreciation of the movie. The images created by my own imagination...will now be changed forever.
FAIR Though generally overrated, it's a good start to what will undoubtedly become an epic film franchise.
BAD A Xerox copy of the book, and a copy is never as good as the original.
GOOD Full of well-designed atmospheric charm, full of wondrous, expensive effects and mediocre-at-best acting, full of media hype and holiday-season merchandising opportunities.
GOOD Surefire crowd-pleaser, with a terrific, note-perfect cast and impressive use of special effects.
FAIR Faithful to book, film conjures up magical moments for fans to savor.
FAIR A superior, well crafted blockbuster for the whole family, but it's nowhere near as extraordinary as the hype surrounding it.
GOOD Sorcerer's Stone is that rare effort that successfully breathes cinematic life into a children's classic.
GOOD An admirable spectacle, a real thriller for the kids and the kid in all of us, but ... straightforward and workmanlike.
FAIR As directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film with no personality of its own, despite being filled with many unforgettable personalities.
GOOD A parte tecnica de Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal e impecavel.
FAIR ...certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination.
FAIR Great fun, even if it's not a particularly good movie.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" is (1) a terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to. The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' is a cheerier film than 'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie is lovely to look at; it just hasn't much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land is one sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor. Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't grow up comes off like a shrill, obnoxious little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't really care. They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version (no more racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't try to top itself, knock us over or dazzle critics. And Return to Never Land doesn't even try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR Miyazaki's appreciation of miraculous possibilities and childhood visions is what drives Totoro.
GOOD ...a clarion call for the legitimacy of imagination - not only in stories, but in the real world.
GOOD A beautifully observed film that has become a guaranteed charmer for all ages.
GOOD Not as complex or tense as Spirited Away (Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, released 13 years later). Still, few things are.
GOOD Despite the cuteness, there's little in the way of icky sentiment - indeed the spectre of death hangs over the story - but it's a captivating world you won't want to come home from.
GOOD Perfect. Simple as.
GOOD An otherworldly tale of childhood and a definitive work of imagination.
GOOD One of the best animated films ever made for families: it celebrates feminine sensitivity, the importance of the spirit world, respect for nature, and the pre-eminence of the spiritual practice of kindness.
GOOD A soft, approachable film, about simple, peaceful emotions and characters. That may sound unambitious, but it is the most ambitious thing of all.
GOOD Visually arresting and consistently compelling, this movie is magical.
GOOD Miyazaki is a genius.
GOOD The painted backgrounds are lush, realistic, and full of luxuriant foliage. The character animation, while stiff by Disney standards, is appropriate to the characters and expressive enough to bring them to life for the audience.
GOOD The beauty of My Neighbor Totoro is its simplicity. It's a warm and friendly story that just made me feel good after watching it.
GOOD A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not such a bad thing, really.
GOOD A sensibilidade ao retratar os personagens, a magia do universo concebido por Miyazaki e a qualidade impecavel da animacao fazem deste filme um classico instantaneo.
GOOD Showcases Miyazaki's delightful iconography of spirits, demons, and wood sprites at its most gentle.
GOOD A welcome antidote to the US cultural imperialism of countless inferior Disney sell-thru videos . . .
GOOD Wonderfully entertaining animation.
GOOD one of the most accomplished and important children's films ever made.
GOOD It's Miyazaki's finest work! It's the best film of 1988! It's the best animated feature ever made!
GOOD My Neighbor Totoro is more than a fairy tale; it is an engaging story which uses fantasy sparingly.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR Despite substandard animation, this brightly coloured sequel has a strong enough sense of both its story and characters to hold the audience's attention.
FAIR Boasts an impressive cast, catchy tunes and an entertaining fairy tale plot.
BAD Even by the standards of allowance-snatching half-term filler, this is pretty indifferent ...
BAD A cynical cash-grab riding on the coat-tails of far better productions.
BAD This film is very offbeat and psychedelic in that regard, though regrettably not nearly as accomplished or engaging as Alice in Wonderland which is loosely resembles.
BAD A cheap and charmless reminder to leave the classics alone.
FAIR Kid-friendly with some neat visuals.
BAD Carping on a film clearly targeted to 5-year-olds might seem unjust, but the filmmakers go about their business in such a lazy fashion that the viewer can't help but feel irritated by the whole ordeal.
BAD Being an effective virtual babysitter isn't the same as being a satisfying entertainment.
BAD Resting on the laurels of its namesake, Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return suffers from lackluster storytelling, TV-quality animation and haphazard music, all of which don't hold a candle to the many Oz tales that have come before it.
BAD Wasting a voice cast populated with recognisable names, this attempt to cash in on nostalgia for its source material evokes more bewilderment and boredom than excitement or wistful reminiscence.
BAD That it scored a few actual names [...] gives it the veneer of class, but it was designed to fool kids and their gullible parents, yet make everyone who sees it sad.
FAIR Oz has its moments, even to this day.
BAD "Aside from giving some very talented people so little to work with, perhaps the film's biggest crimes are its crimes against cinema and literature."
BAD A glorified 90-minute distraction for kids - not an enchanting and memorable addition to the Wizard of Oz movie pantheon.
FAIR Kids will like well-intentioned sequel, but it lacks magic.
BAD It's short on jokes and hampered by unmemorable musical numbers (including one about building a boat), and the film's niceness can't overcome the dopey tedium.
BAD Dorothy's return doesn't give you much of a return for the time invested.
BAD The best children's films have a tendency to both traumatize and amaze, but Legends Of Oz does neither.
BAD This is one of those movies that parents will have to ask themselves if they love their child enough to sit through it.
BAD It sounds more like a threat than a promise.
FAIR Ironic detachment and pop culturing pandering are mercifully absent. In their place is a disarming, welcome sincerity.
BAD ...strictly for the little ones, although serious students of computer animation may want to take a look as well.
BAD It's a little shocking how leaden the jokes are in this movie.
BAD Unfortunately, the computer-animated Legends of Oz can be charitably described as a pastiche; a better word might be mishmash.
BAD Delivered with all the vivid, impeccably detailed digital animation one usually sees in non-Pixar offerings of the late 1990s or daytime TV ads for The General auto insurance.
BAD With dubious scruples, and much Broadway-style caterwauling, the film imagines what The Wizard of Oz would look like with a should-have-gone-straight-to-video chimney on her.
BAD Devoid of the visual magic and heartfelt emotion of the original film, this version of Oz and Dorothy 2.0 feel like the cheaply made knockoffs you find in a dollar store: garishly shiny, flimsy and not built to last.
BAD Joyless, witless, and even a tad heartless
BAD "Legends of Oz" feels like the opposite of the original film. Underneath its aggressive distractions and dim ideas, it has no heart.
BAD The enterprise, while gently reverent, looks and feels as shaky as it sounds, tonally as flat as Kansas farmland.
BAD There are songs, by a motley crew of tunesmiths who include Bryan Adams, but except for a showstopper tailor-made for Short, they don't make much of an impact. Ditto for the script ...
FAIR Directors Will Finn and Dan St. Pierre create an animated musical rooted in the classic tale with wonderful, colorful and detailed settings, and a story that is gentle and sweet.
BAD The merry old land of Oz ceases being so merry in the cheaply animated, generically written Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.
BAD "Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return" lacks any sense of magic. These won't be songs you'll find yourself singing over and over after you've left the theater or a movie you'll be watching again and again. Once is enough.
BAD [A] crass, cheap, hack-job cash-grab.
BAD Mostly, the film reaffirms how hard it is to make a movie as unforgettable and enduring as "The Wizard of Oz." Good chance you'll forget this one on the way home from the theater.
BAD Animated in form but completely listless in content.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
BAD As interesting as the message is with this film, it is equally as hypocritical of the movie industry to shake its finger at fads, trendsetters and materialistic nonsense.
FAIR Even with decent turns from the leads, and a usefully soulful one from Gary Cole as a neighbor inclined to do the proverbial keeping up, the film can't always manage to justify itself as an actual movie instead of merely a clever concept.
FAIR A darkly comical satire about affluence might seem a bit ill-timed during a global recession. But a strong cast makes this film very watchable, even as it slips into melodrama.
FAIR Borte, directing his first film, does a smooth, confident job, so that even though the set-up isn't quite plausible you're happy to go along with it.
GOOD Think of it as an inverted Truman Show, with David Duchovny and Demi Moore as yuppified secret salesmen hawking an idealized suburban lifestyle while incognito.
BAD Way to kill that dark comedy you were going for.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD A missed opportunity from 2010 that could have been so timely and brilliant that it's almost painful to watch.
FAIR Taken at surface level, The Joneses does succeed in presenting its attack on consumerism; and for that alone it sparks up talking points and will leave you to think about exactly why you bought the model of car or mobile phone you did.
BAD Plays it far too safe and ends up not saying anything at all.
FAIR Exceptionally thoughtful, not only in terms of consumerism, but when considering the value of compassion as well. Worth your hard earned money, no strings attached.
BAD We know by now that blatant, senseless consumption is bad, harmful even. But the biggest surprise about The Joneses is its skillful avoidance of any meaning or significance whatsoever.
FAIR A fine, sneaky satire ... undercut by an awful ending, one that smells as if someone (a corporation perhaps?) got their hands on it.
FAIR The film's fatal flaw is Borte's refusal to give his satire the darker, uncomfortable edge it needs to give his lesson some impact.
FAIR This cautionary tale depicts consumers who believe they deserve stuff, whether or not they can pay for it. Rarely is this kind of truth seen onscreen in such a subtle and entertaining film.
FAIR Every now and then a small, intelligent, quietly thought-provoking film slips through the Hollywood studios' net and prompts the thought, How did this ever get made?
FAIR It's a fine idea that could have made for a devastating critique of consumerism had Borte chosen to follow it through to a cynical, nihilistic conclusion.
FAIR An intriguing and timely satire about the increasingly insidious ways consumer culture tries to keep us spending even when we can't afford it.
GOOD A breezy satire on consumerism that takes a smart idea and develops it into an entertaining morality tale.
BAD It's a brilliant premise but wretchedly executed, as product placement becomes more important than the sly inherent satire of consumer conformity.
FAIR You could probably find similar suburban developments, and similar people living in them, in most if not all U.S. states and that jibes perfectly with the spirit of this film.
FAIR Here is a smart, entertaining satire on greed and materialism among America's leisured classes.
FAIR Any anti-materialistic movie from Hollywood - spiritual home of furtive product placement and dodgy role-models - deserves commendation for at least pretending to have its heart in the right place.
BAD It's not a bad idea, but just as you think you're watching a biting consumer satire, the plot instead descends into melodrama and soap operatics.
FAIR The Joneses never makes it into full on satire but is smart and clear enough in its setup not to have to spell out a message in some soapy conclusion.
BAD Interesting if not entirely successful.
FAIR Borte's conceit is a fun one to be in on, but basically too synthetic to have the satirical bite it wants -- it's more a playful fantasy of consumerist whim than an edgy expose.
FAIR A meta-satire that doesn't quite come off.
GOOD Ordinarily, I wouldn't have crossed the road to see Moore and Duchovny together, but their relationship works both before and after the film's outragous left-field twist.
GOOD Making good use of its excellent premise, this flawed gem deserves to find an audience.
GOOD The film doesn't just have its cake and eat it. It makes you want to upgrade that cake to a chic Laduree macaroon.
GOOD A seamless debut feature for Derrick Borte as writer, director and producer.
FAIR Moore and Duchovny's on-screen connection is sizzling and both stars excel in unravelling their hard-bitten characters' fragility.
BAD A good idea and good acting are ruined by a craven Hollywood Ending.
GOOD Hugely enjoyable and cleverly written, this is an impressively directed, thought-provoking comedy-drama with a pair of pitch-perfect performances from David Duchovny and Demi Moore.
FAIR There's a nicely cynical streak at the heart of The Joneses, until Borte goes soft and lets the audience off the hook.
GOOD Mr. Borte conjures up a pleasant Stepford that runs less on robotic conformity than on endless, anxious competition. The key to the film is that it allows this life to have some real appeal.
GOOD One of the best and simplest ideas for a film in a long time. It's too bad the ending doesn't compare with the rest of the film, but still a good time.
GOOD as slick as the sales philosophy of its characters tempered with a palpable anger at what Madison Avenue hath wrought
FAIR Writer-director Derrick Borte makes an impressive film debut that takes advantage of a familiarity with marketing consumer goods and seductive advertising.
FAIR A satire that pokes fun of the ruses that corporations are willing to undertake in order to get more people purchasing their products.
FAIR Evil, even evil that doesn't even realize how evil it is, has rarely looked so everyday.
BAD Taking place in a scary netherworld where up is down, black is white, and Steve Guttenberg, Rodney Dangerfield, Lori Loughlin, Pauly Shore, and Richard Moll still have careers.
BAD A total embarrassment; not Nimoy's best work behind the camera.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood? First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never allowed to really get angry with the kids, which severely hampers the comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film. Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel. I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's major events are very funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a great film, but it'll do. Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the worst part of this disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't pack the same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer. That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't be funny in small doses drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet? The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never passes up an opportunity to insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists. Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR 'That Thing You Do!' has an air of nostalgia and likeable characters that make us believe their story and their time, and a strong narrative backbeat to power this light musical comedy.
FAIR Sweet, sleepy take on flash-in-the-pan '60s band.
GOOD A movie as catchy and likable as the title song.
FAIR Whereas Dances With Wolves was an epic cultural tract, That Thing You Do! is a piece of entertaining bubblegum which, like its director, making his feature directorial debut, is high on charm and style.
FAIR A barely there-tale of rock 'n' roll dreams, driven by the infectious title tune.
GOOD With its exuberant tempo and danceable Beatlesque theme song, That Thing You Do will win the hearts of a broad audience.
FAIR Uma historia simples, contada de maneira tambem simples, que acaba agradando por suas boas intencoes.
BAD Hanks sacrificed character complexity, but at least some period details are right.
GOOD An amusing directorial debut by Hanks
FAIR Short on substance but long on charm, That Thing You Do! is a lively, entertaining fable about a makeshift rock 'n' roll band that enjoys a brief moment of fame in the summer of 1964.
FAIR Mr. Hanks's debut feature, written and directed with delightful good cheer, is rock-and-roll nostalgia presented as pure fizz.
GOOD Tom Hanks' writing-directing debut is a sweet valentine to rock 'n' roll.
FAIR Hanks has crafted a highly entertaining film. It's young cast are all superb
BAD passable entertainment, but still trite and superficial
GOOD Hanks or no Hanks this gem of a movie is definitely worth the time.
FAIR Without hauling in a lot of deep meanings, it remembers with great warmth a time and a place.
FAIR That Thing You Do! is a credible first effort.
BAD ...is a pleasant film perfect for a brain-dead matinee.
FAIR ...the film has a contagiously exuberant atmosphere, and you'll most likely leave the theater happily humming the title tune.
FAIR You will likely leave the theater feeling happy for no particular reason.
FAIR It may be too happy and sweet for the cynical crowd, sort of a "have a nice day" movie, but if feel good films are your fancy it would be hard to go wrong with this one.
FAIR It's a pleasant little film with a big profile, thanks to Tom Hanks, who wrote and directed and gave himself a plum role as the band's hard-nosed manager.
FAIR Has all the qualities you would associate with the most beloved screen actor of the moment: fun, lively, and oh-so-nice.
FAIR Hanks has good "Thing" going.
FAIR In his first effort at directing a feature film, Hanks chooses his material wisely and writes it with witty, beguiling charm.
FAIR ...a larky but observant comedy.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever. It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again. But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults. Maybe even another 'Babe'. Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults. Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter. Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una gran pelicula ni seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de esparcimiento familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't be garnering many devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties. Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious. It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid. It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the worst idea. Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt be cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough. But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child. But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't have what it takes to be a huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
BAD It's not that the film says, explicitly, 'science is bad and girls shouldn't be scientists'. It is much odder than that.
FAIR A few tense scenes add drama to family and friendship tale.
FAIR The artwork and backgrounds are so wonderful you could care less whether it's fairies onscreen or bullfrogs.
BAD Silly and glittery, with bog-standard animation, but efficient entertainment for the tweenie demographic.
FAIR The animation is crisp, if a touch generic, the voice cast convincing and the story wholesome without cloying too much.
FAIR Normal paint-and-brush animation. Normal Hollywood fairies, looking like Barbie and sounding like Valley High school graduates.
FAIR How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
FAIR a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
FAIR A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
FAIR Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
GOOD It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
BAD The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
GOOD The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
FAIR Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
GOOD It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
FAIR It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
BAD Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
FAIR Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
FAIR Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
FAIR An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
BAD Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
FAIR The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
BAD It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
BAD Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
FAIR It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
GOOD Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
FAIR As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
GOOD Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
BAD Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
FAIR Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic.
FAIR British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
BAD Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
BAD "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
FAIR As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
BAD The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
BAD Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
FAIR The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
FAIR This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
FAIR A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
BAD If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
BAD There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
BAD Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
FAIR "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
BAD The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
GOOD Live action/animated tale will amuse cartoon fans.
BAD Perfect fare for a 5-year-old on an Apple Jacks sugar high, but scarcely tolerable for anyone moving toward the Raisin Bran end of the aging spectrum.
FAIR Merece elogios por seu humor auto-referencial e, principalmente, por resgatar a insanidade das animacoes originais (ao contrario do fraco Space Jam).
FAIR ...neither offensive nor inspiring. It's undoubtedly fun for kids, but except for its occasional in-jokes there isn't all that much to excite the funny bone of an adult.
BAD Bursts with energy but not inspiration.
BAD Joe Dante & Warner Brothers destroy more of our childhood memories.
GOOD For anyone reared on the stuff, Looney Tunes: Back in Action is sweet anarchy.
GOOD It's the cleverest mix of animation and live action since Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
BAD ..far too much importance is placed on the live action characters, who in contrast look like they should be spectators at a who's-who reunion of animated superstars.
BAD Falls back on movie in-jokes that are often unfunny, while the amusing spoofs are irrelevant because they're not even Warner Bros films!
BAD This isn't an imaginative rebellion against the physical world like the old cartoons; it's the anarchy of animation, which isn't nearly as fun.
BAD Jenna Elfman needs to be in more movies and Brendan Fraiser, who should have gotten an Oscar for at least two movies I can think of, is underused even though he's in most of the scenes.
GOOD Dante revives the possibilities of widescreen humor ... literally leapfrogging across time and the cosmos to achieve profundity through expertly controlled chaos.
FAIR Ultimately, kids will enjoy it, even if they don't get some of the inside jokes, but it somehow lacks the edge of the short cartoons.
BAD The satire becomes unfocused without a driving force behind it, and the adventure is the stuff of which so many movies have touched upon before.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis isn't a Hal Walker, but Joe Dante's right up there with Tashlin, Avery, and Jones.
FAIR Much of the movie magic fades during the stilted cartoon-human relations.
FAIR As the Tasmanian Devil would move were he mainlining caffeine, so does this blend of live-action and animation. It's sweet and subversive, just like Looney Tunes should be.
FAIR Not for the uninitiated, but within its own established universe, it's as logical as a Pepe Le Pew fragrance line.
BAD While the affection for the originals is really refreshing, Looney Tunes: Back in Action still stumbles over some formidable hurdles.
FAIR I take issue with the whole concept of humans interacting with these characters.
BAD Dante favors the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach to this Warner Bros. nostalgia trip when funny-and-affectionate would have worked better.
FAIR Dante's much more confident in this combined world of animation and live-action than we saw in the interesting but uneven Small Soldiers.
GOOD It's flat-out comedy all the way, head-spinningly clever (you'll be talking about a sequence set in the Louvre for weeks) and always engaging.
GOOD OK...are you sure you're old enough to be reading this movie review?
FAIR The film's appeal is universal, much as the appeal of the Looney Tunes characters is universal.
GOOD Both a highly personal work and a hugely entertaining ride.
GOOD Doesn't perfectly capture the manic energy of the old WB cartoons, but it comes pretty ... close, which is fairly impressive in this age of corporate-filmmaking-by-blueprint.
FAIR Looney Tunes have always had an anarchic sense of humor. Setting them loose on Hollywood was nothing less than inspired.
FAIR It's Bugs and Daffy that carry this riotous, everything-and- the-kitchen-sink film.
FAIR ...a lot more fun than Space Jam.
GOOD Dante's third unqualified masterpiece. A freeform outburst of satire and mayhem that stays true to the spirit of the old time Warner Brothers Looney Tunes.
GOOD Looney Tunes: Back in Action keeps both adults and children laughing, but at completely different things.
BAD Dante's loose-minded narrative comes across more as a marketing ploy than it does a festive flick... somewhat strained and overreaches for its intended frivolity.
FAIR Where (director Joe) Dante, along with screenwriter Larry Doyle, a former Simpsons writer, succeed is in keeping the animated actors in character.
FAIR A movie bursting with energy and sheer creativity.
GOOD Coming of age tale tackles death; for older kids.
BAD Dreadful coming of age movie about kids and death. Kudos for the effort, but it's just depressing.
GOOD The ultimate tearjerker. Proof positive that Mac still has what it takes for a comeback!
FAIR Syrupy sweet, but just this side of watchable.
BAD Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs.
BAD ...unapologetically geared towards younger viewers...
FAIR All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet, kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll.
FAIR You'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest, which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it.
FAIR In Thor Freudenthal's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan's book, the strays aren't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who're aw-shucks cute.
FAIR So, never work with children and animals, eh?
BAD Ate mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow, dois interpretes normalmente confiaveis, parecem estar no piloto automatico nesta producao que tem, como unico atrativo, os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas.
BAD The dogs are never quite as entertaining as they should be for the kids in the audience, and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters.
BAD Anodyne family fare, Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers.
FAIR Cheerful family-com.
BAD Everyone needs love and a home, whether kids or animals, is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids' movie.
BAD The schmaltz is laid on thick, but kids love this sort of stuff and, refreshingly, the dog bits are done the old-fashioned, fun way: with animal trainers rather than CGI.
FAIR Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
BAD Kids could do worse than check in at the two- star Hotel For Dogs this half-term.
FAIR It is a nice blend of slapstick fun, a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters.
BAD Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation.
FAIR True, there's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles, but credibility's secondary when you've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff.
FAIR All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
BAD It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment. Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.
FAIR Cute, silly family fare from Nickelodeon.
BAD Full of cute mutts and daft ideas, you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions.
FAIR If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua, this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt be the mutt's nuts.
BAD At the start, Kudrow's character tells the time-wasting kids, "You owe me 30 seconds of my life." I'm owed rather more.
FAIR Whilst not as funny as it could have been, Hotel For Dogs gets by on sheer charm, thanks to a likeable cast, a decent script, pacey direction and a high cuteness factor.
FAIR Although it's not quite as consistently engaging or funny as it could be, this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
FAIR The real stars of this movie are not the notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids. The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder (Kevin Dillon) and his sidekick chick Lois (Lisa Kudrow).
BAD Corny and silly...with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack.
FAIR Well, it's just so doggone cute.
FAIR Hotel for Dogs" is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film, suitable for any dog lover such as myself...
BAD The images are cluttered and murky, the comic rhythms falter, and the adult humans in the cast, including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle, seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs.
FAIR All in all it's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids.
FAIR I was really hoping there'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth's Hostel for Dogs.
BAD The animal side of the movie is great; the human side not so great.
BAD never feels more than surface, more than flash.
BAD Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids.
FAIR Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit, but the kindness-promoting message (think of the 'Shelter Stories' interludes in the newspaper comic strip 'Mutts') is welcome.
FAIR Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to like 30 highly trained stunt dogs. You won't be howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
BAD Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality, but every so often, the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids. That's when I'd lose interest.
FAIR Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy.
BAD The human dramas are less involving [than the dogs'], and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr. Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations. The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
BAD A bad sit-com of a movie.
BAD One completely unwatchable piece of bottom-feeding dreck.
BAD Formulaic and deeply unfunny.
BAD A kiddie comedy that's about as entertaining as treating diaper rash
BAD I'm still clawing out my eyes.
BAD Thanks to computers, we have seen some dazzling special effects in films lately, but even the best medicines can have unwanted side effects.
BAD Clark has made several terrific films, this is not one of them.
BAD You know, usually I expect the studios to dump all their cinematic turds in January but, man, it's March already and I'm still sitting through this stuff.
BAD Sometimes it truly is shocking to witness how bad a movie can be. (And the sequel is even WORSE! How!?!)
FAIR With the recent popularity of baby-themed shows, this film has perfect timing. Younger patrons will be drawn into the fantasy, while the humor is sufficient to keep adults interested.
BAD The movie is about as endearing as unanesthetized gum surgery.
BAD ..absolute cinematic torture; a maniacal insult to the foundation that humanity is made upon...
BAD This is a film so completely bankrupt of ideas that the last few minutes are composed entirely of short clips from elsewhere in the film...as if anyone would want to relive this travesty, even in the form of bite-sized none sequiturs.
BAD Easily one of the worst films in years.
BAD shares with most of Clark's other films an utter lack of taste and a genuinely ugly look; not only is the movie less funny than a case of diaper rash, it's even less picturesque.
BAD The film is short -- so short that they tacked a sentimental little music video on the end and still it finishes in plenty of time for you to go find a real baby and appreciate the far more entertaining and exciting reality of babyhood.
BAD Bad films are easy to make, but a film as unpleasant as Baby Geniuses achieves a kind of grandeur.
BAD I'll admit to chuckling a few times during the proceedings, but it's not worth losing 1 1/2 hours of one's life for a few minutes of amusement.
BAD One way to get through Baby Geniuses is to think about whether it really is the worst movie you've ever seen. Probably not, but pretty darn close.
BAD Baby Geniuses is the best argument for stronger child labor laws since the Olsen twins.
BAD The film has a freak-show quality.
BAD By the time the tiresome, surprisingly violent climax began, the last nail had already been hammered in this unfortunate film's coffin.
BAD Is it possible for a movie to be insulting from beginning to end, without pause at all along the way? As it turns out, yes indeed!
BAD Baby Geniuses doesn't waste any time getting stupid.
BAD Instead of sending up the current glut of serial-killer movies, the filmmakers trot out the old slasher tactics.
BAD Every convention of the old slasher film is here, including some incredibly stupid motivation, hastily sketched characters and incomprehensible plot twists.
BAD I'd say everybody associated with this film-from unrelenting series producer Moustapha Akkad on down-could do with a good checkup.
FAIR Much maligned yet quite underrated...
BAD Bogged down by ridiculous plotting involving warlocks, druids and Thorn that have no place in a movie about a villain who is supposed to be 'purely and simply evil.'
BAD The series' nadir...nothing but a delivery system for murder and half-glimpses of naked women.
BAD The film is so dark -- literally -- it's often hard to see what's going on.
BAD The revelation of the Man in Black and the film's attempt to explain the origin of Michael Myers were the only points of interest here.
FAIR A return to form for the franchise....scares aplenty
BAD Although the series has obviously run out of steam, the ending leaves the door open for Michael's return. Really, it's about time the masks were removed once and for and all.
BAD Ah, skip it.
BAD Muddled sequel redeemed in part by Pleasence.
BAD Yet another sequel no-one needed; too bad Donald Pleasance didn't stick around long enough to live it down.
BAD Thus proving, yet again, what an amazing job Carpenter did on the original.
BAD As with most horror sequels, plot and narrative development are predictable.
BAD At least we care about these characters, even if we can't always make heads or tails out of what is happening.
BAD The film's conclusion is, naturally, open-ended, to allow for Halloween 7, which will probably be subtitled Michael Myers Does a Pepsi Commercial.
BAD This sixth installment, by far the worst in the series, is bland and deadening.
BAD There isn't a floorboard that doesn't creak, a person who doesn't hesitate to go down the basement, a killing that isn't telegraphed by scary music and laughable attempts at tension.
BAD Needless to say, the gore level is high and the scare level low -- although not as low as the intelligence level.
BAD The less said about this sixth entry in the Halloween series, the better.
GOOD Rightfully a ballgame classic, this is sentimental nonsense, sure, but charmingly so.
GOOD This fantasy drama from director Phil Alden Robinson is a delightful blend of the blind-fate story and the more fanciful feel-good corn of Frank Capra.
FAIR Field of Dreams isn't a home run. It's more like a suicide squeeze: if it hadn't been perfectly executed, it wouldn't have worked. But as they say in baseball, a run is a run.
FAIR The sentimentality, of which there is plenty, is nicely balanced by a humor of ironic pragmatism, as when Ray, having built his baseball field as a monument to human dreams, decides to charge tourists $20 a head to visit it.
GOOD Too idiosyncratic and witty merely to wallow in sentimentality, Field Of Dreams will surely stand as a classic update of what made Old Hollywood so magical. It's still a wonderful life.
FAIR Instant baseball classic for whole family.
GOOD Widely regarded as a modern populist classic, the film is both a fabulist fable and a celebratory baseball movie that acknowledges scandal within the sport but also the game's transcendent ability to rise above attempts to damage its integrity. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One of the best films of the 80s
FAIR A rare choke-up movie for guys and one of 1989's biggest hits.
GOOD Quite simply one of the best sports movies ever.
GOOD A movie for a thorough tear-duct cleansing - the only film that makes tears stream down the cheeks of this hardened critic, and it gets me at least twice every time.
GOOD Robinson's whimsical sports saga is nostalgically engaging...guaranteed to load the bases with sentimentality
FAIR Anyone who loves their father or baseball -- or both -- will find it difficult -- no, impossible -- to resist this hokey, wonderful film.
GOOD Say what you want about Kevin Costner, but you can't say he never played Jesus Christ.
GOOD Original and moving fantasy about the things that make guys tear up.
GOOD One of the best baseballmovies off all time
GOOD The finest and most sentimental baseball movie ever made. If the ending doesn't bring tears to your eyes, you are made of stone. A must-see.
FAIR If you're in the right mood this movie will bring a tear to your eye.
GOOD Quaint, amusing and charming little baseball parable.
FAIR A manipulative but still moving look at the power of myths.
GOOD Kevin Costner nunca esteve tao bem como em 'Campo dos Sonhos'.
FAIR The themes of this movie are dreams, family, and baseball.
GOOD This film isn't just for baseball fans and soft touches. It's also for people who've experienced loss and want, just for a few minutes, to dream of regaining what was lost.
GOOD A magical, often funny, utterly delightful movie, one that will stay with you for some time to come.
GOOD Field of Dreams will not appeal to grinches and grouches and realists. It is a delicate movie, a fragile construction of one goofy fantasy after another. But it has the courage to be about exactly what it promises.
BAD A cringe-worthy crude comedy that has more bark than bite.
BAD Heartless, brainless and unable to do anything with what it does have to offer, Old Dogs doesn't know who it's for or what it's offering. It just needs to get made because people have to have something to do. Spare yourself and your kids.
BAD John Travolta and Robin Williams are no strangers to shamelessness. But not even they can walk away from "Old Dogs" with a shred of dignity - a mean-spirited, insulting "family" film that essentially pees down its leg and calls it comedy.
BAD Um embaraco para todos os envolvidos - inclusive o publico.
BAD It's aggressively awful, and manages to push its worst gags so numbingly off the scale that we're left slack-jawed in disbelief
BAD A trip to the vets is needed, to have this dog of a movie, quietly put down.
BAD Both Williams and Travolta mug furiously and the kids need locking up.
BAD [Travolta and Williams] engage in a torrent of slapstick set-ups that are neither witty nor funny.
BAD You've never experienced horror until you've seen Robin Williams in a Speedo getting a spray tan.
BAD A slapdash embarrassment of feeble age gags and cultural stereotypes, Old Dogs is at once crass, corny, amateurish, insulting, uninspired, deeply phoney and extraordinarily unfunny.
BAD It's perhaps wise to avoid this movie at all costs.
BAD Old Dogs is a milestone in the [Travolta's] career, the moment when he trumped Battlefield Earth to make the worst film of his life.
BAD At the screening I attended I didn't hear one person laugh, though I did hear plenty of involuntary sighs and groans, some of them emanating from myself.
BAD Dumb and painfully unfunny.
BAD The pickings are slim going on invisible.
BAD Most repellent is the undercurrent of homophobia, the brutal cultural stereotyping and the fact that Travolta looks like a man wearing a slightly melted rubber John Travolta Hallowe'en mask.
BAD This is easily the worst film of the year so far, and frankly last year too. It is embarrassingly, painfully unfunny.
BAD This is imbecilic hooey of the rarest breed.
BAD Which is better, a soulless life of work and striving for money, or a joyous embrace of family and kids in all their gorgeous life-affirming messiness?
BAD Being a film critic is a wonderful job, but there are weeks when the bad film delirium strikes and we'd all be better off in straitjackets.
BAD Utterly abysmal, entirely laugh-free and hideously embarrassing.
BAD It's a two-ton nuclear warhead of aggressive lameness, a hard, pounding rain of flop sweat and triteness and depression.
BAD A Travolta family effort for laughs through blatant illogic and human behavior that has no link to the real thing.
BAD Old Dogs' astonishing lack of laughs remains its biggest deficiency...
FAIR Those expecting new tricks or even vaguely inventive laughs from Old Dogs or its two waning stars should heed the obvious cliche.
BAD The movie is never remotely funny, but it excels at being creepy.
BAD Getting your uvula pierced would be less painful than watching Old Dogs.
BAD A weary hound of a movie.
BAD Old Dogs is -- quite simply -- the nadir of filmmaking.
BAD Nobody taught these "Old Dogs" any new tricks for this seen it all before film
BAD Add scary music, and some scenes could come straight from a horror movie, with no need for re-editing, as when Williams is trapped in a tanning booth, or when Williams slams a car trunk's lid onto a woman's arms, like Terry O'Quinn did in 'Stepfather 2.'
BAD Why do once great actors attach themselves to a dog of a picture like this? Surely they still have standards? Alas, their judgment seems to be fading . . .
BAD The dearth of laughs in this unspeakably awful comedy borders on embarrassing at times.
BAD Here's a Thanksgiving turkey that was rancid as soon as the idea was cooked up.
BAD Let's hope that kills any chance for another film of this ilk, probably called Cool Frogs or something horrid like that.
BAD Based on the quality of its script, 'Old Dogs' should have been put to sleep before the cameras started rolling.
BAD A painfully unfunny attempt at comedy filled with lazy, juvenile, forced humor that's an insult to everyone's intelligence.
BAD a strong cast fighting a script that is labored, stale, and obvious
BAD Might be best just to let these sleeping Old Dogs lie. This incredibly loony comedy sort of demeans everyone involved.
FAIR "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" is light, airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy.
BAD It's a harmless, lighthearted film with wooden acting, a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again, lots of ridiculous CGI.
BAD The only defense for this movie is to say that it's not actually 'trying' to be good ... Are we supposed to applaud just because they set the bar low and barely reached it?
BAD But Journey 2 delivers a flashy and eye opening adventure product, with each cast member stepping forward to steal particular scenes.
FAIR The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it. Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is charming, in spite of its imperfections.
BAD Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters, but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get.
BAD ...a family adventure aimed squarely at children. For kids, it's fine; they'll probably enjoy all the color, action, and preposterous goings-on.
BAD Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations.
BAD Amusingly childish...
FAIR It's all a bit silly. But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls.
BAD Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson's 'pec pop of love' -- almost immediately forgettable.
FAIR Silly, colorful, harmless and fun.
BAD It lost me at the bees. 'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne, in a similar vein as its predecessor, 'Journey to the Center of the Earth.'
BAD Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title.
FAIR With only occasionally awesome CGI, it's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD.
FAIR ... everybody seems to be having fun ...
BAD It's only mediocre, and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that.
BAD Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick "The Swarm."
FAIR A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing.
BAD A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2: The Mysterious Island's frame.
BAD Family values trump suspense, fun, and, of course, mystery.
FAIR Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth, like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island.
BAD The island is disintegrating. You know no one is in any real danger. The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush.
BAD Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel. Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping, and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure.
GOOD Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary, but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never gory.
BAD I would love to support a "dumbed down" version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book. But does it have to be this far down? And this dumb?
BAD Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson, who fits the same description.
BAD I swear some of the giant, Day-Glo vegetation had "Property of 'Lost in Space'" stamped on it.
FAIR Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie. That's not a bad thing at all.
FAIR The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero, with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle.
BAD You know we're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman can't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script.
BAD Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to make it fly.
FAIR Warm-hearted animated elf story with mild violence.
BAD On this evidence, Santa's sadly not worth saving.
FAIR The colourful, simplified computer-generated animation will be easy on the eye for youngsters ( ... ) that the singing is sometimes less polished than parts of Mamma Mia! won't matter to older toddlers.
BAD I watched it with a nine-year-old who said: "This film is so annoying I want to kick it!"
BAD Voiced by a recognisable cast, Saving Santa is a pleasant and well-timed festive animation, but its unsophisticated storyline, general lack of humour and substandard soundtrack ultimately let it down.
FAIR The movie benefits from an air of earnest goodwill and well-turned performances.
FAIR The film refreshingly portrays its kids as part of a diverse group trying to succeed in a country in which they can never find secure footing.
BAD Spare Parts tries too hard to be a based-on-a-true-story, feel-good, crowd-pleasing, triumph-of-the-underdogs movie.
GOOD It's these moments that elevate American Sniper beyond a jingoistic refrain and into a relevant reminder of the sacrifice of war, even to its biggest heroes.
FAIR True story about underdog teens is predictable but sweet.
BAD Puts a nice heart in a rusty vehicle.
BAD In the end, "Spare Parts" proves to be more exhausting than it is inspiring.
FAIR At times, Spare Parts sails perilously close to the saccharine. But the film is a fine example of a message movie that does justice both to its important subject matter and to its characters' inner lives.
BAD Spare Parts stands and delivers on its own intriguing merits.
BAD Though based on a true story, "Spare Parts," like every other studio product, rehashes cliches from other movies so as not to unduly challenge the audience.
FAIR The characters in "Spare Parts" all go through changes that are true to many immigrants' decidedly mixed experiences in the American melting pot.
BAD If "Stand and Deliver" struck many as a hard-hitting look at life in the urban ghetto, "Spare Parts" seems like a Disney after-school special by comparison.
BAD Derivative, overlong, a bit humor-starved, but watchable -- a "Race With the Sun" with robots
FAIR "Spare Parts" is the kind of feel-good underdog movie that almost can't help getting waylaid by cliches. Happily, the real story is strong enough - and unlikely enough - to overcome most of those kinds of problems.
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring. And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't look like a cartoon... It's a fairy tale world that seems to sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all. It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR . The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale. So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling. It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not only for the handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
FAIR Tolkien fans, who are familiar with novels, will find it enjoyble, while others may be confused by the action.
GOOD What most people remember is the mix of the live-action tracing within the traditional animation and just how effectively creepy it managed to be, but for the time this did a pretty good job of adapting the dense novels.
BAD It's a reckless film, blitzing through some plot points and stalling out over others; the lack of a particular rhythm does not do it any favors, and it is certainly not a fast 133 minutes.
BAD Animated adventure too dated and dark for younger kids.
FAIR The live action version trumps it in every conceivable way; there simply is no comparison. And yet Middle Earth is still better off for its presence.
GOOD ... in retrospect it feels like an elegant, appropriately sized adaptation - with some beautiful animation work.
FAIR The film is visually compelling even when murk overtakes the narrative.
FAIR Falls far short of the charm and sweep of the original story.
BAD ...a noble effort, original in concept if disappointing in execution.
FAIR The hobbits all look like Joey Lawrence -- what's up with that?
GOOD An atmospheric fairytale romp across the landscapes of Tolkien's imagination.
BAD I didn't like this film version of Lord of Rings. If it's any comfort, fans won't like it either.
FAIR Quite interesting and rather original.
