FAIR Begin Again is a delight, not only because of its infectious musical vitality but because it follows the unexpected forks in the road.
FAIR It's not nearly as good as "Once" but still very charming and entertaining.
FAIR John Carney's retread never gets close to replicating the stunning emotional core of Once. But for those seeing Begin Again from a fresh perspective, it's ( ... ) a more light-hearted ( ... ) alternative to the Coen Bros' Inside Llewyn Davis.
FAIR The best thing about 'Begin Again' is what it's not. It's not a love story, or at least not a conventional love story; it's more of a friendship story between a man and a woman, which is something we almost never see in movies.
FAIR I've seen happier endings in Oklahoma! and Singin' in the Rain, but this one feels genuine - and in an unexpected way, deeply satisfying.
FAIR Knightley (supplying her own vocals, more than just competently so, by the way) and Ruffalo have a casual chemistry that works, and Levine is (perhaps unsurprisingly) totally right as a self-absorbed jerk.
GOOD I really enjoyed this. It's such a nice surprise, because so many so-called feel-good romantic comedies these days are pretty ordinary but there's something special about this because there's a level of reality to it in the performances in the situations.
GOOD There's a freshness to this film.
GOOD Bonds born out of art, and specifically music, are nothing new in the movies, but Carney conveys the uniquely exhilarating romance of the creative process behind art like no other filmmaker.
GOOD John Carney is not afraid of a cliche. After all, Begin Again is a musical, a genre that has always thrived on them. And he does know how to shape them to his own design, which is low-key and slightly tongue-in-cheek.
FAIR Thankfully Begin Again doesn't take the predictable routes; it seems to actively reject the easy romantic tropes.
GOOD People who love music, people who love great films, and people who love both, are sure to love 'Begin Again,' an exquisite film by John Carney, who wrought the equally superb 'Once.'
FAIR You'll find a mismatched pair to pull for and a lot of sincerity in this musical romance by the creator of Once.
GOOD In its best moments - which are not infrequent - is appealing mostly on the backs of watching interesting, capable people going on with their business in an engaged, focused manner.
GOOD This is the kind of film that lifts your spirits. If you've had a bad day or are generally feeling down, it will cheer you up. If you're already feeling happy, it will make you even happier.
FAIR ...breezy and consistently watchable...
GOOD a light and dancing comedy about fresh starts
FAIR A mostly pleasant but deeply flawed little film that gets by on its stars and a sense of generosity.
GOOD I found it moving, funny and really rather charming, provoking more than enough laughter and tears to dispel my underlying anxieties about the "live" performances.
FAIR The wholesome, hopeful, let's-put-on-a-show enthusiasm may sound hokey but it's actually infectiously joyful. At the same time, Carney roughs up the edges just enough to make this fairy tale seem somewhat accessible and realistic.
GOOD The result is a film that, while fitting into various great traditions, still bears the unmistakable thumbprint of a singular film-maker.
GOOD Carney's latest isn't quite the equal of Once, but who could have twice bottled that lightning?
FAIR Irish writer-director John Carney is a master at depicting musicians on the cusp of something special.
FAIR This soulful outing is sure to please music lovers. And isn't that everyone?
GOOD Keira Knightley sings and so does the movie!
GOOD A decent feel-good flick that features also decent music. The real reason to see it is the acting especially that of Mark Ruffalo who gives a career best performance.
GOOD A cheery charmer that brings a smile to the face.
GOOD Fans of Once - or, indeed, anyone with a heart - will be swept away by the gentle, sweet-but-sad story.
FAIR Begin Again is a not-entirely-successful movie about not selling out; it's a theme that must concern Carney deeply.
GOOD It's a movie that is painfully sincere and free of guile, with as close to a happy ending as these characters could ever get. If you like musicals, well, here's a good one.
FAIR The gentle lightning of Once doesn't strike twice for Carney, but his latest music movie has charm beneath its slick surface - and Knightley and Ruffalo harmonise just fine.
FAIR Keira Knightley plays Greta, a Norah Jones-like singer-songwriter... It's a typically brave performance from an actress who is always prepared to try anything.
FAIR At times, the scenes are so canned they feel like soap opera. But the movie does have its fair share of decent moments thanks to Ruffalo and co-star Catherine Keener.
BAD It's all a bit easy - though quite nicely performed - and Knightley is never entirely convincing ...
FAIR Can a meaningful glance mean as much as a kiss? In this film, it can, and that's enough.
FAIR No matter how thin the drama, or thick the performances, the film's firefly-in-a-jar, midsummer night's whimsy and heart-on-its-sleeve optimism hath charms ...
FAIR Keira Knightley brings a sweet soul to John Carney's delightful sort-of sequel to his low-fi hit, Once.
FAIR The film is a fairy tale: sentimental but enjoyable if you put a few protective fingers in front of your face to avoid being slurped to death.
BAD John Carney returns with another feature-length music video, turning the surprising charm of his debut, Once, a novel take on the modern musical romance, into a shameless gimmick. Just call it Twice.
FAIR Knightley's bullish Britishness and Ruffalo's bruised charm provide a pleasingly gentle, unsentimental chemistry and, heck, there's even James Corden on a kazoo.
BAD It is a huge missed opportunity on Crowe's part. In his attempt to show the best traits of a band he is obviously very enamored with, he's wound up with a pretty lackluster film.
GOOD Very few music documentaries in the history of the form have more successfully conveyed the inner workings and outer artistic expression of a band than Cameron Crowe's brilliant Pearl Jam Twenty.
FAIR [Crowe] merely wants to capture the personalities, the songs and the shows.
FAIR With noticeable gaps between the telling of its first decade and its second, Pearl Jam Twenty didn't necessarily need to be a feature, but is a really lovely fan letter to a band that's worked hard for the devotion and respect it receives.
FAIR With its intimacy and (this can't be emphasized enough) fantastic sound, Pearl Jam Twenty is like two hours spent rediscovering the band through excellent headphones.
BAD If only it was about something other than rockers almost irked they got famous.
FAIR In a better film, Crowe would have played journalist instead of fan boy.
FAIR By the time "Pearl Jam Twenty" is over we can't help but be impressed by the kind of personal and professional integrity that has kept the band honest and allowed them to endure and prosper.
FAIR While the movie may not have the insight of D. A. Pennebaker's "Don't Look Back" or even Phil Joanou's U2 travelogue, "Rattle and Hum," Pearl Jam devotees will not go home musically unnourished.
GOOD If Pearl Jam Twenty has its share of hyperbole, it's leavened with humor, self-deprecating commentary, and a deep-pockets budget's worth of great clips.
GOOD A great introduction to the band as well as a great recap for the fans who have been there all along the way.
GOOD For the biggest fans, it may be the single best movie going experience you will have this year
BAD Cameron Crowe's chronicle of the Seattle grunge quintet's first two decades is undeniably thorough - even offshoot Temple of the Dog gets the spotlight - but it's also weirdly self-aggrandizing.
FAIR Any enterprise like this is inherently self-congratulatory, but the film is best considered from Crowe's perspective: that of a fan.
FAIR A loving, gracefully crafted retrospective that shrewdly eschews Behind the Music conventions at most turns.
FAIR Despite surrendering to sentimental fandom, Crowe thoughtfully touches on greyer areas...
FAIR Entertaining, well made documentary that's a treat for fans thanks to its wealth of rarely seen footage and newly filmed interviews...
FAIR The music's the thing and Crowe lets it rip.
BAD Vedder is charming, his band rather bland. As trips down memory lane go, it's a bit of a trudge.
FAIR Fans will love this energetic documentary tracing more than two decades of the infamous grunge band. But while the film is packed with terrific footage, it's too worshipful for non-fans to take seriously.
BAD A deadly combination of fanboy, friend, and Richie Cunningham, Crowe has zero objectivity about the band
GOOD Nothing is put together for you, but all the pieces of the puzzle are there for you to create what you want. It's refreshing to see a movie that is completely out of the box, and doesn't follow any present forumla. THE WALL is a great rock opera.
GOOD Visually stunning and disturbing, an essential midnight movie.
GOOD A stunning portrayal of a slide from isolation into madness. And the music rocks, too--bonus.
BAD One of Alan Parker's few truly bad movies.
GOOD Visually stunning yet strangely forced tale.
FAIR dated and self-aggrandizing but a watershed
BAD Good music. Sick imagery.
GOOD A midnight movie classic!
BAD It's probably best to think of the film as an extended music video, a watershed moment for movie sound tracks, and not much more.
FAIR ...there is so much good music involved...it easily distracts one's mind from the clunky histrionics.
BAD The musical performances are memorable, everything else is forgettable
BAD Bland Prince vehicle that takes itself far too seriously.
FAIR intriguingly well-told story
BAD Those who are looking for a two-hour music video with a coherent story will not be disappointed.
GOOD The performers have a bit of a wink behind their performances, and so the artificiality meshes together neatly.
BAD Purple Rain shares a trump card--its set list--with casual Prince fans, who are advised to reach for the soundtrack album instead.
FAIR Purple Rain's gazillion-selling soundtrack album has more or less eclipsed the film in pop culture history books.
FAIR Short people of Hollywood...DANCE!
GOOD it isn't much of a movie, but it's one hell of a show
GOOD A classic '80s rock movie, whose soundtrack was perhaps the best album of the decade.
FAIR Prince is one of the most talented musicians of our time. His movie doesn't quite reflect that, but it's in Minneapolis, so it's cool.
FAIR So-so picture that is most notable for the terrific musical sequences featuring Prince and his band.
FAIR You'll have a rockin' good time!
BAD Where are all those people who called this "the Citizen Kane of rock movies" hiding?
FAIR Great music, mediocre plot and acting.
BAD Although there are plenty of positive, feel-good elements to this movie, they are outweighed by missed opportunities to do something more valuable.
FAIR As a romantic comedy...neither exceptional nor groundbreaking. But as a musical, the movie bursts with foot-stomping, arm-swaying, finger-snapping gospel music.
GOOD The Fighting Temptations is a movie that will soften even the most cynical moviegoer. You can see most of it coming a mile away, and it still works.
FAIR All about the music, and you'd have to be truly tone-deaf not to respond to its soaring harmonies and spirited spirituality.
BAD It feels more like an artificial fable than a story we can sink our teeth into.
FAIR Cuba Gooding Jr. [is] so animated a performer that he even appears to be overacting on this movie's poster.
BAD This film would have been better with a lot more gospel and a lot less Gooding.
BAD Gooding is on a downward spiral, but The Fighting Temptations is at least a step above Snow Dogs and several above the inexcusably offensive Boat Trip.
BAD Fight the temptation to look for anything more than good music in this movie.
BAD The lack of gross-out moments is refreshing, as is the way that it never sacrifices its character-driven plot to a discordant comic set piece.
FAIR Crowd-pleasing but shoddy... During a funeral scene, the corpse can clearly be seen breathing...
BAD Is The Fighting Temptations a washed up comedy or a monotonous musical?
BAD Cuba Gooding Jr. once again (shows) he and comedy do not belong in the same area code (and, come to think of it, after 'Boat Trip,' did anyone need further evidence?).
FAIR I wish the writers had been tempted to write a better story.
BAD The filmmakers seem to have meant to offer up a spiritual message about community and faith, but it's muddled and hard to find with romance, comedy and phenomenal gospel performances all fighting for the spotlight.
FAIR Has practically nothing to recommend it save its music: Take that away and Jonathan Lynn's movie is as ordinary as an unsold TV pilot episode. But what music.
FAIR I've looked forward to Cuba Gooding Jr. movies as eagerly as I anticipate SPAM, but The Fighting Temptations breaks his streak of crumminess.
BAD If you're a gospel lover, you can probably overlook the technical flaws, especially if you see it in a crowded and enthusiastic theater.
FAIR The Fighting Temptations exists for its rousing gospel soundtrack, which is at times so good that you can forgive the movie its flaws.
FAIR The music is glorious.
BAD Can this career be saved? After watching The Fighting Temptations, you may feel that Cuba Gooding Jr.'s may not.
GOOD The most tuneful gospel movie since Say Amen, Somebody.
BAD A woefully thin and pointless musical comedy.
BAD The story is slapdash and most of the jokes are lame, but music by the Reverend Shirley Caesar and the Blind Boys of Alabama lends fleeting touches of a grace that's, um, amazing.
BAD It's not graceful. It's not smart. But it's sweet and cute, and that will do until a real romantic comedy comes along.
BAD A messy, sprawling family barbecue of a movie that barely gets by on salesmanship, energy and maybe more than a little chicanery.
FAIR A hoot and a holler.
FAIR A raucous gospel comedy that's as broad as co-star Beyonce Knowles' vowels and chockablock with foot-stomping, up-with-the-choir music that will have even atheists praising the Lord.
FAIR Its musical sequences could make the most hardened atheist want to go to church.
BAD When anyone opens their mouth to sing, it's good; when anyone opens their mouth to talk, it's bad.
FAIR This movie is an 'everybody's welcome' temple to the synergies of both old and new musics.
FAIR The hit-and-run effect sometimes suggests a documentary equivalent to slam dancing, but without the bruises.
GOOD AmericanHardcore ! Aboutboredstupidyouth! Didn'tliketheNewWave ! Gomoshin'fortruth ! Can'tfindtruth ! Can'tfindgrace ! SettleforHenryRollins! Punchin'dudesintheface !
FAIR While this documentary features rare performance footage of hard-core punk-rock bands Black Flag and Bad Brains, it's not exactly the best-assembled or deepest cinematic exploration of the subject.
FAIR ... an enjoyable if incomplete nostalgia trip.
FAIR Rachman's concert footage confirms that the music was unique: bruising, chaotic and blisteringly electric.
FAIR "American Hardcore" harkens back to the time when punk rockers were actual punks, not whining, prefabricated MTV pretty boys.
FAIR Crammed with grainy, shot-on-the-fly mid-Eighties video footage, recent interviews, and a genuine love for its subject, American Hardcore encapsulates a largely forgotten moment in maximum rock & roll history.
FAIR American Hardcore, Paul Rachman's impressively thorough documentary, tells of the second-generation punk rockers who learned from the Sex Pistols and Ramones and then did their DIY thing.
FAIR American Hardcore gets what most music lovers could not at the time: Sometimes, that noise in your head and that anger in your heart just has to get out, and there's always a guitar around somewhere.
BAD For the record, Rachman's punk-rockology has its cracks. While he worships at the altar of Henry Rollins and Black Flag, he excludes such key West Coast bands as X and the Dead Kennedys.
BAD Instead of an insightful look at disaffected youths finding an outlet for angry energy in rock rages, American Hardcore is a slanted history lesson coming solely from its subjects.
BAD What's irritating about the movie is how much time it spends on empty nostalgia -- shouldn't real punks scorn reminiscing? -- and how little time it spends truly exploring the roots of America's punk prime in the early 1980s.
BAD Hardcore could have done with a little more self-criticism instead of self-congratulation, a little more outside commentary as opposed to inner-circle ramblings.
FAIR Leaves little doubt that this truly was one of the wildest eras in rock.
BAD You can come away feeling bruised and half-deaf.
FAIR An energetic and grandly entertaining tribute to a short-lived period of early-'80s punk rock.
FAIR The movie is hazy about dates and names but bracing in its depiction of young people who made music because they loved it, not because they thought it would make them rich or famous.
FAIR Exhaustive and at turns exhausting, American Hardcore explores 1980s punk subculture with the frenetic energy of mile-a-minute mosh-pit music, sealed with a fist.
FAIR A better doc about punk music would contextualize the genre in the industry and interview kids who cried 'No!' when their parents told them to turn down that racket.
FAIR A reverential but knowledgeable documentary about an aggressive offshoot of punk that flourished on the Left Coast from 1980-86, with outposts in such far-flung locales as Washington, D.C., New York, Boston, Detroit, Chicago and Austin, Tex.
BAD There's a lot of interesting material here, but Rachman doesn't offer any real analysis of his own, and the film suffers from a lack of narrative focus.
GOOD A brilliant grassroots take on the humble beginnings and eventual demise of a musical movement that ultimately had far more impact than it would have ever imagined.
FAIR The film's a pretty good scrapbook ... and it evinces a healthy cranky-old-man disgust with the mega-platinum punk acts of today.
FAIR If you're going to make a movie about hardcore punk, make a movie about hardcore punk.... [This] looks more like the same old PBS documentary.
FAIR Though American Hardcore doesn't achieve a cogent and authoritative history, it succeeds in giving the general impression of the early-'80s hardcore punk scene.
FAIR ... starts promisingly but quickly settles into a repetitive pattern of talking heads repeating the same mantra, interspersed with brief clips of barely visible old film footage.
FAIR This is the 80's like you have never seen them, brilliantly brought back to life in this fascinating new film.
BAD Only if you LOVE hardcore punk is the movie worth a damn
FAIR Almost anyone who's had enough of the purposeless, processed pop that passes for entertainment today will nod their heads in emphatic agreement with what the film says -- when you're not covering your ears, anyway.
FAIR The documentary is an enlightening journey to a dark corner of contemporary punk's dank little basement.
FAIR If it all goes by too fast, and leaves you with a headache when it's done -- well, wasn't that the point all along?
BAD The film features virtually no commentary from anyone who wasn't part of the original scene and who might put hardcore into a larger cultural context, and ends up an intermittently interesting laundry list of same-sounding bands.
FAIR It's an expansive look at a genre and a tribe of musicians that found their collective voice. And there's one thing you could always say about hardcore -- it was never boring.
FAIR Inspired by a book by Steven Blush, Rachman deftly sketches the hardcore scene in a dozen cities and chronicles the growing violence that signaled its demise.
FAIR The resourceful film will stir up a mosh pit of appreciation among aficionados while providing an intriguing, if not always compelling, overview for those less acquainted with the music.
FAIR Punk rock was never about sonic perfection: It was (and is) about emotional intensity, and American Hardcore has that in van loads, and delivers with onetwothreefour! power.
BAD For music that is loud, fast, angry, and in-your-face, the film's low-key tone and pace is more suitable for a PBS fund-raising drive.
FAIR tells you everything you need to know about how vital this music was
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd call dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
GOOD Sebring's drifting tone might leave you bemused, but take it as it comes and it's a captivating insight into modern music's godmother.
BAD For all its transient black-and-white beauties, denies its subject the sort of solid context that would reveal the scale of her achievements. A patchy, frustrating, though loving tribute.
FAIR An extraordinarily intimate portrait of an extraordinary woman, Dream of Life charms despite being filmed through a sycophantic haze.
GOOD While it fails to place Smith's work and her significance in context, the film certainly captures her charisma, wit and passion.
FAIR There are flashes of insight and genuinely moving moments in this long, meandering, wildly indulgent movie record of poet and singer-songwriter Patti Smith.
FAIR Smith, an eloquent subject with a wry view on her life, generously pays tribute to such influential mentors as Dylan, Burroughs and Ginsberg. Her fans should be entranced.
BAD Succeeds in making the 109 minute running time feel like at least eight of the eleven years he took to shoot the film.
FAIR That spirit of encountering the world with undying artistic curiosity -- and without a plan -- informs Dream of Life, a drifting portrait of Smith.
BAD If you don't already own "Horses," this movie will make you want to go out and buy it. You'll also want to start surfing the Internet to fill in the blanks that Dream of Life fails to include.
GOOD There's a note of mourning in this otherwise celebratory film -- for punk rock, for New York, for reality, for a time when popular music was animated by something other than money.
FAIR Heavy on the gabba-gabba, light on the hey!
FAIR Gets extra credit for trying something different.
FAIR Dream of Life barely hints at the transformational energy that Smith exudes in person, but it does paint a portrait of a defiantly creative life.
FAIR Dream of Life takes a while to find its rhythm but once it does, it's riveting stuff.
FAIR Patti Smith: Dream of Life, fashion photographer Steven Sebring's impressionistic study of the most influential of punk poets, disarms and charms with its honesty.
FAIR Insufferable, endearing, pretentiously arty, bracingly direct, humorless, hilarious, oddly distant and strangely touching, but always compulsively watchable -- in other words, a fabulous contradictory mess, much like Smith herself.
FAIR Thanks to its meandering, achronological structure, we don't learn too many specifics of Smith's brilliant career, and only a die-hard fan will find all of it vitally interesting.
FAIR I imagine you could call Dream of Life a loving meditation on a one-of-a-kind performer. And you don't have to be a Smith fan (I am one, by the way) to enjoy.
FAIR Few documentaries about living artists get as deep into their subject's brain and heart as this one about the rock priestess and poetess.
BAD The opportunity to introduce newbies to a serious music-world icon -- and her significance -- feels squandered.
FAIR Even the crudest punk rocker learned three chords (Smith brags of having five) before they plugged in an amp. Steven Sebring would have done better to have had a few lessons in editing and structure before picking up his camera.
FAIR Probably could have cut out 15 to 20 minutes without losing anything, but if you're even remotely interested in this fascinating and enigmatic artist or the influence she's had on the world of rock, then you might want to check it out.
GOOD A lovely, drifty first feature that feels less like a documentary and more like an act of rapturous devotion.
BAD a schizophrenic case study
FAIR A series of elegiac episodes from the life and mind of the fantabulous rock n' roll chanteuse and poetess.
FAIR Some might confuse Zenovich's indictment on the judge as a cop-out in judging Polanski. But the facts remain. There's no further insight into the heinous crime. Nor is there a new judgment to be passed on the man who committed it. Anyone looking for new r
GOOD "Zenovich's film is a fair and skillful chronicling of the Roman Polanski case, and a study of how the circumstances of celebrity influence the carrying out of justice in the U.S. It's not an in-depth study of the filmmaker's psychology nor of how his lif
GOOD While not apologising for his disgusting behaviour, the film puts Polanski's actions in the context of a turbulent life.
GOOD an essential entry in Hollywood's cultural chronicle
GOOD Mesmo tendo criado uma narrativa envolvente, coesa e impecavel a ponto de servir como base para os advogados de Polanski solicitarem o arquivamento do caso, este documentario foi ignorado pela Academia. Arre.
GOOD This chronicle of Polanski's life, career and legal woes offers an engaging portrait of the artist.
GOOD It's the sort of complex story Polanski himself would have excelled at telling, if he weren't busy living it.
FAIR Though Marina Zenovich's film deals with the notorious case of the film director who pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old, the film's real subject is the California legal system turned upside down by celebrity and media pressure.
GOOD Meticulously crafted and keenly thought out, the film also serves as a useful historical document. It illuminates its time period, delves into moral hypocrisy and shows the evolution of muck-raking celebrity journalism.
BAD With a subject like Roman Polanski, you don't really need to do much to capture audience interest. But maybe that's the reason Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired doesn't live up to its promise.
GOOD Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired, a documentary by Marina Zenovich that is also a first-rate work of reportage, makes a forceful case that the whole truth of the matter was never heard in court and Polanski was more sinned against than sinning.
FAIR I found myself occasionally enthralled, mainly due to Polanski's haunted presence coming through, even in the form of an absent ghost.
BAD Roman Polanski (The Pianist, Rosemary's Baby, Chinatown) is unquestionably a great filmmaker, but as Marina Zenovich's documentary Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired perhaps unintentionally demonstrates, he's also a creep.
FAIR She has achieved extraordinary access to the other still-living players in the case, and they all seem to be in agreement: Polanski is correct in saying the judge played with him as a cat might play with a mouse.
GOOD This is a superb picture, sharp, open-minded, wised-up and cinematically accomplished. I wonder if any man could've handled the Polanski enigma with the same ironic intelligence [Marina] Zenovich has.
GOOD A clever, contemplative kind of courtroom drama that utilizes the best of Hollywood filmmaking style to tell a story so strange, it must be true.
GOOD Using tons of footage and new interviews with the victim and key legal figures -- but not the subject himself -- director Marina Zenovich shows how Polanski's darker urges were matched on a moral level by others involved in the case.
FAIR Zenovich has made a feature worthy of its eccentric and reckless central figure at his most cynical and embittered.
GOOD None of the interviewees in Marina Zenovich's fascinating documentary manages to make sense of the famous filmmaker's behavior or apparent thinking. But they all have compelling impressions.
FAIR An exhaustive and riveting narrative
BAD Its indictment ultimately feels like a secondary issue to Polanski's apparently incontrovertible guilt, which makes him--in this instance--still more victimizer than victim.
FAIR Seeks to explore both sides of the endless debate and asks all parties to consider every angle before labeling him as a pedophile or misunderstood genius...
GOOD Roman Polanski deserves his badge of dishonor, no question about it. This amazing documentary argues that others need to start sporting one as well.
GOOD a great and somewhat Kafkaesque story that Polanski might have enjoyed directing... had it been fiction.
FAIR Persuasively demonstrates Polanski was guilty as sin, yet his conviction was a miscarriage of justice.
GOOD A subtly intelligent and sharply argued documentary.
FAIR Is Polanski a great filmmaker who made a mistake, or a perverted coward who ran from the law instead of facing the music?
FAIR A rollicking paean to the musical that owes as much to Hollywood as it does to Bollywood.
GOOD Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
GOOD The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
GOOD One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
GOOD This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
GOOD The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
GOOD MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
GOOD The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
GOOD Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
GOOD Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
GOOD The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
GOOD This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
GOOD It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
GOOD Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
GOOD A head trip of a family film.
GOOD The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
GOOD It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
GOOD If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
GOOD One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
GOOD The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
GOOD The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
GOOD This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
GOOD I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
GOOD A polarizing, but classic piece of children's entertainment filled with whimsy, horror, comedy and imagination.
GOOD This is Gene Wilder's legacy. He was perfect for the role, and it was his mixture of childlike wonder and bitter, deserved vengeance that made the character so compelling.
GOOD Pure, sweet imagination for both kids and adults.
BAD The passages in the mysterious factory, which should be Charlie's and our release from the oppression of the earlier scenes, are just as ugly as everything that's come before, so there's no contrast.
GOOD ...filled with good humor, good acting, and good songs...and it's just off kilter enough to keep everyone's attention.
GOOD Ainda que um ou outro numero musical comprometa o ritmo, o clima de fantasia e a atuacao calorosa de Wilder conquistam o espectador.
GOOD The movie bursts with creativity, deep thought and comedy.
GOOD Probably Gene Wilder's finest, most manic hour.
GOOD Weird and wonderful
GOOD Just a frolicking Wonka visionary schnozberry flavored delight!
FAIR It has a huge following, though I've never understood why.
FAIR If "creepy" can be an asset, then this is the best kind of creepy you'll ever find.
GOOD A timeless family film that will continue to endure as long as people love chocolate.
GOOD The original feel good film from 1971, is back in a special new DVD edition for its thirtieth anniversary with some great special features.
GOOD Brings joy to adult and child alike.
FAIR The zany factory's imaginative gimmicks, and that vivid color scheme, will keep even the youngest kids alert.
GOOD Fantastic hip-hop documentary has profanity, some drug use.
FAIR It's an insider's celebration of the form, studded with straight-to-camera rhymesmithery from its best practitioners.
GOOD All fascinating stuff if a little repetitive and rambling but definitely one for fans.
FAIR It's hard not to like a film so in love with its subject matter, or boasting such an incredible soundtrack.
GOOD The film is educative, entertaining, in almost all senses a blast. Your body is left in your seat while your soul is blown to the back of the auditorium.
FAIR Preaching to the choir, but that's no bad thing.
FAIR Watchable documentary that showcases some impressive a cappella rap performances and provides the occasional amusing anecdote...
GOOD A very enjoyable and often fascinating movie.
FAIR There's no faulting the lyrical excellence on display. These guys are legends for a reason.
GOOD An extremely interesting insight, proving that rap music is an art form in its own right.
GOOD It's likely to be fascinating if you are a hip hop fan, but almost wilfully unilluminating if you aren't.
FAIR Freestyle, funny but finally just too repetitive, Ice's affectionate home-movie needed someone to structure it into a deeper documentary.
FAIR Hardly definitive (where's Houston and Memphis, and why are MC Lyte and Salt the only females represented?), the movie is nonetheless fascinating for fans, as rappers break down their writing techniques for Ice-T's cameras.
FAIR Essential viewing and a nice companion piece to "Wild Style," "Style Wars" and other key hip-hop documentaries.
FAIR In his debut as a documentarian, Ice T creates a vibrant portrait of how and why rap came to be.
FAIR This is a film that does sweat the technique, with at times illuminating and spirited results.
FAIR The interviews are often revealing and funny. And much of the music is tremendous.
FAIR The faces and voices are endlessly compelling as they talk about what inspires them to lay down beats and recall the early days in New York.
FAIR There's a discipline to moviemaking, too, alas, and when this effort strays from its (admittedly limited) subject to a surfeit of helicopter city shots and Ice's street prowling, it feels padded.
FAIR An efficient talking heads doc that celebrates the band without deigning to hagiography.
GOOD The Eagles live in both the present and the past.
FAIR The film would be valuable for collecting this footage... even if its lapses as documentary cinema and storytelling device were far more serious than they are.
GOOD A beautiful tribute to a rare artist with an even rarer spirit.
FAIR It is the mythic resonance of her story that makes it a worthy subject a documentary. But it is the down-to-earth human touches that make "Afternoon of a Faun: Tanaquil Le Clercq" worth watching.
FAIR "Afternoon of a Faun: Tanaquil Le Clercq" presents enough teasing glimpses into the dancer's personal and inner life to demand a fuller picture.
GOOD LeClerq, who lived her later years with a fierce independence, died in 2001; in this thoughtful, quiet film, she lives on.
FAIR As tragedy of the woman whose whole life was the hothouse of the dance -- including narrating her wistful, matter-of-fact letters and journals during treatment -- the doc exploring the myth of Le Clercq will be a balletomane's delight.
GOOD Reminds us what the ballet world had for a time.
BAD Afternoon of a Faun is primarily the story of a woman loved, desired, objectified and watched by men.
GOOD A fascinating story of American ballet and one of the greatest ballerinas in the world.
GOOD Mythic, indeed.
GOOD [A] strangely haunting, often heartbreaking new documentary.
FAIR What's most fascinating about "Afternoon of a Faun" - and what the movie could spend more time delving into - is ballet's grueling and fleeting nature.
GOOD Director Nancy Buirski not only is able to give rare insights into the dance world but a compelling tale of love, friendship and perseverance.
FAIR Buirski takes us on an emotional journey, although the start may seem slow to people unfamiliar with the ballet world or Le Clercq's story.
FAIR [As Le Clercq falls to polio, director Nancy] Buirski digs up footage from the past of people encased in iron lungs or floating in nebulous wonderlands - outside-the-box visual cues that turn the film momentarily phantasmagoric.
GOOD Illuminating, profound and poignant.
FAIR Flawed as it is, no balletomane should miss this one.
GOOD Classical dance great Jacques d'Amboise calls Tanaquil LeClercq's style a "path to heaven." And this lovely documentary by Nancy Buirski makes clear that he's right.
GOOD While it does profile the work of brilliant dancer, the film also contains two complex and moving love stories as well an account of a physically devastating tragedy followed by an extraordinary tale of struggle and survival.
BAD Not quite documentary, yet by no means drama, "Inside the Mind of Leonardo" is what might be called poetic biography: maddeningly fragmentary and idiosyncratic, but 100 percent true.
FAIR The movie is less about telling us what Da Vinci achieved and how, but attempting to figure out why he did what he did.
FAIR captivating and compelling
FAIR Delightful for fans, Perry's screen debut is a calculated but entertaining proposition.
FAIR If you are a 'KatyCat'. I imagine you've already got tickets. But if you get dragged along to this you won't find yourself looking for the nearest noose.
GOOD Katy Perry: Part of Me is the biggest surprise of 2012. It's not just a fluff piece for the fans, but a spectacularly made, emotionally honest portrait of one of pop culture's biggest personalities.
FAIR I'm still not sure how intentional this paradoxical mix of sexiness and childlike goofiness really is.
FAIR ... a sympathetic, even adoring portrait ...
FAIR The prime reason for this movie's infectious spirit is Perry's performance in concert.
FAIR Sequined and sparkly, like Katy Perry, this documentary is aimed at her fanatic preteen fan base.
FAIR Pre-teen girls will love it and their parents will appreciate the unusual depth of this concert documentary.
GOOD Against all of the odds in a business that is potentially so ephemeral, dangerously shallow, nihilistic and sycophantic, Part of Me is, in its own little way, one of the films of the year.
FAIR A fascinating and surprisingly intimate look at the person inside the superstar.
FAIR Through it all, through her cotton-candy-colored hair hues, her candy-store concert sets and cheesy looking stage costumes, all her chart-topping success, Perry comes of as genuine...
FAIR The other thing you learn is that she had an interesting childhood...both her parents are preachers, traveling ministers. "Do ya feel the power of the Lord upon you"?? 700 Club on steroids kinda stuff.
GOOD This documentary should really be renamed All Of Me, as pop star Katy opens her backstage dressing room, her wardrobe and her heart for the cameras.
FAIR I saw Katy Perry: Part of Me -- and I liked it.
BAD [It] isn't so much a movie as a canny, inoffensive slice of brand management and marketing. And as such, it's not half bad.
FAIR It's filled with pizzazz and sparkle, but not enough to distract from the real person under the cupcake skirt.
FAIR Like that recent Justin Bieber documentary, Part of Me proves to be a surprisingly digestible entertainment.
FAIR Ultimately, while this is a Perry promotional movie, it manages to be a refreshingly honest portrayal of one of music's biggest stars.
FAIR Although there are moments when the filmmakers' fingerprints are nearly visible on the manipulated putty of an audience, the scenes aren't enough to break the fruit-flavored spell.
GOOD Entertaining concert film follows pop singer's highs, lows.
GOOD Everything is 'on message' and approved by the star - yet it's as intimate as this kind of film gets.
GOOD As Katy was seen doubling over in pain as she forced the last few tears to fall, clutching the wall for support as she gasped for breath wearing a rotating sparkly bra, I was shocked to discover that my own cheeks were wet.
FAIR Has more stand-alone substance and resonance than anticipated.
GOOD Packed with high energy, basic morals and an infectious charm, much like Perry herself.
BAD Just like it says, "Part of Me" is one aspect of Perry, but her fans may leave the movie wanting more.
BAD For Perry fans, there's not much more you could ask for - but for non-devotees, it's a lightweight package.
FAIR 'In some ways, I live in a fairy tale,' says Perry, a polychrome Snow White who doesn't just charm the birds out of the trees but sings of being 'a phoenix,' of having a 'hummingbird heart,' of longing for a bold display of 'peacock.'
FAIR What is worth seeing - and shelling out the 3-D premium for - is Perry's eye-popping showmanship.
FAIR Katy Perry's sugary sweet wonderland is a hit with her fans, but it also makes for an inspiring movie for those who might have never heard her music.
BAD Unfortunately, as sweet as Perry come across, the product as a whole is mastabatory, jarring and ultimately pretty dull.
FAIR Perry is no dancer and not much of a mover; she's a more mannequin-ish presence, but an energizer mannequin, expressive and ever connecting.
FAIR Footage from Perry's elaborate stage show, which hit Xcel Energy Center last August, is so energetic and fizzy that the blandly catchy songs feel like just a small and not unpleasant piece of the puzzle.
FAIR Personally, I prefer Adele. But teens who adore Perry should be satisfied with the colourful on-stage stuff.
BAD I'm willing to believe Perry is everything "Part of Me" says she is: kind, smart, talented, hardworking, deserving of success. I just wish the movie trusted me to decide for myself.
FAIR Surely there are more interesting subjects, but Perry manages to pull it off here, coming off completely likable and real, never insufferable and fake.
FAIR [It] goes a bit beyond the usual music documentaries, which rarely document anything beyond how beloved their stars are.
GOOD Like Talking Heads itself, Jonathan Demme's landmark 1984 film is accessible and arty. In less skilled hands, it would simply feel alien and cold, not vibrantly and enthrallingly alive.
GOOD It's all so precise even as it is totally loopy, and the music pressed up in our face so urgently and enticingly, that the movie is as close to perfect as it gets.
GOOD Stop Making Sense is a concert film with a narrative, bursting at the seams with bits of invention and passion.
GOOD This ain't no disco, but it is a party.
GOOD One of the best concert movies ever.
FAIR Decent, as concert films go. Being a huge TH fan helps. Byrne's oversized suit good for a chuckle.
GOOD Es nostalgia ochentera de antologia. Puro, total y absoluto rock & roll.
GOOD a powerful musical experience because the filmmakers have such utter confidence in the material that there is no need to dress it up
GOOD This is an uplifting movie in the truest, most basic sense -- it just puts you in a good mood.
GOOD a decade and a half later, the music and brash presence of creative genius still byrne down the house.
GOOD Van Dyke's energy is prodigious (especially when he leaps around with a gang of sooty chimney-sweeps on the London rooftops) and the songs are classics.
GOOD Van Dyke (exaggerated Cockney accent and all) and Andrews have great chemistry together, but it's really her interaction with the children and the magic of the story and the visual effects that charm audiences.
GOOD One of the great movie musicals and of that rare breed of deathless family entertainment that's guaranteed to transfix children, well beyond this, its fiftieth anniversary. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Whether the movie's message is Travers-approved or not, the emphasis on joy and empathy proves heartening, even today.
FAIR The entire set was constructed indoors and it shows: the "outdoor" scenes are bathed in a dull gray light
GOOD World's coolest nanny celebrates family and fun.
GOOD One of the best films ever produced by Disney, indeed one of the best American films of the 1960s... a fantasy of the most delicate touch and charming disposition.
FAIR With all the subtlety of Battleship Potemkin, a queue full of sour-faced old school nannies is shown blowing away into thin air to make way for the embodiment of modern female assertiveness.
GOOD Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.
GOOD One of the greatest children's films ever.
GOOD One of Disney's greats.
GOOD Practically perfect in every way.
FAIR Classic Disney at his most lavish.
GOOD At her most startlingly beautiful here, Julie Andrews does not play the chipper, loving nanny people might expect or remember. She carefully layers a distantly dangerous and even spooky side to her character.
GOOD Mary Poppins is definitely worth popping for. (40th Anniversary Edition)
GOOD The message is clear: Everyone should take care of their jobs and responsibilities, but have fun as well.
GOOD Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.
GOOD Sophisticated yet wide open to its audience, with exciting dance sequences and inviting performances.
GOOD A lot of fun -- for kids and adults, alike.
FAIR Mixed bag of great sequences and cutesy overkill.
GOOD There are few things in this world as sublime as watching Dick Van Dyke dance with penguins.
FAIR A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.
GOOD Classic Disney musical
GOOD Effortlessly charming. It's a true family classic.
GOOD Disney had done a magnificent job of adapting the PL Travers character to the screen, using cinematic effects to the full in creating an enchanting story.
GOOD Kelly's delight - not in his own movements, but in the sheer joy of being able to move - is contagious.
GOOD It's tough to fight the consensus that this is the greatest movie musical of all time (although, to be honest, I would place it second, just a hair below Top Hat), but what's often lost in the praise is that this also qualifies as a great comedy.
GOOD Often considered the finest musical of all time.
GOOD For humour and sheer energy, no musical betters Singin' In The Rain.
GOOD The greatest musical ever!! A movie everyone should see over and over again. If it doesn't touch you, check your pulse.
GOOD A big beautiful film! You can watch it 1000 times and still giggle!
FAIR False picture of early talkie era is not nearly as good as its reputation.
GOOD Hollywood's best musical
GOOD Compounded generously of music, dance, color, spectacle and a riotous abundance of Gene Kelly, Jean Hagen and Donald O'Connor on the screen, all elements in this rainbow program are carefuly contrived and guaranteed to...put you in a buttercup mood.
GOOD Watching Singin' in the Rain is an exuberant, magical experience -- a journey deep into the heart of feel-good territory.
GOOD A rare musical whose story -- scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green -- is just as good as the songs.
GOOD It is an improbable masterpiece; a film where everything just has that indistinguishable quality of fitting together.
GOOD Sure, we respect An American in Paris. But we truly love Singin' in the Rain.
GOOD The restored version of the 1952 classic musical will have you dancing in your seat, whistling along, and wishing for rain.
GOOD The best example of Hollywood's golden age of musicals, it is being released on an eye-popping new DVD that literally explodes with color.
GOOD ..light, frothy, and charming, a complete delight from beginning to end.
GOOD Alternately funny and hilarious
GOOD There is no way anyone anywhere won't love Singin' in the Rain!
GOOD Asked to name the top ten moments in the history of movies, most people would include the title number from this movie, in which Gene Kelly splashes and sings in the rain with what Roger Ebert called 'saturated ecstasy.'
GOOD There is a wonderful cynicism throughout Singin' in the Rain, with everybody either kidding themselves or pretending to be something they are not.
GOOD One of the highpoints of hoofin' history but, more importantly, an unadulterated joy.
GOOD If I were only allowed to own one musical -- and I love Hollywood musicals -- this would be it.
GOOD Very likely the greatest musical MGM or anyone else ever produced.
GOOD There is no movie musical more fun than Singin' in the Rain, and few that remain as fresh over the years.
GOOD Singin' in the Rain isn't just one of the classics of Old Hollywood. It is also one very fine example of a genre that is almost banished from the big studios of today -- musicals.
GOOD Thrillingly energetic dances on film.
FAIR ...a big, brawling, rollicking movie that, old-fashioned or not, helped to open up the movie musical to widescreen singing and dancing.
GOOD one of the greatest musicals, if not movies, of all time
GOOD A magical blend of the right story, a great score, and the astonishing choreography of Michael Kidd.
GOOD Although the powers at M-G-M are deviating from the normal song-and-dance extravaganza in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, it is a gamble that is paying rich rewards.
BAD Can anyone explain the appeal of this to me?
GOOD Accompanying the exhilarating dancing is a fine set of songs, sung with panache, that are memorable for days afterwards.
FAIR entertaining without always being compelling
BAD Seeing Gilliam's vision falter is simply painful and joyless.
GOOD The only person who has jousted at more windmills than Don Quixote seems to be Terry Gilliam.
GOOD Wondrous document of a film gone wrong and an artist who inspires fans, cast and crew, even as he terrifies financiers, insurers and anyone more firmly footed in filmmaking reality.
GOOD Lost In La Mancha will have you alternately wincing, laughing and, finally, weeping at the thought that we may never see this potentially brilliant movie.
GOOD Filled with humor and human drama, this La Mancha is an intriguing place for film lovers to get lost.
FAIR A fascinating record of how the movie fell apart, piece by piece, with everything short of a natural disaster conspiring against the filmmaker.
GOOD Unique, fascinating, funny and sad.
GOOD A fascinating study in the cinematic arts, as we watch a talented director and a committed crew and cast thwarted by nature, human failings and just plain bad luck.
GOOD The real focus of the film is Gilliam himself -- and his growing disillusionment with the project as it stubbornly refuses to become the movie he's already shot in his head.
FAIR It's every director's worst nightmare come alive and as a major movie buff... it was a fascinating watch.
GOOD An absolute must for fans of Terry Gilliam.
GOOD A surreal and epic tale of a lost cause. Cervantes himself would nod in appreciation.
FAIR There's no higher message here - just the pleasure of watching hotshot producers, filmmakers and actors bicker with one another, with insurance companies, with fate.
GOOD Gilliam's level of enthusiasm and relentless desire to keep on going is infectious.
GOOD All in all, it's an illuminating look behind the curtain -- one that leaves one wondering how good films ever get made at all.
FAIR Gilliam himself is a joy to behold. His wit stays sharp even as his fortunes dull, and the conditions that conspire against him only prove the mettle in our man of La Mancha.
GOOD A funny, factual, and heartbreaking chronicling of what happens when man and God work in harmony to doom a film in mid-birth.
GOOD A stunning documentary.
FAIR Interesting and entertaining documentary that proves dreams don't always come true.
FAIR This simple 'making-of' story becomes an 'unmaking-of' documentary
FAIR Gilliam is a complicated, wily presence in all the scenes, cajoling his collaborators to join him in his vision, and our skepticism about whether this project is worthy of his vision only increases the pathos and humor of the project.
FAIR Fulton and Pepe filmed it all and inadvertently captured lightning in a bottle in the process.
GOOD It's fascinating, and I bit off every one of my fingernails from the stress.
GOOD Anyone the slightest bit interested in the filmmaking process should see this film.
BAD I'd like Lost in La Mancha more if it didn't take the easy but misleading route of dovetailing Gilliam's frustrations into Welles's, and then dovetailing both into Quixote's.
FAIR Interesting but nothing spectacular, the film is relatively easy enough to sit through, but isn't quite as insightful and certainly not as entertaining as I had been led to believe.
GOOD Plays like a doomed love story, a film about a love ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR Some films end with a whimper; this one banged into a stone wall.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
BAD Hit and miss tribute to the great melancholist.
FAIR Cohen is clearly a songwriter's songwriter, and the resulting movie brims with an infectious passion for the man's melodies and sardonic wit. Unfortunately, the performances are interspersed with interview footage that is much less captivating.
FAIR It's not a deep documentary. We learn precious little about the real man underneath his sharp-dressed pose.
GOOD The fact is, any Leonard Cohen documentary automatically risks inelegance by contrast to its subject's artistic example. But here's the flip side of that coin: Cohen is so good that even an untimely, mediocre movie about him... resonate[s].
FAIR Cohen fans -- myself included -- will leave the film's interviews wanting more insight. Moviegoers unfamiliar with Cohen's long career will wonder why he warrants gushing testimonials from U2's Bono.
FAIR Despite the missteps during takeoff and landing, the film does prove to be an engaging and beguiling journey with a true original.
GOOD The proof of Cohen's genius is in the music, and Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man drives that genius home with virtually every stanza.
FAIR First-time filmmaker Lian Lunson has struck the mother lode here.
BAD Even if Cohen is your man, is this your movie? ... Despite Lunson's reverent efforts, I'm Your Man isn't The Last Waltz.
GOOD A moving tribute to this legendary artist's life and career.
FAIR I'm Your Man never quite gets its man in a coherent frame, but for all its zigs and zags outside the lines, the portrait of Cohen that emerges is a fascinating one.
FAIR An odd but enjoyable concoction of biography, music commentary and concert.
BAD Wouldn't $10 be more wisely spent on his greatest hits?
GOOD You know it has to be coming, but when it does, 'Suzanne' almost stops time with its prayerful beauty.
FAIR In the end, it's Cohen's songs that are what this loving musical portrait is all about.
BAD We hardly get to know Cohen from the biographical shorthand melded to a worshipful tribute show in which the Canadian singer-songwriter never even appears.
BAD A tribute concert with earnest but mostly average performances gussied up with fawning if passionate praise from admirers and occasional bits of self-deprecation from Cohen himself.
GOOD Whatever the approach, the songs are sturdy enough to support it while remaining resigned and elusive, their words practically glowing in the dark.
BAD It's an incompetent mess.
FAIR Entertaining, if lightly inquisitive, tribute concert film.
GOOD The performers capture the deep, heartfelt hum of Cohen's voice and deliver a haunting tribute to a poetic soul.
GOOD It tastefully serves the darkly searching sensitivity of a brave original.
FAIR As a movie subject, Cohen has proven equally electrifying and elusive.
FAIR You leave the theater in no doubt that he was born with the gift.
FAIR For those of us hard-wired since birth to sing the praises of this melancholy Montreal poet-musician, the film is a singular pleasure.
FAIR Cohen frequently isn't talking -- the subject too often goes missing from his own portrait.
GOOD The only thing that matters is the music, if that's bad, the film will suck and if it's great, well...that's what you pay your money for.
FAIR A well-meaning but ultimately unsatisfying film.
BAD Offering both too little material and too much, the movie leaves us in the bizarre position of understanding its subject no better by the end than we did at the beginning.
GOOD As far as "human interest" documentaries go, Double Dare is an absolute winner.
FAIR Double Dare remains an entertaining and informative look at a little-known struggle for equality and respect in a physically unforgiving but completely vital Hollywood discipline.
FAIR Just as stuntwomen have to do, Double Dare pulls its punches.
FAIR Castellitto, who has won his country's best-actor award twice before, has such a haunting look in his eyes that he doesn't need to chew the scenery to get across his point. Cruz doesn't speak much, but her face screams of the pain that Italia faces.
FAIR [A] fly-in-the-face-of-reality perseverance is the key to the appeal of both the women profiled in the documentary Double Dare.
FAIR It provides a frank portrait of women trying to make it in a traditionally male game.
FAIR Bell's energy and Epper's perseverance give Double Dare an unstoppable one-two punch.
FAIR Thin but pleasantly diverting.
FAIR Micheli has enormous respect for these resilient, underappreciated performers. And after spending 81 minutes with the engaging, generous Jeannie and Zoe, it's hard to imagine anyone feeling otherwise.
FAIR A genuine pleasure.
FAIR Shows the hardship that women -- especially older women -- must endure in a male-dominated business.
FAIR Entertaining documentary about stuntwomen who do risky business for a living.
GOOD Stunts are, quite naturally, the most explosive part of the film.
FAIR Exudes a pleasant, affectionate warmth for its characters.
FAIR fails to look deep into the industry, preferring to follow its two stars around and see what they get into
FAIR Micheli has a good eye for telling details and a strong empathy for the pressures women face in the industry.
GOOD Two stuntwomen, generations apart, reveal the humor and drama of their craft in this warm documentary.
GOOD They are movie stunt performers, and Double Dare tells the story of two who face all these obstacles and more, because they happen to be women in a traditionally male occupation.
FAIR With this documentary director Amanda Micheli follows the lives of two film stuntwomen. She covers their professional and personal lives and the profession.
FAIR ...a highly entertaining documentary...
GOOD An exciting, funny and ultimately touching documentary that gets us inside these women's lives to the point where we want to be there to catch them when they fall.
GOOD A wealth of inspiration this film is.
GOOD Absolutely riveting.
GOOD A rootin' tootin' good time.
GOOD Colorful, tuneful, brassy musical version of Berlin's hit Broadway show.
FAIR Stiff adaptation buoyed by brilliant Berlin score
FAIR ...it gets an enlivening, high-octane delivery, thanks to Hutton and director George Sidney.
FAIR I'd only recommend it if you feel you'd like fluffy made-for-TV musicals.
BAD ...ultimately overlong and forgettable, despite the best efforts of an exceedingly game cast.
FAIR pretty harmless and almost wholly unmemorable, but considerably better than a lot of animated junk that's passed off as kiddie fare.
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ... You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness. Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
BAD Sarah Wynter doesn't quite have the chops, Bruce Beresford doesn't quite have the heart, and the audience probably doesn't have anywhere near the level of interest.
GOOD Never successfully answers what Alma Schindler had that drew composer Gustav Mahler, architect Walter Gropius, writer Franz Werfel, and painter Oskar Kokoschka to her.
BAD Beresford and his screenwriter, Marilyn Levy, have a wealth of compelling material at their disposal. But somehow the film doesn't quite cohere.
BAD If this movie is any evidence of Alma's true persona, I'd contend that the miserable gal never deserved her own bio-pic in the first place.
BAD An often silly and oddly tepid biopic from director Bruce Beresford.
BAD As in most film biographies, we suffer from lack of understanding of the motivating forces behind the events of the person's life.
FAIR It's just another attractive costume drama, with a few sexy scenes thrown in for spice, and a classical music setting that qualifies this as another difficult-to-market artsy film.
BAD Wynter's portrayal is flat and unconvincing.
BAD [Wynter's] performance is dull and expressionless, giving no clue what so many great artists found so fascinating.
BAD Levy's bloodless screenplay runs dutifully through Alma's life as though ticking off the points against a checklist.
BAD I felt there was so much more there that could have been told, more struggles that should have been shown.
BAD The script provides a barrage of consistently ludicrously banal and pretentious verbiage.
BAD One of the worst biopics I have ever seen, a leaden march through a chronology of Alma's affairs.
BAD Very pretty visuals, faint soapy story-telling.
BAD Even though the performers do their utmost to live in the skin of their characters, they're too suffocated to be believable.
BAD For all its sobriety, it adds very little new to the record, and it takes few speculative chances.
FAIR Holds one's interest, thanks largely to the captivating beauty and brains of Wynter.
BAD ..stumbles under the burden of two-hours of focused, exaggerated emotion...
GOOD Fascinating.
FAIR Dad I not known that this was a documentary, I could have convinced myself that this was a Woody Allen comedy about a genius inventor of screwball machines.
GOOD A light-hearted and fun look at the life and achievements of the young superstar.
FAIR Something strictly for those stricken with Bieber Fever.
FAIR A fun, feelgood way to spend a couple of hours, and actually has an inspiring message of what might happen if you follow your dreams.
BAD Currently I am disinterested in his music, but once he ages and is forced to start expanding on his talents, I think we might see something interesting.
BAD ...the thing it documents best is how music producers and press agents market a product.
FAIR Though billed as a 3D film, it only applies to the concert footage, though it's difficult to imagine any of his fans complaining.
FAIR In spite of its airy brief as a panting PR puff piece, this engaging concert-doco takes a semi-revealing splash inside the fishbowl through which its subject sees the world.
FAIR If you are at all curious about Justin Bieber the phenomenon, Never Say Never is a fascinating, eye opening and eerily emotive film.
FAIR We are introduced to the alchemists who looked at a talented little kid, saw dollar signs, and turned him into pure gold. Somehow, director Jon Chu is able to make their success not seem exploitative.
BAD It's 50% concert film and 50% hagiographic promotional video and 0% documentary. But that doesn't mean it's not a reasonably interesting look at how the ridiculously busted music industry functions.
GOOD I have to admit I like him, enjoy his music and, more than that, I enjoyed watching his fans in 'Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.'
FAIR A blatant promotional and marketing tool, it's a curiously sanitized, if sycophantic documentary, examining the Bieber phenomenon from a bland, 'authorized' viewpoint.
FAIR Underneath the bubblegum exterior is a surprisingly engaging and entertaining look at a megastar created by the internet.
BAD In two years the swooning tweenies on screen and in the audience will feel embarrassed about their reactions; anybody else going should take ear plugs for the shrieky bits.
BAD Although this film has not exactly made me into a full-fledged Belieber, it has at least shown me the wisdom of never saying never.
BAD Grown-ups will still struggle not to picture a post-puberty sequel featuring DUIs and rehab trips.
FAIR Chu has called Never Say Never "the origin story of a hero". Which is cobblers, obviously. But the film did convince me that Bieber is a dramatic figure.
BAD If you're over 15 and semi-intelligent, you'll want your money back.
BAD There are few insights into his pressured existence and none into his creative process.
FAIR The encouraging aspect of this musical documentary is that it proves the 16-year-old Canadian does have the talent to go with his precocious self-confidence.
GOOD I walked into the cinema with the cynicism you'd expect from a grown man and then... something strange happened.
BAD I like Justin Bieber. There...I said it.
FAIR What makes the movie bearable - if you are not a fan because if you are you will obviously love every second of it, especially those moments when Justin's hand seems to come out from the screen and draw you in - is the fascination of his actual story.
FAIR He's the moppet from another planet: I defy anyone to watch this docu-lite promotional tour video about Justin Bieber's live show (back when he was 16) and not be sort of impressed, if only at an anthropological level.
FAIR Surprisingly engaging. Biased, but by no means a bad film.
FAIR Have we got the Bieber fever? We certainly don't have a rash from watching this film - more a warm glow of enlightenment.
FAIR Accompanying adults might be surprised by how cheesily enjoyable it is. They may suddenly feel rather old, though.
FAIR Director Chu keeps things moving briskly, even if the film is far too long. But the 3D is playfully deployed.
BAD Squeaky clean fun for the youngsters in the family. Everyone else hide.
GOOD Before seeing Justin Bieber: Never Say Never 3D, I honestly couldn't have cared whether Justin Bieber lived or got mown down by a lorry. But now, I'm unapologetically sold on the guy.
BAD Why Justin Beiber and not the thousands of others on the Internet doing basically the same thing?
FAIR Justin Bieber: Never Say Never has an engaging back-story that captures Bieber's meteoric rags-to-riches rise to stardom.
FAIR Gives an eye-opening account of the creepy mania that surrounds the star, while inadvertently hinting at the dependency of those around Bieber on their fresh-faced cash cow.
FAIR It's a decent pop spectacle: big songs, adorable backstage horseplay, and some genuinely surprising demonstrations of talent.
FAIR Nicely balances the live performances with the documentary footage, creating a movie that moves briskly while simultaneously explaining and showcasing its subject.
FAIR A surface look at the life and times of teen idol Justin Bieber. Fine for his adoring fans and adults will be entertained too.
FAIR Mike Joyce and Andy Rourke, the rhythm section in the Smiths, that influential '80s indie rock band from Manchester, England, give their account of Smiths history.
GOOD Like the best "mockumentaries", this often feels like the real thing - unlike the obvious parody that was SPINAL TAP.
BAD Quentin, what are you smoking?
GOOD A must see for any avid jazz fan!
FAIR For all their moodiness and irascibility, the girls come across as warm and believable, and there are funny moments when they take to the streets to raise money for a new guitar.
GOOD The music here is really just a Macguffin, a way into Moodyson's real subject: the complex and often unequal dynamics of adolescent friendships.
GOOD The beautifully authentic performances by the three bandmates capture that brief life moment when nearly everything can feel like a scary, joyous act of rebellion.
GOOD It's a film for seeing familiar things being done well, not for being surprised or challenged.
GOOD We Are The Best! is a delightful film about the friendship between its three young protagonists, set to an amusing and convincing punk music backdrop. I spent half the running time with a grin on my face.
FAIR We Are the Best! is as unique as chips and chocolate. It's also as universal as cosmic pubescence.
GOOD A proudly feminist middle finger to conformity, and a celebration of youthful rebellion.
FAIR "We Are the Best!" captures the chaos of youth with a funny and profane energy.
GOOD In its evocation of the early '80s Stockholm middle-school girl punk rock scene, "We Are The Best!" could hardly be more specific. But in its depiction of the joys and sorrows of adolescence, it could hardly be more universal.
FAIR Moodysson has brought these non-conformists delightfully, sensitively to life with design and cinematography reflecting the recently departed 70's.
FAIR The young actresses are just flawless and I think Lukas Moodysson really tells this story well.
GOOD Full of adolescent energy -- vibrant, untethered, and kind of bonkers -- the new movie from Swedish director Lukas Moodysson is a gentler version of childhood than he's recently favoured.
GOOD The performances of all three young actors are superb, soulful, honest and full of joy. Their dialogue is often ridiculously funny and there's no sense of manufactured drama.
GOOD So far this year, one of the most warmly inspiring films ... sheer smile-on-your-dial factor. Moodysson absolutely knows what he's doing ... becomes funnier and funnier.
GOOD Captures the dynamics of adolescent friendship to perfection. Funny and full of bluster, it's an exuberant tribute to punk rock spirit, and to the experience of being thirteen.
FAIR An unexpected charmer about friendship, identity and the liberating power of making a racket.
GOOD It may not be very punk, but these girls just want to have fun. And, crucially, Moodysson is having a good time too; there's joy in every frame.
GOOD The great charm of Lukas Moodysson's We Are the Best! lies in its total lack of pretension and adult editorializing.
GOOD Relentlessly upbeat... Captures the peripatetic energy of youth.
GOOD We Are the Best! seems like [Moodysson's] clearest vision to date.
GOOD This is a knowing film, and a liberating one.
FAIR The young actresses are flawless, and their ear-banging music, which remains awful throughout the film, is nonetheless full of static electricity.
GOOD The teenage actors nail their natural, giddy-sad coming-of-age performances and Moodyson flavors the film with fine direction of its young stars.
GOOD Director Moodysson revels in the way his young cast alternate between being children and adults, back and forth like a lenticular image. The film is irresistible--conveying the pleasures of being a spiky nuisance in a maddeningly calm society.
GOOD A note-perfect coming-of-age story masquerading as a Behind the Music documentary
GOOD [Moodysson] captures the crushing urgency and emotional craziness of youth. It's not blood that flows through these girls' veins, it's nitroglycerin.
GOOD "We Are the Best!" is a messy, congenial empowerment story that knows how aggravating adolescence can be when you refuse to fit in.
GOOD It's a title that makes quite a statement. Few viewers will be inclined to argue.
FAIR Sweet-spirited and sometimes meandering but always working in the service of its young protagonists' perspective.
GOOD A coming of age frolic with lessons for all ages.
FAIR It's impossible not to root for these appealing if flawed youngsters.
FAIR Much of the standup material is pretty darn funny; the rest is almost painfully bad.
GOOD This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
FAIR For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
GOOD This offers Strummer fans unlimited access to the man behind the legend. Though it really is for fans - who should run and buy it.
GOOD Julien Temple's film is an energizing work of art, a visually striking and inspiring look at a band that never 'sold out' and the leader who saw to it that they didn't.
FAIR Miracle of miracles, a valuable portrait of Strummer manages to emerge from the chaos, helped by the film's one consistent thread: tapes of a BBC World Service radio show he hosted in his final years.
FAIR [Director Julien Temple] stops short of hagiography, while exhaustively positing Strummer as one of the most important cultural figures of the 20th century.
FAIR Temple, who chronicled the Sex Pistols...offers the full, sometimes bloated, context of Strummer's life through the testimony of his many friends and collaborators.
GOOD Temple gets at the heart of Strummer's character, at the unbridled joy that existed within his righteous anger, the satisfaction of knowing he was on the right side of history and hadn't had to sell any part of himself to get there.
GOOD Temple's film is a fittingly conscientious and absorbing tribute to his complex, contradictory personality.
GOOD A beautiful, evocative collage composed of concert footage, photographs, interviews and film clips, as well as interviews with people who knew him, the film is a rigorously thorough biography and an impassioned accolade.
FAIR Compelling viewing, even for people who don't care a bit for the punk scene.
FAIR One of the most compelling documentary portraits of a musician yet made.
FAIR 'Should you stay or should you go' really is the ultimate question.
FAIR By the end of Temple's rather long film, that is the person who emerges: a man no longer interested in changing the universe song by song but devoted to enriching his own corner of the world.
BAD Indulgent celebrity interviews..., repetitive details from Strummer's friends, and rapid-fire editing of found footage that sometimes matches the music but often just clouds the narrative.
FAIR Those who loved the Clash or Strummer will be enthralled throughout.
FAIR A remarkably well-detailed doc that proves 'Rock The Casbah' is not just that song from the cell phone commercials.
GOOD Temple's film offers a rich, detailed portrait of a commanding but idealistic Strummer against the backdrop of the do-it-yourself punk ethos of the late '70s.
FAIR The Future Is Written is a loving testimonial to one of rock's true originals.
FAIR The Future Is Unwritten does an ample job of capturing the many facets of Strummer, who was simultaneously self-effacing and and heroic, devoted and calculating, sensitive and brazen.
GOOD Julian Temple has done cinematic justice to the punk humanist born John Graham Mellor.
GOOD Suffused with clear-eyed affection for its subject and times, this is not your little brother's punk documentary.
FAIR It's a great story arc, and this alone makes the movie worth seeing, but Temple's filmmaking may frustrate more than it enlightens.
FAIR The singer's life is compressed into a two-hour montage of interviews, vintage video snippets and artsy filigree in Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten.
FAIR Leaves behind a surprising afterglow and allows you to appreciate Joe Strummer's warmth.
BAD Little sense of the band's import or power is ever communicated. Instead, Temple devotes the entire second hour of the film to Strummer's uninteresting post-Clash career.
FAIR [Director Temple's] documentary can be quite clear-eyed, especially when exploring Strummer's lesser-known years before and after The Clash. As Strummer attempts to define and redefine himself, he seems human but still heroic.
FAIR The movie fascinates not so much because of Strummer, whose brooding temperament and flash-and-burn career arc seems pretty routine by rock standards, but because of the way Temple organized and edited the film.
FAIR A great gift for those longing to revisit the groovy times of a punk rock past.
BAD An attempt at a tribute to a great man. Strummer doesn't need it.
GOOD a loving filmic portrait
FAIR [Julien Temple's] insider's point of view both helps and hurts the film.
GOOD Anyone who's ever been a fan of the Clash or Strummer's music should be fascinated by this comprehensive look at his eccentric life.
FAIR I've never cared for Joe Strummer and The Clash, but Julien Temple's Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten is, for the most part, some sort of incredible.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
GOOD Gondry brings a caught-on-the-fly style to the footage that nonetheless coheres into something that feels planned, or pre-ordained.
GOOD Easily overshadowed by the musical performers, particularly The Fugees, reunited to deliver a most-moving rendition of Killing Me Softly, it is easy to understand why Dave withdrew into his shell, after watching his lame stand-up act here.
GOOD A concert film for people who don't like concert films, Dave Chappelle's Block Party does such a good job of putting you in the middle of the action that only the end credits can remind you that you're sitting in a movie theatre.
GOOD Yes, there's a little preachiness here, but it doesn't puncture the party mood. Or stop Chappelle telling dirty jokes about prostitutes, for that matter. Thanks to him this isn't just a musical feast, but a rib-busting comedy too.
FAIR As a comedy, it doesn't quite gel. As a musical it doesn't have much more luck, but as a showcase for Chappelle's talents, Block Party works just fine.
FAIR The atmosphere is genuinely infectious - the fact that the event is packed, despite pouring rain, speaks volumes.
BAD It looks like run-of-the-mill party videos shot by a drunk.
FAIR Dave Chappelle's Block Party parvient a capturer l'esprit de fete, autant celui de la mise en %u0153uvre que de l'evenement lui-meme, avec une efficacite a toute epreuve.
GOOD Gondry doesn't seriously push the visual envelope; all he's doing is assembling a souvenir, an almost great document of a party most of us missed.
FAIR Chappelle frequently fades to the sideline as the musical groups take over, offering a blisteringly memorable snapshot of hip hop's state of the art in 2004.
GOOD No, it's not Shakespeare, it's not Citizen Kane, but when a movie is this funny, addictive, affectionate, energetic, uplifting and aware of the world and its people and their hearts, it is just as much a triumph.
GOOD LIke Wattstax and Festival Express before it, Chappelle and Gondry's movie makes you feel as though you're at a party when, in fact, you're just sitting in a darkened theater.
GOOD This is effectively an inner-city Woodstock -- only funny.
GOOD A movie with good humor, good music and a positive message that isn't a complete embarrassment to watch.
FAIR a slamming concert telecast that ... proves how raw hip-hop music can translate to film without missing a beat.
FAIR Chappelle will NOT be following Drawn Together
FAIR This movie looks thrown together, kind of like the block party that serves as its focus. And it has all of the appeal of a spontaneous gathering of friends who, in this case, happen to be some of the biggest names in in music.
FAIR the party of the year thanks to some amazing music and a very funny, very likeable host
FAIR The theme of racial self-empowerment runs throughout Dave Chappelle's Block Party. I don't think the comedian just wanted to organize a concert. I think he wanted to encourage positivity.
GOOD Block Party is entertaining from start to finish... you'll walk out of this film with a smile on your face and a few tunes stuck in your head.
GOOD ...the gritty funnyman (Chappelle) invites us all to his specialized big event where the conscientious laughter and lyrics are symbolically joined at the soulful hip.
BAD This could have been better, but I'm not sure how.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of that first beautiful day of spring ... when you can take off your coat and go to the park, bob your head with the radios playing to the open, sweet-scented air and watch the pretty girls walk by.
FAIR Chappelle invents a few routines involving the backing band that had me wiping away hysterical tears.
FAIR A return to rowdy form.
FAIR Block Party itself doesn't kill, exactly, but its charms are enough to disarm.
FAIR A gift to both Chappelle and hip-hop fans.
FAIR No one enjoys the free festivities more than Chappelle, who wanders through the film like a kid on Christmas morning. A very funny kid.
FAIR Those who denounce rap as nothing but profanity-laden chants about living like a pimp and treating women like garbage will be surprised by the strong political messages that pepper the concert.
FAIR Chappelle's talent and the characters in the movie give it a universal appeal, even to those unfamiliar with hip-hop.
FAIR It's intermittently funny, but it peaks too soon and runs far too long. And for all its length, Block Party doesn't tell us much about Chappelle that we haven't seen before.
GOOD Block Party makes for a transcendent experience.
FAIR The music is angry and the jokes are raw but, ultimately, Block Party conveys a positive message to audiences. Instead of competition, we see collaboration between the artists and unity in the diverse crowd.
BAD Strictly for fans of the musical acts and those who think everything Chappelle does is genius.
FAIR There's an intimate, just-throwing-a-party feel to the whole bash, thanks to Chappelle's pretension-puncturing humor and the sense that, whatever their issues or accomplishments, the artists are there mainly to share some love with their fans.
FAIR By cutting away from the music just as things start cooking, what could have been a great rockumentary becomes too much of a Chappelle celebration.
FAIR Two years after going AWOL from his hit Comedy Central show, Dave Chappelle makes a tentative foray back into the limelight with a good old-fashioned concert film that, surprisingly, features very little of Chappelle himself.
FAIR Non-musical sequel a fun adventure for young kids.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
GOOD Brings on a variety of eloquent voices from both the fanbase and the gods of metal themselves.
FAIR The metal scene emerges throughout the documentary as the recruitment center of an army of misfits, where the outcasts of the world can seek each other out based on their love of the angsty, eardrum-destroying tunes their parents warned them about.
FAIR Enjoyable whether you're a fan of the music or not.
FAIR A documentary that preaches to the converted if ever there was one, but Dunn's enthusiasm for the subject and the range of pretension and humour of his interviewees makes for fun viewing.
GOOD A film that manages to be intelligent without being boring, making it one of the better music documentaries in recent memory.
FAIR This documentary about one of the most loathed, lampooned and beloved music genres isn't the kind of film to rock your world, though it may well inspire laughter.
GOOD It'll make you want to dig out your Whitesnake T-shirt. It might even convince Tipper Gore that heavy metal thunder is all in good fun.
FAIR The movie is woefully short on concert footage, which could have shown us the power of metal instead of just telling us.
FAIR You might not go out and buy the latest Slipknot album after seeing it, but you will understand why some disenfranchised kid would.
BAD A lightweight fanboy valentine for ostensibly heavyweight music.
FAIR Full of splendid social and psychological insights.
FAIR Interviews with metal practitioners such as Tony Iommi, Alice Cooper, Rob Zombie and Dee Snider, journalists and academic types paint a compelling portrait of a vibrant society of outsiders.
FAIR The film is packed with hilarious, often poignant interviews with metal luminaries.
GOOD There's so much information and so many finely honed arguments in this ultimately joyous film that it's liable to send audiences scurrying home to their computers to download the bands they've just heard.
FAIR It's all jolly good fun captured with proficiency, professionalism and the keen sense of someone who truly wants outsiders to understand what makes a dyed-in-the-wool headbanger so passionate about his music of choice.
GOOD Dunn effortlessly smashes the cliche of metal-bands-as-Neanderthal-lunkheads.
FAIR The idea of looking at the music from the perspective of a fan, and plugging it full of interviews with rock idols, is clearly a winner.
FAIR Much-maligned heavy metal gets a much-needed boost in Canadian filmmaker/longtime headbanger Sam Dunn's entertaining and informative documentary.
FAIR It's a fascinating and anecdotally rich journey.
FAIR ...an engaging, entertaining little documentary...
GOOD "Bombay Beach" is an oasis of creativity in the documentary landscape.
BAD Off the deep end of poverty porn, there seems little good to be had from this gritty tour of a destitute corner of America.
GOOD Director Alma Har'el has fused the small-town documentary with a music video sensibility to create something breathtakingly original and genuinely beautiful.
GOOD Drifts in and out of reality and leaves your head somewhere in between.
GOOD While candidly exploring the hard lives of the characters and their families, the film earns an extra star from some inspired moments of magical realism, with one scene involving a child, a fire engine and a Bob Dylan tune that'll make your spine tingle.
GOOD It's a rich slice of Americana, and there's a great soundtrack from musicians including Bob Dylan.
GOOD This startling documentary explores a part of America few even want to admit exists: a place designed as a paradise that has instead become an almost apocalyptic wasteland populated by people who have fallen out of society.
GOOD The story tells itself, making plenty of room for an artistic flair and injection of sound that elevate the film from a simple documentary to an artistic exploration.
GOOD Har'el's film is at times bizarrely uplifting, at others crushingly sad...
GOOD The fact that Alma Har'el is still stuck in music video director mode makes for an interesting new breed of documentary.
GOOD Quirky, moving and unique, it's a haunting bedside view of the place the American Dream went to die.
BAD [T]he moody film is a compassionate portrait, [but] wanders around the mostly downtrodden too much, even with brief flashes of optimism.
FAIR More lyrical tone poem than straightforward documentary.
GOOD Looks and feels like a fever dream about an alternate universe. Suffused with a sense of wonder, it hovers, dancing inside its own ethereal bubble.
FAIR Gorgeous and disquieting, the documentary Bombay Beach wobbles between the two like a beginner gymnast on her first attempt on the balance beam.
BAD Har'el still seems tied too tightly to her work as a music video director
GOOD The surealist edge seems oddly fitting for a place so fundamentally weird as the Salton Sea, but also lends the film an elegiac and dreamy quality.
BAD The film neither buries nor praises its subjects. It's too busy using them as props.
BAD Rather than bringing out the symbolic inner lives of the characters, these sequences seem like the intrusion of an aggressive authorial personality on a film whose subject demands that the filmmaker simply sit back and observe.
GOOD Set within the surrealistic surroundings of remote and rundown Bombay Bay, with its stunning and timeless landscape of desert blight, these characters and their odd behavior are unfailingly fascinating fare for a verite filmmaker.
GOOD A wonderfully unconventional portrait ... part MTV, part PBS and altogether remarkably fresh.
GOOD A wonderfully humorous take on a seldom-broached subject.
GOOD An extraordinary documentary about the friendship between two activist elders in a Los Angeles retirement community for political progressives.
GOOD Irja is as sharp as a tack and Lucille has a wickedly dry wit; spending 75 minutes in their excellent company is a rare privilege.
FAIR Gabbert expertly delivers a far more powerful message with honesty, humor and palpable respect.
GOOD Laura Gabbert's deeply affecting documentary profiles a pair of extraordinary women who live in a 'nonprofit retirement home for free-thinking elders.'
FAIR Besides being funny about themselves and their contemporaries, the women provide a window on the social evolution of the United States over the past century.
GOOD Utterly unsentimental, deeply moving.
GOOD Sunset Story offers a touching look at the residents of a special retirement home in Los Angeles.
GOOD A wonderful documentary by Laura Gabbert that may make you laugh and cry -- and may change your mind about age and aging.
GOOD Despite -- or, perhaps, because of -- his cult status, Sheldon makes a compelling centerpiece for the lively, nostalgic documentary Trying to Get Good: The Jazz Odyssey of Jack Sheldon.
BAD Annie has a fun, fizzing feel-good factor but, unfortunately, little in the way of lasting resonance.
FAIR As much as we fear remakes of classic films there are, on occasion, heartening examples where it's done right. Here we have a nicely updated, jazzed-up version of the unfairly maligned 1982 John Huston musical.
BAD The song selection and its presentation seems out of his control.
BAD The filmmakers only thought about how to make it current, and not about how to make it better.
FAIR Annie is not the awful film it's been painted as. In fact, it has much in its favor.
BAD Musicals are made to enchant and help us sing the blues away...and for that, I'd recommend the original "Annie". You're only a day away...
BAD Another unoriginal Hollywood remake that no one really asked for. The music holds up, and it's a testament to those songs that they can withstand this misfire of a film.
BAD A flattened, bowdlerised project that has passed through too many hands
BAD It's clear that those behind this Annie remake wanted to achieve: A progressive new take on an old standard, just in time for families to enjoy during Christmas holidays. If only Smith, Jay-Z and Gluck could have focused more on delivering a good film.
BAD Are you a little girl, aged between six and ten?... Have you learnt every song from Frozen and are you ready to torment your parents with a whole new repertoire?... congratulations, you are part of the ridiculously specific target audience for [Annie].
BAD It's not an utter disaster. How could it be given Quvenzhane Wallis's unfettered joy and easy rapport with Jamie Foxx and Rose Byrne? But she's the only thing in a reimagined "Annie" that treats rather than tricks as it strains to manufacture whimsy.
BAD Two of my favorite people in Hollywood working together on an exciting reimagining of one of my favorite musicals -- what could go wrong? Sadly, too much.
BAD Even Sandy the dog looks like he's had enough.
BAD It's a hard-knock life for cinemagoers who make the mistake of going to see this new version of Annie hoping for some of the Broadway pizzazz of the original.
FAIR This latest "Annie" could have been told more efficiently, and with more depth, but with Wallis and Foxx leading the cast, it's an engaging enough, if not memorable, remake.
BAD The 1977 Broadway hit has suffered an overblown 1982 adaptation, a sickly 1999 TV movie and a terrible stage sequel. But the worst hadn't happened to it until this awkwardly updated, misconceived and sloppy remake.
BAD There you have it, kids: all you need is love. Although loads of money and a good wi-fi signal definitely help.
BAD There's not much delight to be had in an orphan's bedazzlement by this corporate paradise - besides, is gaining material wealth all the story has to offer?
BAD You can "betcha bottom dollaaar" that this the most pointless remake of the year.
BAD Take out Quvenzhane Wallis, and it instantaneously becomes one of the most hateful, ill-made studio pictures of the year
BAD Leapin' lizards, was this a bad idea.
BAD The blame falls squarely on Gluck, who appears to have never seen a musical film in his life, shoots dance numbers with staid limpidity and zero sense of rhythm, and edits them in a way so as all the performers are barely visible.
FAIR This refreshing take on events feels lost in a movie that feels so outdated, as obsolete as the much-loved 1982 original.
BAD Foxx and Company Flounder in Bland "Annie."
BAD This remake updates the musical to include hip-hop stylings, Twitter updates and YouTube references, but any charm has been left behind in John Huston's 1982 film.
FAIR Wallis keeps things watchable, exuding real screen presence. However, even with talented singer Foxx onboard, there isn't a single memorable rendition of the familiar tunes, and 'Tomorrow' hangs around like a kitchen odour.
BAD A 21st Century variation on the age-old theme where an insufferable 1%-er finally gets in touch with his sensitive side with the help of an irresistible ragamuffin representing the downtrodden rest of humanity.
FAIR Wallis here retains all the unaffected charm that she showcased in Beasts, skipping nimbly between comedy, pathos and show-stopping song and dance, lending credible heart and soul to a production that so often fails to find its feet.
BAD Wallis is the only one among the cast to bring some real energy to the screen...
FAIR This Annie wouldn't survive on 'American Idol' or 'Dancing with the Stars.' She's a charmer all the same.
FAIR The film is frequently awkward, suffers from some pedestrian choreography and wears its heart perhaps a bit too openly on its sleeve. But it's also charming, well-acted... and, most surprisingly, quite funny.
BAD Annie lands in an uninventive middle ground - it isn't necessary (or an improvement) but it isn't a total disaster either.
GOOD It's ultimately hard to resist a family-friendly film that's this confident and energetic -- and genuinely funny -- without ever pandering.
GOOD If "The Commitments" shows the gritty, robust side of Dublin and the Irish music scene, "Once" shows us a softer, more romantic side.
FAIR There is much to admire about Once, in a little-movie-that-could kind of way, but it can't help but get in its own way just when it begins to gain some momentum
BAD my biggest road block was the fact that I didn't like the music
GOOD It has its own peculiar naturalism, a kind of lo-fi, lovelorn charm.
GOOD Um filme magico que, atraves de sua narrativa enganosamente simples, alcanca uma vitoria que escapa a maioria das obras do genero, retratando com sentimento o instante preciso no qual dois seres humanos se descobrem apaixonados um pelo outro.
GOOD Once is the anti-blockbuster that couldn't have come at a better time.
GOOD a tender little ultralow budget movie about the intimate connection of making music...the warm folkiness of the songs and their generally non-narrative-pushing content make it feel more like a long, lovely home movie of a short portion of two people's liv
FAIR Un effort battant la mesure d'une maniere somme toute imparfaite, mais neanmoins prenante, qu'un genre aussi excessif que le film musical a besoin de temps a autre...
GOOD A moving story about two people who share a common love of music.
BAD mia idiaiteri kinimatografiki empeiria, esto kai san kolaz, apo mia seira binteoklip me toys idioys, agapimenoys soy protagonistes
GOOD With delicate care and a modest street musician attitude, Carney has reinvented what a movie musical can be.
GOOD ...an epic told in incomplete lyric lines, a classic fable forged out of slowly strummed guitar, lilting piano, and strained, struggling voices.
GOOD Though the trailer for Once might pique your curiosity, you don't know the freight train of raw emotion that's about to blindside you.
GOOD Carney's Once is definitely not enough...thoroughly inspirational, lyrical, charming and cheeky...a winning spark that ignites the lovelorn imagination.
FAIR A minimalist musical which makes the most of the 'boy-meets-girl theme.
GOOD Sweet, romantic musical hits all the right notes.
GOOD A simply sung tale that deserves attention.
GOOD A soulful valentine to music, friendship and the joys of honest hard graft, played out in the bedsits and recording studios of a deglamourised Dublin.
GOOD A rare innocence and a fresh approach to filmmaking make this a thoroughly charming and unconventional love story.
GOOD In some places the camerawork feels a little underwhelming, and at times the leads' inexperience in acting shows up in comparison to their musical performances, but overall it works as a quiet, wistful modern romance.
GOOD A film to fall in love with and take a date to, Once's heart leaps from its sleeve. Pure and simple yet multiplex-unfriendly, this fantastic musical may take some seeking out, but once found it's hard to forget.
GOOD Note to metalheads: if Damien Rice-style singer-songwriters have you reaching for the sick bucket, you might want to give it a miss.
GOOD The year's most pleasant cinematic surprise. Once has enough heart, wit, verve and sheer songwriting genius to ensure you'll see it far more times than its title suggests.
GOOD Easily one of the best films of the year.
GOOD An embodiment of what the digital revolution was supposed to provide but so often doesn't.
GOOD It would be interesting to know how much of their conversation was actually in Carney's screenplay and how much was ad-libbed as the camera rolled; there's a wonderful spontaneity in both the dialogue and the musical performances.
GOOD Is it honestly felt? Absolutely. Is it perfect? Only in spots.
GOOD ...a unique, enthralling experience in which song and emotion stand in for dialogue and plot.
GOOD The bohemian Irish musical is so phenomenal you'll need to see it a second time, if only to confirm to yourself that the movie is really as good as you remembered.
FAIR The performances are so naturalistic ... the film feels like a documentary about the early origins of a now hot indie emo band.
GOOD Like all great pop songs, you can't wait to hear how it ends, and few conclusions feel as complete as that in "Once." For a film so joyfully attuned to the tumultuous nature of composition, it's no surprise that this is one of 2007's best.
GOOD We do not fall in love nearly enough at the movies, but this is one to adore.
FAIR Casting musicians rather than actors proves to be a wise choice because their interplay is completely naturalistic. All of the musical interaction is authentic and, by extention, so is their entire relationship.
FAIR Even when Carney lays on the indie film visual aesthetics a little too thick, the movie never feels anything less than heart-wrenchingly authentic.
GOOD A touching, tender and smart film that effectively blends elements of musical and romance, while maintaining an air of realism and honesty one rarely finds in either genre.
GOOD Every note brings us closer to these characters.
GOOD Beginning with a...hymn to the...power of musical harmony, SMiLE is the definitive utopian view of the [US] as filtered through the...twilight of the Summer of Love.
FAIR Despite substandard animation, this brightly coloured sequel has a strong enough sense of both its story and characters to hold the audience's attention.
FAIR Boasts an impressive cast, catchy tunes and an entertaining fairy tale plot.
BAD Even by the standards of allowance-snatching half-term filler, this is pretty indifferent ...
BAD A cynical cash-grab riding on the coat-tails of far better productions.
BAD This film is very offbeat and psychedelic in that regard, though regrettably not nearly as accomplished or engaging as Alice in Wonderland which is loosely resembles.
BAD A cheap and charmless reminder to leave the classics alone.
FAIR Kid-friendly with some neat visuals.
BAD Carping on a film clearly targeted to 5-year-olds might seem unjust, but the filmmakers go about their business in such a lazy fashion that the viewer can't help but feel irritated by the whole ordeal.
BAD Being an effective virtual babysitter isn't the same as being a satisfying entertainment.
BAD Resting on the laurels of its namesake, Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return suffers from lackluster storytelling, TV-quality animation and haphazard music, all of which don't hold a candle to the many Oz tales that have come before it.
BAD Wasting a voice cast populated with recognisable names, this attempt to cash in on nostalgia for its source material evokes more bewilderment and boredom than excitement or wistful reminiscence.
BAD That it scored a few actual names [...] gives it the veneer of class, but it was designed to fool kids and their gullible parents, yet make everyone who sees it sad.
FAIR Oz has its moments, even to this day.
BAD "Aside from giving some very talented people so little to work with, perhaps the film's biggest crimes are its crimes against cinema and literature."
BAD A glorified 90-minute distraction for kids - not an enchanting and memorable addition to the Wizard of Oz movie pantheon.
FAIR Kids will like well-intentioned sequel, but it lacks magic.
BAD It's short on jokes and hampered by unmemorable musical numbers (including one about building a boat), and the film's niceness can't overcome the dopey tedium.
BAD Dorothy's return doesn't give you much of a return for the time invested.
BAD The best children's films have a tendency to both traumatize and amaze, but Legends Of Oz does neither.
BAD This is one of those movies that parents will have to ask themselves if they love their child enough to sit through it.
BAD It sounds more like a threat than a promise.
FAIR Ironic detachment and pop culturing pandering are mercifully absent. In their place is a disarming, welcome sincerity.
BAD ...strictly for the little ones, although serious students of computer animation may want to take a look as well.
BAD It's a little shocking how leaden the jokes are in this movie.
BAD Unfortunately, the computer-animated Legends of Oz can be charitably described as a pastiche; a better word might be mishmash.
BAD Delivered with all the vivid, impeccably detailed digital animation one usually sees in non-Pixar offerings of the late 1990s or daytime TV ads for The General auto insurance.
BAD With dubious scruples, and much Broadway-style caterwauling, the film imagines what The Wizard of Oz would look like with a should-have-gone-straight-to-video chimney on her.
BAD Devoid of the visual magic and heartfelt emotion of the original film, this version of Oz and Dorothy 2.0 feel like the cheaply made knockoffs you find in a dollar store: garishly shiny, flimsy and not built to last.
BAD Joyless, witless, and even a tad heartless
BAD "Legends of Oz" feels like the opposite of the original film. Underneath its aggressive distractions and dim ideas, it has no heart.
BAD The enterprise, while gently reverent, looks and feels as shaky as it sounds, tonally as flat as Kansas farmland.
BAD There are songs, by a motley crew of tunesmiths who include Bryan Adams, but except for a showstopper tailor-made for Short, they don't make much of an impact. Ditto for the script ...
FAIR Directors Will Finn and Dan St. Pierre create an animated musical rooted in the classic tale with wonderful, colorful and detailed settings, and a story that is gentle and sweet.
BAD The merry old land of Oz ceases being so merry in the cheaply animated, generically written Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.
BAD "Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return" lacks any sense of magic. These won't be songs you'll find yourself singing over and over after you've left the theater or a movie you'll be watching again and again. Once is enough.
BAD [A] crass, cheap, hack-job cash-grab.
BAD Mostly, the film reaffirms how hard it is to make a movie as unforgettable and enduring as "The Wizard of Oz." Good chance you'll forget this one on the way home from the theater.
BAD Animated in form but completely listless in content.
BAD Proves it's better to burn out, than to fade away.
FAIR Pleasant, but hardly pulse-quickening stuff.
FAIR Shows the famed songwriter's performance and work off with reverance, and a faithfullness to the live experience.
GOOD The result is simply spellbinding.
FAIR ...Neil Young has experimented with film many times, but this is by far the most accessible cinematic treatment of his music; a troubadour at the top of his game.
GOOD A potent brew of humanity, empathy, and dignity.
GOOD Regardless of what you call it, Heart of Gold is a revelation and one of 2006's best movies.
GOOD Demme continues to make concert films not because he's a fan, but because the concerts are inherantly cinematic and make perfect sense.
FAIR ...The arrival of Neil Young: Heart of Gold should be an inspiration to music buffs and cinephiles alike.
GOOD The beauty of the movie is in how alive it all sounds: rich and rueful and satisfying.
BAD It doesn't penetrate his craggy mystique, or make us hear his music in a new way. Instead, it's the same old choir song.
FAIR It shows the whole of Young's music as a well-worn mixture of brawn and grace. But it reveals the new Young album, Prairie Wind, as a sometimes musty echo of his 1972 acoustic-rock classic, Harvest.
GOOD You come away from the picture feeling as if you'd learned something new about the wonder of music, and maybe the human spirit, too. There can't be a much higher recommendation for seeing it.
GOOD A work of dreamlike eloquence, that, like Young's music, is both spare and rich.
GOOD Maybe it's not better to burn out than fade away after all.
GOOD This chronicle of the human condition set to music will only rise in value and statue over time.
FAIR Demme makes you part of the experience in a way that few concert films truly achieve.
FAIR This Prairie Wind concert is one long sweet twang of wistful not-quite-regret.
GOOD The songs situate the performer within the continuum of not just family but music history...
FAIR Every bit as laid-back and genial as the musician is himself.
GOOD Two masters -- musician Neil Young and filmmaker Jonathan Demme -- combine their considerable talents to make Neil Young: Heart of Gold a gem of a concert film.
GOOD When it comes to pop-music icons, Neil Young is the full package.
BAD The all-acoustic, Young-unplugged concert is gilded in reverence but is appreciably lacking in, well, electricity ... Diehards will have to wait until the last 20 minutes for Young to mine his repertoire of golden 1970s hits.
GOOD There are no audience reactions and little behind-the-scenes footage -- just Young and his friends, making beautiful music.
GOOD ...if you're considering waiting to see it on DVD, do yourself a favor and go see it in the theater. It'll be worth every penny.
GOOD ...A touching and powerful film that deserves to be on the shortlist, along with "Gimme Shelter," "The Last Waltz" and Demme's own "Stop Making Sense" as one of the all-time great concert movies.
FAIR Neil Young: Heart of Gold turns the traditional concert film into an exquisite, intimate experience.
BAD Some defiant rockers are forever young. This one is in name only.
GOOD It does what the best movies of any genre do: turn the produced and scripted into something sincere and honest.
FAIR Like its troubadour, Heart of Gold is smart and generous with its seeming simplicity.
FAIR Who is the star here, Neil Young or Hank William's guitar?
GOOD What I'm saying is that you don't have to already be a fan.
GOOD All the apprehension and nostalgia in the music translates beautifully to the screen under Jonathan Demme's direction.
GOOD Well-balanced, witty and illuminating. A must-see for anyone who's even remotely interested in photography
FAIR The film's segments move seamlessly from one topic to the next with the unselfconscious ease of a good dinner party.
FAIR Niles and White capture the fear in the faces of the band members - but also their energetic fortitude and willingness to move on from their past suffering.
FAIR Right now, Sierra Leone's civil war and its recent history involving the illegal diamond trade are the engines of Blood Diamond. The Refugee All Stars makes a realist, humanist antidote to that movie's many Hollywood trappings.
GOOD an absorbing journey over gritty social terrain, driven by a fierce sense of purpose
GOOD In the end, you can't help but wonder exactly what it was you've just seen. A hard-hitting expose? Voyeuristic slumming? A true tale of triumph, against all odds? A self-aggrandizing, vanity biopic? Some new type of reality film?Perhaps all of the above.
GOOD Profundamente comovente e tragico, apesar de suas obvias falhas estruturais e %u2013 o mais grave %u2013 de pisar em um terreno instavel em seu aspecto etico.
GOOD Every thinking adult should see this compelling Oscar-nominated documentary.
FAIR [The filmmakers'] approach to the material makes it palatable, but a grittier style would have added depth and power.
FAIR It's a testament to the abilities of these Calcutta children that the most touching images revealed in Born Into Brothels are those taken by themselves.
FAIR An unsentimental look at how beauty, artistry, and hope can emerge from the most unexpected of places.
FAIR Wears the confidence of a well-planned feature.
GOOD Despite the bleak subject matter, Born into Brothels [contains] moments of pure elation.
GOOD A devastating portrait of impoverished Calcutta children who are born into the sex trades, yet the film is also an inspiring document about human possibilities and the need to strive despite impossible odds.
FAIR Against all odds, it's ultimately an uplifting experience.
FAIR Captures hope and compassion in a shady part of humanity most probably unaccustomed to such things.
FAIR A film that's ultimately more charmingly bittersweet than truly disturbing.
FAIR "There is nothing called hope in my future." Click. Oh yeah, bring a tissue.
GOOD The best moments of Born Into Brothels come when Kauffman and Briski let the children speak for themselves.
FAIR One feels manipulated rather than enlightened.
GOOD Without sentimentality or preaching, Briski and filmmaker Ross Kauffman open our eyes to the universality of the childhood experience and the presence of artistic sensibilities in the most surprising places.
GOOD A beautifully made essay on a filmmaker's efforts to teach the children of Calcutta's prostitutes the fine art of photography.
FAIR The film says all it needs to say through the photos of the kids and their excited, wide-eyed reactions when they realize the outside world is paying attention to them.
GOOD The stories in Brothels are quite moving, and the film sheds light on a part of the world that is rarely seen anywhere.
GOOD Oh, Calcutta -- harsh and real like we've never seen it. ... This is one dazzling documentary that continues to develop.
GOOD It uses the medium to capture and reveal something and to inform the audience about it.
GOOD As powerful and uplifting as the film is, the end results are tempered by sadness, and prove that no matter how good your intentions, some problems are insurmountable.
GOOD Even when Born Into Brothels shows a world one might rather pretend didn't exist, it is enchanting to view.
FAIR Briski's seeming sincerity and her positive results make up for one's occasional misgivings about her showy empathy for the unfortunate...
FAIR Meeting these young photographers is delightful, but what this film needed to transcend into greatness is more of Briski.
GOOD It's one of the most inspiring finales I've seen in a long while.
FAIR Briski gives herself too much screen time, making sure we see how tirelessly she fights to give the kids educational opportunities, health care and group photo exhibits at swank Manhattan galleries.
FAIR The film and the photos taken by the children are full of images that touch a range of emotion from inspiring, to laughter to tears... as beautiful as it is heartbreaking.
GOOD Beautifully filmed, and devoid of the kind of patronizing beneficence that First Worlders often bring to the Third World.
FAIR It represents a certain kind of missionary zeal that I find troubling--more accurately, distasteful.
GOOD Born of genuine research and a desire to shine light into the darkness, as all great documentaries must.
GOOD A documentary full of hope. That, in our humble opinion, is worth the price of admission.
BAD Dismal, cliche-ridden stuff.
BAD What could've been a fun '80s throwback ends up more frustrating that it's worth.
BAD Battle of the Year would rather use crowd-shot cutaways to convince you of the dancers' prowess than focusing on the stage.
BAD If director Werner Herzog can do it with 'Rescue Dawn' and 'Little Dieter Needs to Fly,' why can't director Benson Lee?
BAD In particular, as mentioned, the dance sequences are a mess, which is the kiss of death for a film in this genre.
BAD Battle of the Year is no Step Up 3D. But then, what is?
BAD Filled with fancy, if frenetic footwork but weighed down by all-too-familiar plot/characters/dialogue.
BAD Athletic dancing and a patriotic theme make this movie better than it should be.
BAD Introduce female choreographer. Explore misogyny for 15 seconds. Become uncomfortable with ideas. Disappear female choreographer.
BAD After months of patient waiting, 2013 has finally produced a movie that's so bad it's good.
BAD Eschewing shaded characterization and often basic sense, while establishing what should be the high-water mark for most crotch-grabbing in a single film in 2013.
BAD There's not nearly enough quality material to make Battle of the Year recommendable to anyone other than the most hard-core of dance fanatics.
BAD The bar for urban-flavoured dance movies has already been set pretty low, but Battle Of The Year effortlessly leans back and limbos on below it.
BAD Passable drama has great dancers but no originality.
BAD A dead-in-the-soul cash grab of a movie set in the competitive world of B-boy dancing that thinks cliches, phony melodrama and product placement can substitute for real storytelling and actual characters.
BAD The movie's inability to showcase its greatest asset, the grace and control of its dancers, is its most conspicuous failing.
BAD The 3-D is a pain, and the excitable editing, slo-mo and speeded-up action frustrate attempts to watch the athleticism on display ...
BAD A film steeped in the streetwise hip-hop culture should have an edge, but Battle of the Year is safer and softer than Drake's last album.
BAD The miracle of the new 3-D dance film "Battle of the Year" is how it can be so relentlessly boring while there is so much frenetic activity on screen.
BAD The raison d'etre of popping-and-locking scenes is trumped by tired team-building bathos, whose flagrancy is anything but conducive to spreading the film's hug-it-out bro-love.
BAD The story is a derivative quilt, patching together cliches from every sports movie since 1976.
BAD This 3-D spectacle is less the dance movie that's going to make b-boying cool again than a shill for sponsors' gear.
BAD At the risk of sounding 100, I think it's regrettable this film had to be shot in digital 3-D.
BAD A frenetic mess that makes Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloolook like a Fellini film.
BAD Battle of the Year is too inept to make this tired premise sing.
BAD If you can get past the mountain of cliches and poor acting and hackneyed story lines and the fact that someone let Chris Brown be in a movie, "Battle of the Year" is actually ... still pretty awful.
BAD Chris Brown gets punched in the face, so it's not a total wash.
BAD so familiar that you half expect Julia Stiles and Channing Tatum to show up and start hoofing
BAD Everything about Benson Lee's predictable dance flick "Battle of the Year" strikes me as old.
BAD It isn't good by any stretch of the imagination, but B-movie lovers who like their dance movies flashy, fun, and spectacularly dumb shouldn't mind.
BAD Battle of the Year crams so many cliches into its 109 minutes that you just know it will end with a sports movie freeze-frame. And it does!
FAIR It's undeniable that the good-natured "Afterschool Special" vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round.
BAD Not badly executed, but not the least bit original either.
BAD Remarkably, the highlight of Benson Lee's film, essentially a fiction reboot of his Planet B-Boy, isn't the scene where Chris Brown gets punched in the face.
GOOD Wandering in a narcoleptic stupor, Pitt's junkie rock star is as much lost soul as tortured genius, and Van Sant refrains from tacky pop theorising or tired rock-crit veneration.
BAD "Posljednji dani" bi vrlo lako mogli dovr%u0161iti ono %u0161to je prije vi%u0161e od jednog desetlje%u0107a zapo%u010Deo hitac iz sa%u010Dmarice.
GOOD Ne reinventant pas l'approche de sa serie, Gus Van Sant nous offre plutot avec Last Days une uvre qui effectue brillamment la synthese des deux opus precedents.
BAD Van Sant's refusal to delve into his subject in anything but an abstract way renders the movie pointless and frustrating -- a lyrical, lovely tone poem, signifying little.
GOOD For those open to the experience, it's a spellbinding, hypnotic masterpiece.
GOOD At the cinema it's an overextended and somewhat frustrating experience, but its real achievement is that it provokes thought in the hours and days following.
BAD It would be churlish and somewhat facetious to say that by the end of the film you'll sympathise with Blake because you'll want to kill yourself too, but you do find yourself wondering if maybe that was the intention.
FAIR A beguiling work of some beauty, this is a further move into a world of hypnotic, observational cinema for Gus Van Sant.
BAD While undeniably beautiful, it carries little more than the obvious voyeuristic appeal.
FAIR A tortured film about a tortured man.
GOOD ...like you're witnessing someone's final moments through the eyes of a waiting angel...
BAD It's unclear if Van Sant intends to inspire guilt; here, as elsewhere, he is exasperatingly abstruse. And in this striving to not say too much, he ends up not saying much of anything at all.
BAD A film about a junkie rock musician, played by Michael Pitt at his most narcissistic, doing nothing in particular for the better part of 97 minutes isn't my idea of either a good time or a serious endeavor.
BAD So little happens in Last Days that watching Blake eat a bowl of Cocoa Rice Krispies assumes epic proportions.
BAD While Last Days succeeds as a nature documentary, Van Sant fails to penetrate human nature. The result is a portrait without a face.
BAD By the end, you too may feel the soul-deep boredom that could lead to suicide.
FAIR Last Days will cast a poetic spell on some viewers, as it did this one, and will seem mind-sappingly boring to others.
GOOD Last Days is director Gus Van Sant's meditation on the death of Kurt Cobain, and an extraordinary meditation it is.
FAIR Last Days offers some insight into Cobain's final frame of mind, but balks at the gates of deeper truth.
GOOD Gus Van Sant ventures into the valley of death steering by an idiosyncratic compass and forsaking the aid of a conventional cinematic map.
FAIR This is not a mainstream film. It's an impressionistic, minimalist anti-movie that attempts to discover an existential truth by showing next to nothing.
BAD Van Sant has lost all touch with his audience in Last Days... It's an experiment and the result is utter nothingness.
FAIR [T]rying to reignite his musical passion in the studio, Pitt comes as close as is comfortable to finding the kernel of life buried by layers of drugs and fame-weariness.
BAD The movie creeps along at a snail's pace, with dialog you can barely make out and even less often understand.
BAD If you're going to make a movie about Kurt Cobain, you might as well make a movie about Kurt Cobain.
FAIR Van Sant uses Cobain's image for a portrait of physical and moral disintegration, but he also exhilarates us with his mastery of image and sound.
BAD Sometimes we see Blake through the window, but, as he moves around the room, often we see nothing but the far wall. Depending on your perspective, this is either incredibly gutsy or incredibly boring.
BAD Last Days has the blank, discombobulated feeling you get when you wake up in a hotel room and your brain hasn't kicked in and you're not sure where you are.
GOOD Last Days is a definitive record of death by gradual drug exhaustion. After the chills and thrills of Sid & Nancy and The Doors, here is a movie that sees how addicts usually die, not with a bang but a whimper.
GOOD Van Sant's design poignantly messes with the viewer's mind
BAD As you watch the movie wholeheartedly and uncritically celebrate the group's "nonconformist" ethos (shouldn't someone gently break it to them?), you can feel the energy being sucked out of you.
FAIR An amiable portrait of the artist as a scruffy slacker, and a useful jumping off point for anyone interested in investigating some of the cultural issues that marked the 1990s and the start of the new millennium.
FAIR Like the art scene it documents, Beautiful Losers is chaotic, anarchic, rambling and populated by charismatic freaks with statement T-shirts, complicated haircuts and impossibly rare trainers.
BAD You can't help but feel like a bit of an eye-rolling parent, wondering if a few of them might benefit from a proper job and a light slap.
FAIR The affection these people have for each other is what makes Beautiful Losers (the name is taken from one of their shows) so attractive.
BAD Prioritising the self over the job means Beautiful Losers is rarely more than a compendium of loveliness and apology.
BAD On your deathbed you will want back the time it takes to see this one.
GOOD One of the year's best documentaries.
FAIR The film's score, by Money Mark, is an entertainment in itself.
GOOD An absorbing look at how a circle of dispossessed young artists from the 1990s eventually found its way to mainstream success.
FAIR This is a pleasant enough visual romp with surprisingly few down notes.
FAIR Some of the art is probably interesting, but Rose's own video-influenced filmmaking style leaves little time for inspection or reflection.
FAIR [A] pleasant film, which sings the praises of nonconformity.
BAD Though [Director] Mr. Rose can't be blamed for waxing nostalgic, he can't much expect us to care about so fawning and self-serving a document.
BAD It succeeds intermittently and is reasonably enlightening, but whether audiences are really going to warm up to the individuals presented here is questionable.
GOOD a celebration of rude and raw art and the kinetic charge of experiencing something fresh and undefiled
FAIR The cultural time capsule doubles as a testament to the joys of outsiders bonding, with interviewees emphasizing how they finally felt like they belonged somewhere after years of asphyxiating alone on the fringe.
BAD Aaron Rose and Joshua Leonard don't properly contextualize this mini-scene within the larger art world, nor provide basic background on their speakers.
BAD ...suffers from an egregiously "inside" sensibility that ensures neophytes will periodically be left scratching their heads at the whole thing.
GOOD George calls funk the bridge between soul music and hip hop, and he builds a strong case. Funk refused to be put in any box. Wherever it came from, and wherever it's still doing, it gets your motor moving.
FAIR Between the toe twinkling and ivory tickling it's still a comfortable, cosy way to pass an afternoon.
FAIR Although all the holiday's are covered, this is really a Christmas movie at heart. Overshadowed by its more famous (and overrated) remake, Holiday Inn deserves more credit than it gets.
GOOD This classic musical paired Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire for the first time.
GOOD Classic musical with some controversial material.
FAIR The film's highlight is a bang-up July 4th 'Let's Say It with Firecrackers' that finds Astaire in fine form.
FAIR Call it old-fashioned or old Hollywood fluff, Holiday Inn is a sweet, pleasant slice of another time in pop entertainment.
GOOD Great songs and stars and a pretty good script, too
FAIR One of Astaire's low points, but with a sensational 4th of July dance number.
FAIR Despite not being the success it could have been, this can still inspire a festive glow.
GOOD Holiday Inn, is, of course, filled with the kind of pretty Christmas songs and picture-postcard scenes of snow and horse-drawn sleighs that make for beloved holiday movies. But there's also some darkness lurking here.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
GOOD It's a film to bring tears to the eyes of a cynic - in fact, a cynic might relish it more than anyone, since it's the counterpointing of exuberance with unashamed bleakness that makes The Last Five Years so rich.
BAD A musical lives or dies based on the quality of its songs, and though The Last Five Years delivers some solid tunes none of them are earworms that'll stay with you beyond the closing credits.
BAD Kendrick puts across her songs with toothsome charm and conviction but the flashback structure is cumbersome, the music isn't distinctive and Jamie is such a preening narcissist that you can't help but think Cathy is well rid of him.
BAD A patchy adaptation of a Broadway musical -- think The Umbrellas of Williamsburg -- which is elevated but not entirely saved by the presence of Anna Kendrick in one of the two central roles.
FAIR Even if this doesn't go down in cinema history as a great musical, it's certainly well worth a watch and a listen.
GOOD This is what Fifty Shades of Grey should have been. Only instead of whips and riding crops, the female lead must submit to infidelity and career humiliation.
FAIR LaGravenese's direction remains appreciably intimate, ensuring this project ends up close to where it began: not one for the ages, perhaps, but a pretty good night out nevertheless.
GOOD This may not be the "Happily Ever After" movie you wanted on Valentine's Day weekend, but it's the most real movie you'll see about love.
BAD An intriguing study of couples balancing their career with their relationship, but we get lost in the monotonous music, and crave just a proper, good old-fashioned conversation.
FAIR Anna Kendrick, of all-round-awesome fame, is singing again in this adaptation of an off-Broadway musical.
FAIR Careers and love collide in this cathartic New York-set sing-a-long session that relishes both life's highs and lows, only occasionally hitting bum notes.
FAIR Despite tuneless songs, Kendrick's and Jordan's bursting-to-wilting performances are worth the 90 minutes invested in this swiftly moving, set-to-music anatomy of a marriage.
BAD While it doesn't do anything glaringly wrong, neither does it do much to distinguish itself, or to warrant recommending it to anyone outside of the Glee fan community.
GOOD A heartbreaking and human-scaled musical romance that burns as brightly as its two stars, Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
BAD I love that Anna Kendrick is frequently making musicals, and hope she keeps doing so. And that the next few are better than this
GOOD LaGravenese has pulled off a tricky feat. The Last 5 Years may have a limited audience among musical comedy lovers (since there's nothing blowing up and no witches involved), but they will be appreciative.
GOOD Telling the tough truth instead of being lied to with a glamorized version of theatre through rose-colored glasses, "The Last Five Years" establishes Anna Kendrick as a serious singer through Jason Robert Brown's naturally flowing, unpretentious music.
BAD Star Anna Kendrick's appeal is stretched to its limit here, and her lover Jeremy Jordan's character is hard to take in large doses.
GOOD There's a tendency to try to assign blame in the aftermath of a failed romance, but The Last Five Years won't or, maybe, can't do such a thing.
FAIR LaGravenese should be commended for his vision and tenacity, which has helped to create a piece that should be catnip to fans of the modern musical theatre -- and in these post-Glee days, who isn't?
BAD When The Last Five Years ends, rather than experiencing a sucker punch to the gut, all that one really feels is... nothing.
FAIR The Last Five Years is a small, bootstrap kind of movie, obviously a labor of love, and it works well because of the passion, charisma and Broadway belts of the two leads.
FAIR An 'indie' musical, not just in its modest production values but also in the emotional intensity of its mumblecore-esque focus on the romantic and career struggles of a pair of artsy young people in a big city.
BAD Despite the considerable chemistry and energy Kendrick and Jordan bring to their starring-crossed lovers, The Last Five Years emerges as a surprisingly inert musical experience chronicling one of the most passive romantic breakups committed to film.
FAIR Kendrick and Jordan seem too squeaky-clean to convey the full weight of the characters' psychological baggage, yet LaGravenese's balanced, unpretentious direction allows the material to resonate all the same.
FAIR Jordan comes out of this movie respectably, while Kendrick comes out of it a star. In fact, she's potentially the first great movie musical star of her generation.
FAIR A very funny, deeply affecting portrait of love lost and found.
FAIR As far as I'm concerned, Anna Kendrick can make a musical twice annually for the next few decades.
GOOD Great even if you hate musicals.
FAIR Detailing the ups and downs of romance, Kendrick and Jordan enchant on screen.
GOOD The film is an enchanting creation -- a showcase for Kendrick's rising star, but also a bold shot in the arm for the musical genre itself.
GOOD Kendrick qualifies as the movie's secret weapon - actually not so secret now that she's charmed audiences in both 'Into the Woods' and 'Pitch Perfect.'
FAIR Musical adaptation has charming stars; some racy stuff.
FAIR Even though there are relatable hurtful truths found in this uncompromising pair, there isn't enough specialness in the characters or their story to make us feel for them.
GOOD With an equally stunning soundtrack, this rollicking yarn is a must for all film lovers.
GOOD The film's got a big scope and a big heart, even taking time to decry class, social, and racial discrimination.
GOOD A great big Bollywood musical, complete with song and dance and doomed love triangles and elegantly photographed men playing cricket. And it's terrific fun, in a way that only great big musical fantasies can be.
GOOD A great introduction to the joys of Indian popular cinema.
GOOD This is a lavish production that will remain a favourite for years to come.
FAIR So fascinating, you may not notice how much time has passed when the credits finally roll.
FAIR There's no denying that when this film is good, it's very good.
GOOD After having seen this Cinemascope extravaganza in a theater, on DVD and video, I still think the big screen experience is worth it.
GOOD The most deliriously entertaining movie of the summer.
GOOD It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good, but it is.
FAIR Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.
BAD There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew.
GOOD An enormously entertaining movie, like nothing we've ever seen before, and yet completely familiar.
GOOD Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance, music, suspense and action.
GOOD A rippingly good, old-fashioned movie epic that takes the best of Bollywood cinema ... and elevates it for an international audience.
BAD A one-stop shopping experience in the cinema of the subcontinent.
FAIR An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser that charms you into forgiving any of its shortcomings.
GOOD I have a new favorite musical -- and I'm not even a fan of the genre
FAIR If you haven't sampled India's indigenous cinema, this is a great place to begin.
GOOD It's not so much a movie as an experience, an exhilarating dip into different cultural waters to a place where lovers actually call each other 'beloved' and no one laughs.
GOOD A movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title, entertaining, enlightening, and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution.
GOOD About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come.
FAIR Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting.
GOOD It's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor.
FAIR Provides an entertainingly accessible introduction into the world of the Bollywood musical.
GOOD Rarely in either Hollywood or Bollywood has such magic been wrought so seamlessly by the concerted, coordinated efforts of so many for the enjoyment of all.
GOOD An affectionate homage to a popular genre that raises it to the level of an art film with fully drawn characters, a serious underlying theme, and a sophisticated style and point of view.
GOOD Unbeatable entertainment from India, and proof that the often derided Bollywood film industry is entirely capable of beating Hollywood at its own game.
GOOD In some ways, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood. Except it's much, much better.
FAIR If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun.
GOOD This is a movie that knows its business -- pleasing a broad, popular audience -- and goes about it with savvy professionalism and genuine flair.
GOOD Flatley himself, a construction worker turned award-winning dancer, seems to be using gravity as a catalyst rather than an impediment to his ebullience
BAD Lord of the Dance 3D is the Showgirls of concert documentaries.
BAD [The film] doesn't offer a single flying sequin to justify its considerably higher ticket price. It's simply a blandly shot recording of Michael Flatley's musical revue, as performed overseas.
BAD An essential document of bad taste that needs to go right into the time capsule. History must not forget.
BAD The excitement factor only intermittently carries from the arena to the screen.
FAIR When you're not slack-jawed in amazement at the fancy footwork, you'll probably be giggling (or groaning) at Flatley's overcooked sense of the dramatic.
FAIR If you're a fan, then you'll probably be thrilled by this more literal rendering of Celtic thunder, with the Zeus-like Flatley delivering lightning bolts of pizazz from his own showbiz heaven.
BAD There are lots of close-ups of Flatley's lightning-fast feet, as well as some cheesy slow-motion leaps, but no sense of the complexity or continuity of the dance combinations.
BAD A faithful transcription of a live performance, but it lacks the you-are-there dimension of the most involving concert films.
BAD Music video director Marcus Viner's 3D cameras don't take us into the performance or even up on the stage with the dancers. Stylistically, it's a very pedestrian treatment of its subject.
FAIR Even in 3D, the screen is no substitute for experiencing the energetic excitement of Michael Flatley.
GOOD Possibly the single most subversive fact about the film is that all else being equal, it's one of the best original movie musicals in a generation.
FAIR Entertaining raunchfest; not for kids.
FAIR Manages to be both amazingly stupid and clever at the same time.
BAD Nastier than it is subversive or funny.
GOOD Among other things, the South Park movie restores the happy shock and exuberance of talking dirty.
GOOD This movie is nasty, shocking, hilarious, and close to brilliant.
GOOD If, like me, you're sick of every work of art getting judged by your grandmother's delicate sensibilities and would like to watch some real artists have some fun while flipping off the cultural watchdogs, this film was made for you.
GOOD It's savagely funny, it's true to the core essence of the show, and it expands on the show in ways that television, due to content restrictions and time limitations, simply couldn't allow. And the tunes rock.
FAIR Vulgar and tasteless as usual, but most definitely longer and, quite obviously, to its detriment, uncut.
GOOD It will offend a lot of people who need to be offended once in a while.
GOOD I found this film hysterically funny and quite thought-provoking.
FAIR Rude, but inspired.
GOOD Inspired, brilliant filmmaking and one of the most scathing satires to come along in some time.
FAIR Howled like a banshee, I did. But I felt really guilty about it, so maybe I won't go straight to hell -- where, as it happens, about a third of the movie takes place.
GOOD One of the sharpest satirical movies of the '90s as well as the best musical comedy in at least 20 years?
FAIR The satirical message is that the moral defenders of impressionable American youth would literally rather see violent death than obscenity, but Parker and Stone end up delivering both in overabundant quantities to prove their point.
BAD You can't shake the feeling that 60 minutes of comedy has been stretched and teased and goosed to make 80 minutes of movie.
BAD A quarter of an hour would have been plenty of time with these tart-tongued tiny tots.
FAIR Raunchy, riotously irreverent and thrillingly rangy!
GOOD You can't get around it sometimes: a swear word is all that will do. This is one of those cases.
GOOD I was reasonably sure I was going to enjoy the film; what I didn't expect was a first-rate satire of censorship and the kind of political hysteria that currently threatens to create it.
FAIR Yes, it's offensive and rude and lewd and I don't feel comfortable with the idea that kids are probably going to have access to it, but ... man, it's funny!
GOOD Very funny, extremely obscene.
FAIR While there aren't more than a handful of gut-busting, laugh-aloud moments, there is enough sly, slick humor to keep the average viewer chuckling throughout.
FAIR The year's most slashing political commentary is not in the new films by Oliver Stone, David Lynch or John Sayles, but in an animated comedy about obscenity.
FAIR Loud, funny, crude and very rude.
BAD Made for tween girls.
FAIR Duff carries off the lead role with confidence and grace, exuding a kind of fresh-faced naivete not often found in other young female stars these days.
BAD 10 Reasons Why You Should (Or Shouldn't) See Raise Your Voice...
BAD In watching the anemically manipulative Raise Your Voice, one wouldn't mind calling for a touch of well-needed laryngitis.
BAD It's 'Fame,' 'Footloose,' 'Peyton Place,' and 'Hilary Duff's Greatest Hits' rolled into one moist glob
BAD This ain't Fame. It will not live forever.
BAD This film is nothing more than a series of cliches strung together with a lot of shots of Hilary Duff in tight tank tops.
BAD Hilary Duff's latest vehicle ought to be a hearse carrying the ashes of her career.
BAD Hilary Duff finds "Fame" amid this tepid, tremulous fluff, aimed specifically at 'tweens.
BAD Sean McNamara directs this pleasant piece of fluff that is aimed at teens.
BAD Raise Your Voice is like a Hallmark movie of the week produced by an MTV intern.
BAD A sanitized version of "Fame" for the pre-teen set
BAD When Homer Simpson takes a can of Duff beer and crushes it against his thick skull, it's curious how the resulting object has all the dimension of one of Hilary Duff's roles.
BAD "Raise Your Voice" is nothing to shout about. But it's nothing to shout down, either.
BAD [Most viewers] will be left wondering, between endless soundtrack-selling video montages, how a girl with such a wispy baby-girl voice got into a serious music program.
BAD Even the kindest reaction to Raise My Voice is likely to be 'shut your face.'
BAD To be fair, the normally likeable Duff gives an adequate performance, but the poorly executed scenes in which Duff's singing voice was clearly post-dubbed and her own lack of emotional range keep the film from rising to whatever potential it may have had.
FAIR The music in Raise Your Voice ... manages to bring home what the uninspired script doesn't: Something in you dies if you don't express your musical talent.
BAD A teen movie so inspirational and heartwarming that it comes with its very own lip gloss.
FAIR It's particularly good at capturing that time of life when you simultaneously believe everything is possible and that each tiny misstep is the end of the world.
FAIR Duff at 17 is so easy to take. She radiates without smugness, like the blessed offspring of Marilyn Monroe and a virile marshmallow.
BAD Under Sean McNamara's direction, the film seems sappy and superficial, a voice barely raised to a whisper.
BAD An earnest and eager Fame for the young and the tin-eared.
BAD One could be forgiven for thinking of Raise Your Voice as a Disney Channel special that was mistakenly spun out into the multiplexes.
BAD Overlong, blandly soporific movie.
FAIR Not since the students spilled out onto the streets in Fame has musical performance been so infectious a part of coming of age.
BAD The filmmakers make a big show of striving for sincerity and substance, but they so load the dice that their movie is heavy-going from start to finish.
BAD Gives Duff another chance to play a contemporary Cinderella, but she still isn't able to find real character depth. Then again, the script doesn't demand much of her.
BAD A boring, badly written, cliche-heavy outing with lousy production values, various moral messages unfit for childhood consumption and songs from the known-carcinogen school of pop.
BAD A miserable waste of a harebrained script fleshed out with mediocre performances by a flailing cast.
BAD The film suffers from a syndrome I'll call the Pop Princess's New Clothes. Hilary can't really sing, and neither can Terri, so you can't help but wonder, what's the big whoop?
BAD Like most performers who chuck TV fame for the big screen, [Duff] follows one grim vehicle (A Cinderella Story) with this even worse one just a few months later.
BAD If it's possible, each successive Hilary Duff film seems to become more formulaic than the one before... just as each has become more predictable and treacly.
BAD Her dad was right about one thing. Something terrible did happen to her in Los Angeles. She made this movie.
BAD If it weren't such a crippling cliche it might be moving, but it is insanely trite and not poignant at all; worse, it's unintentionally funny.
BAD The movie is the most fun kind of terrible.
FAIR Fanning makes Currie's fame- and pharmaceutical-fueled transformation/liberation at once exhilarating and terrifying.
BAD [It chooses] to merely nod at the more complicated, strange and exciting aspects of the band's story and spend most of its time touching on the usual stuff
FAIR In age-appropriate casting, Fanning doesn't put a platform boot wrong in her portrayal of a valley girl rock chick (circa. 1975) growing up way too fast, with neither the inclination nor the wherewithal to slow down.
FAIR Director Floria Sigismondi brings the tale of this real-life pop-punk band to the screen with the traits of a vapid, glossy promo video. And it works! A shame about the length then.
FAIR It's not so much a shock to the system as a series of practised strokes, yet -- for moments at a time -- it makes you squirm happily in your seat.
FAIR Sigismondi's dramatised account of the band has echoes of Almost Famous as it captures a tangy flavour of the hunger for fame and the bittersweet reality of success in the Seventies rock scene.
FAIR For the most part it works, thanks to painstaking recreations of hazy disco-era dive bars, faded roller rinks and seedy motels, plus a ballsy performance by Kristen Stewart.
GOOD Fanning captures Currie's surly "Cherry Bomb" style effectively, particularly when dolled up in the notorious white basque that Currie is remembered for; Stewart is even better as the furiously smouldering Jett.
BAD Given that the band were more about attitude than music, there's not a lot of substance here.
FAIR There's a wham, bam, thank you, man, quality to this music biopic that makes it a pleasurable rock rush that's easy on the eye, even if it fails to do much more than skate the surface of the band of its title.
FAIR Maybe The Runaways is Linson's way of showing that he can make a success of this subject, and I think he has done, with a film which shows how brutal and sexist rock'n'roll is.
FAIR As far as music biopics go this is conventional fare, while the songs - like the fashions - haven't aged well. But with both women giving their all, you can't fault the enthusiasm.
FAIR Exuberant and aggressive but also questionable and ambivalent.
BAD Hazy both as a portrait of teenage excess (a lot of pouting, kissing, and kicking of dustbins) and as an account of The Runaways' fame in the second half of the 1970s (they appear to have been big in Japan).
FAIR Essentially, this is Currie's sob story and it can feel too self-pitying at times, though the high-wattage pairing of Stewart and Fanning keeps it together.
FAIR Cringe-making fun for survivors of the '70s.
FAIR Really, how can you not love Joan Jett weeing on a guitar then slipping over in her own piss? It's Frank Spencer meets Sid Vicious.
FAIR The result is an entertaining mess: lively and stylish, but frustratingly inconsequential.
FAIR In the end, the girls' limited degree of 'success' is a brutal reminder that if you are not in control and are flying too close to a hot lamp, you're likely to get burned.
BAD The film follows the band down the bog- standard rock 'n' roll madness route, and the shallow script doesn't offer much of an insight into Joan or Cherie's personalities along the way.
FAIR The Runaways is let down by its inability to decide where the story ends, but it will doubtless resonate with anyone who ever dreamed of quitting school to become a rock star.
FAIR Okay, so it's not quite as rock'n'roll as what Garbage's Shirley Manson did to her boyfriend's corn flakes. But give the girls a chance, man.
BAD If it wasn't for the music, this biopic would be a total dud.
GOOD Dakota Fanning's pre-teen innocent appearance contributes greatly to the captivating nature of her metamorphosis into rock diva in The Runaways.
FAIR A music-based biopicture about a female hard-rock band that paved the way for many others by proving that chicks can play as well as the guys.
GOOD A hugely enjoyable trash fest. The perfect way for Runaways virgins to pop their Cherry Bomb.
FAIR Deciphering any real meaning from the flame-out of The Runaways is almost impossible. Luckily, there are three fantastic lead performances that always keep things on the right side of watchable.
FAIR Cherry Bombs implode in this revealing biopic of teenage rockers on the edge in The Runaways.
FAIR It has problems but it does do one thing well: it captures the madness and exhilaration of being young, hungry and female in '70s rock'n'roll, a time when when glam rock and punk collided with a sort of feminism.
FAIR The Runaways succeeds in being as brash and trashy as the source material, and just as fun.
FAIR This cautionary rock 'n roll ride is both entertaining and deflating.
BAD 'The Runaways' lacks an anarchistic punch - an authenticity and angst so distinctive of the band's rock n' roll revolution.
FAIR What keeps The Runaways from becoming yet another story of a group being exploited by a Svengali-like manager is that Sigismondi frames the story by having the girls learn from Fowley before slowly discovering how to develop skills that leave him in the d
FAIR The Runaways isn't bad -- it's got spirit and spunk -- but it fails to really punch across this vital period in rock history.
BAD Angelic Dakota Fanning isn't very convincing as either a sexed-up, David Bowie-obsessed teen or a drug addict.
FAIR Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning power the film through its lulls by the sheer force of their performances.
