FAIR Really quite fun. Up to a point.
FAIR The plot may sound fairly simplistic but underneath the blood and guts there's a biting satire about rich cosseted students signing up to causes they hardly understand.
FAIR The Green Inferno receives a palpable shot in the arm from the characters' initial arrival into the tribe's primitive camp...
FAIR A fun and interesting twist on the travelogue sub-genre of horror ... far better than many horror movies with twice the budget.
FAIR A very slow start threatens to derail The Green Inferno, but once the terror begins, it never lets up and Roth once again proves why he's a master of horror.
FAIR if you want an absolutely brutal experience that's tough to endure, just like CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST, this is probably the movie for you.
FAIR A throwback action movie that invokes 1980s nostalgia in all the right ways.
GOOD The Last Stand is a fast-paced, action-heavy throwback, shot with a fluid visual eye by Kim Jee-Woon. Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and better than ever.
BAD As action movies go, it's okay. There are some good ideas underneath and an attempt develop them, but only an attempt. And though time has moved on, Schwarzenegger himself hasn't. As a hero's triumphal return goes, it's more of a whimper.
FAIR Arnie lurches through the film with a kind of defiant dignity, his signature mixture of self-effacing humour and good ol' tough talk allowing us to buy into the kind of big-screen hero he made us fall in love with all those decades ago.
FAIR Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) knows how to fill up the screen, surround his megastar with economy-sized murders, car chases, billowing blood-clouds and goofiness.
FAIR The film, though underdeveloped, is rife with big guns, flippant one-liners, improbable battles, high-octane car chases and way too much testosterone - all the hallmarks of a classic Schwarzenegger film.
FAIR ...it's refreshing to watch a film that wants to be nothing more than a blood-soaked accompaniment to beer and pizza.
BAD The gimmick of Schwarzenegger's return to cinema wears off quickly. A bland bullet riddled excuse for an action flick.
FAIR The Last Stand sees bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger return to the big screen following an eight-year term as Governor of California, because that is the reality we now occupy... A fun, dumb, enjoyable, dumb, mostly well performed, super dumb film.
BAD Mindless, dumb fun as Arnie grunts a few one liners and tries to terminate an escaped drug lord who's in a fast car and heading for freedom.
FAIR Despite some graphic violence and even though it is really silly, this is an entertaining action film showing that Arnold Schwartzenegger has not lost any of his charm.
BAD Surely the former governor of the state could have come across a better script for his return to the big screen in a starring role.
FAIR No, he doesn't demonstrate a lot of 'Terminator'-style moves.But, hey, he doesn't have to. Schwarzenegger, now in his mid-60s, just needs to tote some weapons, seek revenge and utter a few one-liners, which is exactly what he does in 'The Last Stand.'
BAD Arnie stomps his way through a role in which every punch looks clumsy and every line of dialogue sounds like it has been learnt phonetically.
GOOD "The Last Stand" could be an old episode of "Gunsmoke," with its theme of the law versus the bad guys.
FAIR An entertaining, if not particularly longed for, return for the 65-year-old action icon.
FAIR The results are surprisingly good fun, popcorn-friendly, and awfully redolent of Rio Bravo. Fine by us. He's back, alright.
BAD Korean filmmaker Kim played with the Western genre before in his wacky 2008 pastiche The Good the Bad the Weird, and this film is just as chaotically uneven, mixing cartoon-style silliness with grisly violence.
FAIR There isn't much of a story here, though it's great to see Arnold back where he belongs.
FAIR Satisfied customers may include undiscriminating action fans, Luis Guzman completists and Wayne LaPierre (one bad guy meets his reward when he trespasses on the property of a shotgun-toting granny).
FAIR As comebacks go, Schwarzenegger has chosen a really good vehicle with which to remind people of how he became so popular in the first place.
FAIR If slick nostalgia is what you're after, The Last Stand is for you.
FAIR It's entertaining, if a little (a lot) silly.
FAIR It's good to see Arnie moving back to the kind of public service he does best.
FAIR An action star is (re)born.
FAIR A suitably lightweight comeback for Arnie, The Last Stand does just enough to please his legion of fans, and proves the action icon still has charisma to spare.
FAIR Korean film-maker Kim Jee-woon gives it plenty of directorial welly, and it's good to see a film with cop cars flying through the air.
FAIR Arnold is back as an action hero, and playing someone near his own age. Therefore the movie is more believable and thus more entertaining.
FAIR A zippier, zestier film than ... its own hackneyed premise suggests.
BAD A creaky, lethargic and daft action thriller ...
FAIR Many things are blown up, in some style.
GOOD Entertaining, pleasingly old-school Arnie action thriller, enlivened by stylish direction, strong performances and some nice ideas.
BAD Cool to see Arnold back. I just wish the movie was a little better.
BAD Where the film could have been self-aware and a little cleverer for it, director Jee-woon Kim misses a trick by sticking to the action formula.
FAIR That Second Amendment sure kicks ass.
FAIR This has its moments - what Scorsese film does not? -- but over a two-and-a-half-hour stretch it huffs and puffs and still doesn't blow the house down.
GOOD There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
GOOD The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
GOOD Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
GOOD The shocking violence is well-placed. The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump cut cheats here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat. What a corker.
GOOD The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
GOOD This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
FAIR As ingenious as it is artificial.
GOOD Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
GOOD Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
GOOD As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
BAD I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
GOOD The Departed is not for the faint of heart. But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
GOOD It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
GOOD This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
GOOD Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
GOOD Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
BAD The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
FAIR Much splat, little art
FAIR Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
GOOD One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
GOOD The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema. Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
BAD Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't do anything he hasn't done brilliantly several times before.
GOOD Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
GOOD What makes this a Scorsese film, and not merely a retread, is the director's use of actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme. I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's about; it's about how it's about it.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style. The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches. But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about fleshed-out characters or intricate stories. It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture. He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable. For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't know much about this director. But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic. Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them.
FAIR An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
BAD There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope
GOOD Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
BAD In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended.
FAIR The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street."
BAD I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say.
BAD The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on.
GOOD Uneven; definitely has its moments.
BAD Things are so cheap they didn't even spring for uniforms for the so-called cops; everybody seems to be wearing their street clothes.
GOOD One of the best horror-thrillers of the classic era, and a massively inspirational piece of cinema.
GOOD ...[a] demonic clockwork thriller.
GOOD With barely any music, Clouzot unfolds the action with precision timing and suspense, culminating in one of the cinema's first and most memorable twist endings ever.
GOOD set the bar high in terms of both its murderous, yet sympathetic characters and its tense scenario that mixes the conventional thriller elements of lust, jealousy, and homicide with the possibility of supernatural horror
GOOD Still riveting stuff, beautifully acted out by Simone Signoret and Vera Clouzot, the director's wife.
GOOD It's a diabolical masterpiece.
GOOD Satisfying, elegant and nasty.
GOOD This is a masterpiece that easily matches the best of Hitchcock.
GOOD The ending, much copied, is justly famous. But it's the implacable build-up that seals its classic status...
GOOD Delectable suspense with a grand payoff.
GOOD First-class all the way (unlike the Sharon Stone remake)
GOOD Avoids formulas, instead opting to take the audience down the same windy, confusing roads that the characters travel.
GOOD A bitter chiller. One of the most suspenseful films ever made.
FAIR ...[contains] some incredibly satisfying moments and a twist ending that's almost impossible to guess.
GOOD This is one of the dandiest mystery dramas that has shown here in goodness knows when.
GOOD One of the scariest moments ever.
GOOD Everything that you need from a suspense thriller.
FAIR It has the look and feel of one of the original Hitchcock movies from the 30s.
GOOD A scary movie in the spirit of Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, and while it isn't as well known, it's just as chilling.
GOOD [Creates] a diabolical double-reverse plot that keeps the audience guessing right up to the thoroughly implausible final scene.
GOOD With a deliciously curvy and complex plot, Diabolique is a masterpiece of suspense -- as accomplished as anything done by Hitchcock.
FAIR As an historical reenactment it suffers from a great deal of simplification in order to make complex events quickly and easily understandable, and as a drama it suffers from a great deal of build that never really pays on it's promise.
BAD While the performances keep the film afloat, Kapur's over indulgent direction and his inadequate interpretation of history comes dangerously close to running it aground.
BAD odaje sve nedostatke i ograni%u010Denja olovnih vremena u kojima je nastao
GOOD Every shot, every costume is decadent with color, and every single twitch of Blanchett's face is imbued with meaning as she negotiates her way through her warring roles of being a woman and being a queen.
BAD But saddled with this dopey script, [Blanchett] is stuck pulling a series of poses and wearing one ornate gown after another.
FAIR Blanchett is again director Shekhar Kapur's greatest asset. His weakness is his tendency to fall back on silly, melodramatic contrivance better suited to popcorn fare than to a believable meditation on Elizabethan England.
GOOD Betrayal, war, love triangles and most importantly, Cate Blanchett proves to be able to capture strength, anger and sadness better...
FAIR This is an epic, to be sure, but it is also a melodrama, a soap opera of titanic scale and bluster.
BAD Figurinos, direcao de arte e fotografia sao exuberantes, mas fica ate dificil apreciar a performance de Cate Blanchett em meio a um roteiro tao estupido e a direcao "olhem-pra-mim-sou-Cecil-B.-DeMille!" de Shekhar Kapur.
BAD Menos interesante y mas rutinaria que la primera Elizabeth (de 1998), esta segunda parte vale la pena mas que nada por otra brillante composicion de Cate Blanchett.
BAD a muddle that subsumes [its] premise in a mighty attempt to be several things all at once, with an uneven delivery
FAIR ... fearsome and passionate with its visual flair, but incredibly confused as to how it wants to address Elizabeth's life beyond what has already been realized.
GOOD "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" is a worthy sequel to "Elizabeth". Cate Blanchett delivers the same performance that earned her so much praise the first time around. The epic feel harkens back to Hollywood's Golden Age.
BAD The elaborate costumes and set decoration provide the only interest.
BAD Unreliable as history and misguided as a contemporary allegory, Golden Age finally fails because it is a half-hearted spectacle, not even filmed in a widescreen format.
FAIR Shekhar Kapur's Elizabeth sequel is a beautifully shot, impeccably designed and largely entertaining drama, providing you're not a stickler for historical accuracy.
GOOD If this is a film that irritates nearly as much as it pleases, we do get a sense of the times, and of the lady in question. The eyes, if not the brain, are certainly given a workout that they will remember.
FAIR See it anyway for Blanchett's soulful modulation between queenly command and womanly anguish.
BAD Where Kapur's first Elizabeth was cool, cerebral, fascinatingly concerned with complex plotting, the new movie is pitched at the level of a Jean Plaidy romantic novel.
GOOD Rich in colour, sumptuous costumes, political intrigues and the personal relationships which dominate Elizabeth once more.
FAIR Kapur's film is visually arresting, each frame a work of art in miniature. But there is something rather breathless about the storytelling.
FAIR Despite all that's going for it, you can't help thinking this movie could have been so much better.
BAD A handsome but shallow sequel.
BAD The film is just about worth seeing for the wigs and costumes. But Elizabeth: The Golden Age sank without trace in American cinemas, and I fear it will do the same here.
FAIR A lesser movie compared to its 1998 predecessor, this sequel nonetheless delivers the sort of stirring drama and sweeping spectacle its subject demands. Blanchett, meanwhile, shines brightly enough in the title role to make Elizabeth III a certainty.
BAD Making soap of statecraft, the film has plenty of juicy moments, but offers an inconsistent rather than complex view of Elizabeth.
FAIR Sidelines Sir Francis Drake in favour of the dashing Raleigh, nicely summing up the film: all flash, very little bang.
FAIR Over-indulgent and melodramatic, as is the nature of artistic mythmaking, The Golden Age will beguile and repel in equal measure. The performances are supreme, although some viewers may struggle to reconcile the director's epic intentions.
GOOD Even though the script plays fast and loose with historical facts, that indomitable bulldog spirit rings true and holds you captive for the duration.
FAIR It's flawed and it does feel longer because the big finale is less like a battle and more like an on-screen version of battleship, but Cate and Clive are still worth a look.
BAD Want to know what a gifted actress Cate Blanchett is? Watch her keep a straight face throughout Elizabeth: The Golden Age.
FAIR The film is beautifully shot, filling the screen with brightly saturated hues that give it an almost fairy tale-like visual sense, rather like a series of Pre-Raphaelite paintings brought to life.
FAIR okay, but more silver than gold this time out.
BAD The script is the flowery prose of an overly earnest high school student.
BAD The movie contains the usual palace intrigue and overblown dialogue. The only line missing is the one referring to Elizabeth as a "king in petticoats."
FAIR Golden Age starts well, and with sharp wit and crisp dialogue. But as the story moves toward the tentative romance with Raleigh, the film drifts into melodrama...
FAIR Bigger and more exciting than its intimate predecessor.
BAD Breasts heave and the sea storms as historical music swells in Shekhar Kapur's overwrought follow-up to Elizabeth.
BAD There are movies that are so bad they're good, and then there are movies that are so bad they're completely awesome.
FAIR Cate the Great once again imbues the Queen with her captivating mix of steely strength, regal dignity, take-no-crap toughness, and intimate vulnerability.
FAIR Girlhouse is just another nudie horror flick at first glance, but a strong finale finishes things off with a bloody, satisfying moneyshot.
FAIR Girl House is an impressive first feature for Trevor Matthews. For a slasher film, there is suitable attention to detail and a reputable level of respect for all the characters.
BAD Puts the porn back in "torture porn." Pity the parents of these pretty young actresses.
FAIR The air of Gallic nonchalance ensures you have a lot of fun watching Pinon and Ardant match wits. It's Dana, however, who anchors the story.
FAIR An engaging, enjoyable slice of suspense from the French.
BAD Is it supposed to be funny, tragic or what? Even the characters don't seem too sure.
BAD Red herrings abound and audience frustration sets in. It's a pity because the film looks good and the Gilbert Becaud songs on the soundtrack are easy on the ear.
FAIR It's filled with intriguing characters, it has a fascinating initial premise -- and then it runs off the rails.
GOOD The ever-appealing Fanny Ardant and the enigmatic, pug-faced character actor Dominique Pinon have many subtle delights up their sleeves, and newcomer Audrey Dana is a revelation.
GOOD ... about the creation of fiction, the way we spin lies together into a simulacrum of life - if there's any philosophical point of view beyond that it's that every narrative is necessarily an abridgment of truth.
GOOD What's especially clever about the plotting is that anything that proves to be merely a red herring is then incorporated into another storyline.
FAIR If this kind of storytelling is your cup of absinthe, Claude Lelouch makes it easy to sip appreciatively.
GOOD In many ways, Lelouch's film is -- in its somewhat old-fashioned way (which isn't a pejorative) -- the most bracing dose of cinema I've seen all year.
FAIR Provides one of the year's more memorable movie moments: a simple shot of a barn, overlaid with both the soothing crooning of a Gilbert Becaud pop song and the terrified squeals of a hog being slaughtered.
FAIR Even if the game isn't entirely successful, it's fun to play along.
FAIR It's intellectually cagey, potentially romantic, and, above all, an entertaining puzzle box of duplicitous people doing mysterious things, men and women.
FAIR As fizzy and non-nutritive as a glass of sparkling wine, Roman de Gare is a crowd-pleasing blend of romance, farce and mystery that plays out a little like a Ruth Rendell mystery novel with Rendell herself as the chief suspect.
GOOD Forty years after his breakout success as a filmmaker, Claude Lelouch makes something of a comeback with his playful and sexy whodunit, Roman de Gare.
FAIR With elements of road movie, thriller and comedy as well as other genres, Tracks possesses a freewheeling appeal.
FAIR Entertaining despite nearly fatal plot holes.
FAIR I think I understand the alternative realities of the plot, and I concede the loose ends are tied up, sort of, but I didn't care.
GOOD Don't go to the theater expecting too much and you can't help but leave with a smile on your face.
FAIR Lelouch's deft touch with various cinematic styles, however surface, enables him to interweave pastoral elegy, quirky social comedy and thriller with fluid ease.
GOOD An ingenuous knot of plot, expertly tangled, in which nothing is quite what it seems.
FAIR Pinon and Dana are so striking together.
FAIR Succeeds as a mystery, comedy and romance in unexpected ways.
GOOD It's the smartest and best suspense movie you're likely to see for a while.
FAIR Thanks to the able cast and crisp cinematography, it's mostly unpretentious and reasonably entertaining.
FAIR In quite a balancing act, [Lelouch] has written a script that's a thriller, somber romantic comedy, and, for the first half, a tense road movie.
FAIR Lelouch's film is the cinematic equivalent, enjoyable fluff that your mind will discard after the closing credits -- but worth seeing nevertheless.
FAIR A very interesting experiment that combines moments of mad brilliance with outbreaks of pretentious tedium in about equal measure.
GOOD A savage attack on American comfort.
GOOD functions equally well as revenge drama, moral fable, and no-holds-barred condemnation of dog-eat-dog capitalism
FAIR Dassin's film emerges as a rather searing, wide-reaching indictment of the necessary evils of doing business in the United States
GOOD Dassin swathes Thieves' Highway's long-haul boys in claustrophobic compositions and menacing darkness.
FAIR Late Phases is a fun werewolf flick with a sweet, climactic last stand.
BAD Damici gives his memorable protagonist enough life to hold it together more often than it would have otherwise. He's great here. The movie around him, not so much.
BAD Late Phases transforms from laughably non-frightening horror film to self-serious family drama and back again, all the while remaining ferociously, ravenously boring.
FAIR Adrian Garcia Bogliano ends up merely toying with the death-steeped concerns of his characters, and taking the furious and bitter perspective that powers the narrative's ponderous dramatic core for granted.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
BAD Torturous vampire bloodbath is a waste for all.
BAD A tedious Blade rip-off. No suspense or scares, but lots of boredom.
BAD While Rise: Blood Hunter isn't a terrible film, it's a predictable one.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's better than most direct-to-video horror you'll find out there. Heck, it's better than some of the theatrical releases we've seen this year
FAIR ...a far more effective piece of work than one might've expected...
BAD It's a blood-red affair thrown together in a dash, a little number that will ultimately get the same kind of treatment from audiences as it did from those who made it: something you might cue up in the DVD player on a whim and forget just as easily.
BAD A dry and dreary little affair, one that's almost shamefully beholden to B-flicks that are a lot more energetic and a lot less intent on being taken so seriously.
BAD Many scenes are set in dark parking lots and dirty city streets, but you sense the locations were chosen because they were inexpensive. There is some pleasure to be had counting continuity mistakes.
FAIR [Director] Gutierrez sustains a heightened mood of sex and violence that, without breaking new ground, entertains in the way Gothic flicks do: a combination of cheap thrills and a good old-fashioned crusade against evil.
FAIR You can thank a capable cast led by the estimable Lucy Liu, and work by writer/director Sebastian Gutierrez that succeeds in making the formulaic seem fresh.
BAD There are worse things than waking up in a morgue. Like, say, waking up and realizing there's another hour of Rise: Blood Hunter to go.
FAIR Harris and Phifer's chemistry lends the inevitable tragedies some genuine punch.
GOOD "Paid In Full" is not the kind of movie that George W. Bush will ever see.
FAIR Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
FAIR For a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre.
BAD The story is familiar from its many predecessors; like them, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay.
FAIR If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
FAIR This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences, though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times.
BAD Harris is supposed to be the star of the story, but comes across as pretty dull and wooden.
BAD A standard, run-of-the-mill drug drama.
BAD Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance.
BAD Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe.
FAIR Rings true, from the smooth dialogue to the unaffected performances of the central actors.
FAIR The movie is ambitious, has good energy and is well-acted, but tells a familiar story in a familiar way.
BAD In this bird's-eye-view of the drug trade circa 1986, there's something missing: the buyers.
BAD A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood, this movie strives to be more, but doesn't quite get there. Good performances keep it from being a total rehash.
FAIR Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
FAIR Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.
FAIR Suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
BAD It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
FAIR An intelligent crime drama, not because of the criminal activity it dramatizes but because of its powerful examination of the forces that drive criminals.
FAIR Though filmed partly in Canada, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years.
FAIR It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
FAIR ...does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices, good and ill, that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought.
FAIR Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks.
FAIR Uneven script, but strong performances by a powerhouse cast.
FAIR A strained but nevertheless involving little personal drama about a delinquent's alleged murderous deed. Schroeder's suspense piece is arbitrary but satisfying thanks to the reliable leads.
BAD Despite Meryl Streep, Liam Neeson and the usually estimable Edward Furlong, this nonevent huffs and puffs to attain even the level of an ordinary motion picture.
BAD fares poorly when constrained to the screen
BAD Let's hope Richard Gere never has to make another one this cheesy after his comeback in "Arbitrage."
FAIR I may have seen some things coming in the story, but it was nonetheless interesting to watch things play out.
FAIR You have to admire Brandt and Haas for taking such a gamble, but unfortunately it doesn't quite pay off.
FAIR It is a flawed film, but one that accomplishes what it sets out to do: entertain, if in fits and starts, for an hour and a half.
BAD the ineffectiveness of the final half hour ultimately ensures that The Double ends on a disappointingly anticlimactic note.
FAIR The type of professionally assembled star programmer a big studio would once release wide to a decent return in an off-peak season.
BAD With nothing resembling a character worth rooting for, the fact that the plot of The Double just gets sillier and sillier makes it one of the most annoying films of the year.
BAD Brandt's thriller doesn't have much of a connection to the present, let alone reality.
BAD Questionable motives and unbelievable decisions are relatively small potatoes compared with the Sputnik-size plotholes.
BAD Like a stripper who gets naked too quickly, the lukewarm spy thriller "The Double" lays out its big plot twist early in the movie - and soon finds, shivering, that it has nowhere else to go.
FAIR The title "The Double" doesn't refer to baseball, but it could. The thriller may not hit it out of the park, but it's a solid double.
BAD When the story starts to fall apart you're left wondering if the film was worth all the money and effort that went into making it.
BAD It's simply not very good.
BAD Here is a movie constructed from basic parts at the Used Screenplay Store, with a character plugged in whenever one is required.
BAD Generic, formulaic fumble, misjudging its revelations and overestimating their impact.
BAD Not only does The Double's outdated theme feel out of leftfield, it's unexplained and without reason.
BAD It soon devolves into a mess of slit throats and competing motives. Everyone, it seems, has a plot - except the screenwriters.
BAD What can you say about a dull spy thriller that gives away its big "secret'' both in its trailer and the film's title?
BAD If these characters ever had a motivation for their extreme behavior, it disappeared in rewrites.
BAD A tedious, impenetrable cat-and-mouse game involving Russian double and triple agents.
BAD There's a sanded-off, textbook creativity to "The Double" that forsakes rich cloak-and-dagger textures for generic twists, hackneyed flashbacks and telegraphed moments of peril.
BAD Despite similarities, this film is several rungs down the ladder from Salt and lacks the charisma of a lead like Angelina Jolie to pull you past nagging silliness.
BAD Movie packaging at its worst.
BAD ...hopelessly silly.
BAD Like a Training Day for spy thrillers, The Double provocatively pairs Gere and Grace as a gray-green odd couple, only to unravel as the double-crossed absurdities pile up and the duo start trading bad Russian accents in a private Mexican standoff.
BAD Rarely has Mr. Gere walked through any movie with so little energy and so much indifference.
BAD Too silly to be confusing and too flaccid to reach potboiler status, the convoluted spy-thriller The Double is a tossed-off theatrical release that lands with a resounding thud.
FAIR What Van Sant's film does, tremendously well, is make the material foreign again.
BAD Psycho doesn't do much for Van Sant, and he doesn't do much for Psycho.
BAD Vaughn's Norman Bates is much inferior because he lacks the natural neurosis of Anthony Perkins.
BAD The movie doesn't stink. The performances are good, potentially great, especially Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates, but he owns a scene just for doing that psychotic giggle of his.
BAD Personally, I found the remake weaker than the original (which was only vaguely interesting anyway; then again, it's pretty much the same movie).
BAD franky it sucks
FAIR Gus Vant Sant has remade Alfred Hitchcock's classic slasher film with so much reverence and so little originality that it is not clear what the point is.
FAIR It's surprising to note that this film, mostly well-acted, is somewhat lacking on the technical side, which is what Hollywood usually does best these days.
FAIR Predictably, it's (almost) the exact same film, but I wouldn't say that it's a pointless enterprise.
BAD It's not so much that this movie didn't need to be made. The real tragedy is that a group of enormously talented people wasted several months of their lives when together they could have done something fresh and exciting and original.
FAIR Gus Van Sant assumiu um trabalho ingrato: quando as cenas funcionam, em seu filme, a responsabilidade e de Hitchcock. Quando falham, a culpa e sua.
BAD An utterly empty technical achievement.
FAIR What scared audiences then will almost certainly strike kids raised on the unholy trinity of Michael, Jason and Freddy as quaint and slow.
BAD Van Sant's pseudo-Xerox is flat, mannered and often downright boring!
BAD Es mejor que las nuevas generaciones vayan a la tienda de videos y renten la version original
BAD Vince Vaughn is probably the best person you can get to fill Anthony Perkins' shoes; he can be one of America's best film stars one day, and that is evident in the way he treats his character on screen.
BAD Whereas the original was fascinating and shocking, the reconstruction is bland and lifeless.
BAD Vince Vaughn's Norman Bates is about as terrifying as a tranquilized dachshund.
FAIR Less a remake and more a scene-by-scene reconstruction, with all of the original dialogue intact.
BAD It is only because of a few elements of original creativity that Van Sant and the rest should be saved from eternal film damnation.
FAIR This gutsy cinematic experiment is more than just a curiosity. It's an intelligent homage (at times even a spoof) and still a bit of a hand-wringer, even though pop culture has spoiled all the surprises.
BAD Having all of this distinctly '60s material played out by '90s performers in living color makes for a film that feels jarringly anachronistic...
GOOD Is this film better than the original? The answer is no, not quite, but to my shock, it is just about as good of a remake as could have possibly been expected.
FAIR There's nothing exactly wrong with Vaughn's performance, which is edgy and scary. Vaughn simply can't help the fact that physically, he is completely wrong for the role.
GOOD Vaughn, from the outset, seems like a loose cannon, a nut case, a psycho. Unlike Anthony Perkins who, at first, appeared as a shy mama's boy, Vaughn adds an extra layer of menace to his Norman that renders Van Sant's film a bit a-kilter.
FAIR The one actor who stood out from the pack was definitely the rising star of the year, Vince Vaughn, who took Anthony Perkins' superb original performance, and added his own macabre touch of surrealism.
FAIR Vaughn and Heche bring energy and freshness to the parts originated by Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. Heche is so good, in fact, and so frisky and watchable in her role, that after her grisly demise in the shower you miss her for a long time.
FAIR Though some hard-core fans of the original may scoff at anything that tries to compete, Van Sant's version of Psycho is actually pretty good.
FAIR Since this is a virtual shot-by-shot, line-by-line remake of the original masterpiece, it's like watching a new version of a Shakespeare play. Think about it.
FAIR not mean to be taken seriously
BAD [The characters] aren't people; they're mere objects to stick in front of the flowing lava.
BAD Movie bombs L.A. with lava, audience with stupidity
BAD The special effects are impressive and the acting by Jones and Heche is good, although their roles didn't require much skill or inspiration.
FAIR The film, about a volcano erupting in downtown Los Angeles, is helped immeasurably by veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has enough charm and charisma to rescue just about any movie. He needs it all to save this one.
FAIR On its own escapist terms, Volcano dishes up a textbook serving of low-I.Q., high-energy entertainment.
FAIR The action, the effects and tough-as-nails Tommy Lee provide a worthwhile thrill ride -- even if the last drop wasn't as big as you thought it would be.
FAIR gives us the bare minimums needed for a story and then lets the lava flow
FAIR The coast may be toast, but it's the lava, covering everything like a malevolent tide of melted butter, that makes this a disaster picture that's tastier than usual.
BAD There's no real suspense here 'cause you don't care about anyone.
BAD I don't want to pay $7.50 to watch a movie imitate CNN.
BAD Oh, there's nothing like a natural disaster to bring people together!
BAD Hundreds of screen technicians obviously slaved on the effects -- and for what? A dopey subplot about a bogus arrest. Soap opera involving Jones' injured daughter.
BAD Volcano is an embarrassment, albeit one of the so-bad-it's-kinda-good variety.
GOOD These things can be done well or badly, and Volcano goes full steam ahead.
FAIR More about spectacle than suspense, a very impressive production which is easier to enjoy from a detached distance than it is to get caught up in.
BAD Like the substantially better Twister, this film insists on a thunderous, exhausting pace that inevitably becomes deflating.
BAD Volcano is an absolutely standard, assembly-line undertaking; no wonder one of the extras is reading a paperback titled "Screenwriting Made Easy."
BAD A ridiculous script and mediocre special effects mar this ludicrous disaster pic.
FAIR Memorable? Hardly, but the main actors are worth seeing, and that first act has so much promise it almost makes you want to forgive them for blowing the second.
FAIR This is one of the best pure disaster movies ever made (not that it has much competition). Congratulations to director Mick Jackson for a job well done.
BAD A host of characters is introduced in the opening scenes, but Volcano doesn't know what to do with them. It can't make us care.
FAIR The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest doesn't exactly give the Millennium trilogy the explosive send-off it deserves, and stacked against the other two movies in the series, it's perhaps the weakest story of the three.
GOOD This film ends up being more of a courtroom drama, and yet it's almost as equally thrilling as the first film in the series.
FAIR Unlike its two predecessors, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest boasts a briskly-paced opening half hour that proves effective at immediately drawing the viewer into the movie...
FAIR For me the most deadening aspect of these films is the presence of Michael Nykvist as Blomqvist; he seems to have a personality by-pass, and remains expressionless at all times, no matter what's going on.
BAD The best thing that can be said about the excruciatingly dull, badly made closing chapter in this punishingly bad Swedish crime trilogy is that it really whets the appetite for the upcoming American version.
GOOD Seeing the first two films -- The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire -- will make the third film more satisfying.
BAD Lisbeth Salander, played by Noomi Rapace, spends most of the story constrained -- first in the hospital, then in prison. What fun is that?
BAD The third and final entry in Stieg Larsson's enormously successful series is perhaps the least thrilling, but it's easily the most satisfying.
GOOD Finale of dark subtitled Swedish trilogy still very violent.
FAIR Semi-satisfying, if you can keep up.
GOOD The gap between this and Dragon Tattoo is pretty big -- this won't be on my '10 Best' list and Tattoo might -- but as the rest of the story, it does nicely.
FAIR While the events are fascinating and entertaining, the film itself is less emotionally involving or viscerally thrilling.
BAD Much of it still plays like bad Thomas Harris...
GOOD A pick-up after the second film, if not as assured as the first. Rapace sets a high watermark for Rooney Mara in David Fincher's remakes.
BAD One final course of Europudding that may leave audiences feeling less satisfied than simply tired and bloated.
BAD A more apt title would be 'The Girl Who Sat Quietly in a Dimly Lit Room'.
BAD This is the most disappointing end to a trilogy since Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3.
FAIR Anyone who has invested in the trilogy will savour the mixture of dread and anticipation as the cat-and-mouse game reaches a stirring conclusion.
BAD A bunch of evil old men get their comeuppance in 'The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest,' but the girl who messes with their nest does hardly anything at all.
BAD The third and worst of Stieg Larsson's trilogy is poorly directed, under-energised and unthrilling.
GOOD A compelling mix of 70s-style conspiracy thriller, courtroom procedural and psychological drama...
GOOD The powerful performances by the leads, unobtrusive direction that is exemplified in a beguiling courtroom clash, and Larsson's deftly interwoven fabric of treachery and compassion all ensure that we are left yearning for more.
BAD As well as being conventional, The Girl Who Kicked is also confusing, dull and grubby (do we really need to see examples from a child-porn site?).
BAD Is the Millennium Trilogy over? Can we go home?
BAD The Girl Who Makes Us Wish We Were Anywhere Else.
FAIR The final film based on Stieg Larsson's bestselling thriller trilogy opens with a whimper but ends with a bang.
GOOD As ever, Rapace steals every scene she's in, maintaining Lisbeth's moody enigma whether she's lying on her sick bed, making a memorable court entrance in full punk regalia, or taking care of family business.
FAIR This remains watchable thanks to Nyqvist and Rapace but the lacklustre direction, lack of pace and bloated script ensure that it's closer to the mediocre nature of the second film than the brilliance of the first.
GOOD ...could be read as the passion of Lisbeth Salander, as she undergoes a kind of secular crucifixion at the hands of the Swedish establishment ...
FAIR It's enough to see Rapace's Salander smile, however tentatively, however briefly, however unlikely. Those white teeth framed by black-on-black everything? They bite.
FAIR The series is quite satisfying as a whole, in the manner of the type of well-made, limited-episode crime program that might appear on AMC or HBO.
BAD The Matrix: Revolutions of the Millennium Trilogy.
BAD While Rapace remains a strong and captivating actress in the title role, the film is remarkably bad. In fact, it's easily one of the year's worst movies. Boring beyond belief.
BAD The Millennium Trilogy follows a similar pattern as The Matrix Trilogy, and that's not a compliment.
FAIR The European equivalent of The Matrix Revolutions, this third chapter finds a once-vibrant saga largely coasting on the fumes of its well-regarded predecessors.
BAD When your series' most compelling character remains mute and largely on the periphery of the action (albeit all decked out in punker regalia, including a big Mohawk), something is seriously amiss.
FAIR This 148-minute movie is best appreciated if you have already watched the first two movies or read the books. It is not intended to be a standalone film. Neophytes will find themselves lost and confused without sufficient background to fully appreciate...
GOOD Convoluted but absorbing.
GOOD A thoroughly enjoyable murder mystery in the classic style.
BAD Unbelievably lazy.
BAD By the end of Gone you'll be convinced that it's just a low-rent reworking of The Silence of the Lambs, with Seyfried's humongous peepers a sad substitute for Jodie Foster's acting chops.
BAD Seyfried shows she's not the kind of actress who would be an easy victim in a Scream movie.
BAD It's one of those Hollywood movies that goes in one eye and out the other.
FAIR It's daffy, but it works.
BAD Despite Seyfried's suitably wide-eyed performance, director Heitor Dhalia holds too loose a grip on the suspense, driving the film into a succession of dramatic dead ends.
BAD Just very silly.
BAD Another squandering of Amanda Seyfried's talent, this low-mileage thriller won't be remembered for long.
BAD Gone and soon forgotten.
BAD Everything about 'Gone' has the plasticy, leatherette feel of an imitation thriller.
BAD The shortfall of suspense is emphasised with every pointless car chase, head-slapping contrivance, and attempt at tongue-in-cheekiness. This movie can seriously damage your IQ.
BAD A psychological thriller lacking in both psychological complexity and thrills.
BAD A frequently disastrous piece of work...
BAD ... far-fetched, devoid of surprises ...
BAD Just try not to hold the characters' behavior to any standard of the actual humans you may have crossed paths with in your life, and everything is fine.
BAD I'd say Gone is a shoo-in for one of the worst movies of 2012, except no one will remember it even existed by December.
FAIR It's fun watching Seyfried bluffing and conning her way through scene after scene; no opponent can best her.
BAD Gone wasn't screened in advance for critics and opened to a desultory $4.8 million gross. Anybody interested in seeing it better head to the theater posthaste, because after a couple more weeks, this mediocre effort is sure to be gone, baby, gone.
BAD So lame the only scare during the first hour is the old cat-jumping-into-frame trick.
BAD Put this on Lifetime and it might find an audience, but on the big screen nobody cares
BAD There's little to recommend this B-grade, formulaic affair. The plot is tosh, the dialogue hackneyed at best.
BAD Gifted and sincere as she always is, there's not much Ms. Seyfried can do with this tripe.
BAD It's a significant letdown that after all Jill's running, and all the guessing Seyfried makes us do, the climactic confrontation plays like an uninspired afterthought.
BAD The only thing worthwhile is seeing Portland (the filming location) on the big screen. It proves this landscape would be good for a thriller/horror, just not this one.
BAD A movie that makes "Murder on the Orient Express" feel like"The Silence of the Lambs"by comparison.
BAD Siblings aren't the only things missing from Gone: Suspense, scares and common sense are all likewise MIA.
BAD ...suspension of disbelief seems damn near impossible.
BAD ... a minor entry in the Kiss the Girls/Along Came a Spider line ... Seyfried isn't the least bit convincing in a role that called for hysteria cut with outrage. She manages little-girl peevishness.
BAD It lies there flapping like a dying fish. Skip it.
BAD Imagine Tyler Perry directing the lamest remake of Kiss the Girls imaginable and you can get a sense of how flat-out awful the storytelling and character development is in this one.
BAD Nearly a year has passed since the release of Catherine Hardwicke's Red Riding Hood, and Amanda Seyfried is still crying wolf.
BAD Ms. Seyfried belongs to a stable of blank-faced, saucer-eyed beauties whose limited appeal may conquer the small screen but so far has failed to tame the large.
BAD While Gone has some visual style, the cheap and melodramatic script fails to make it to the party.
FAIR I could not decide whether it was absolute garbage or a work of sheer genius.
BAD The title refers to your 12 bucks. This movie is as amateurish as Amanda Seyfried is pretty.
BAD nothing but schlock
BAD The film is so busy working hard to convict one rather shady character, it never convinces us of its own reason to exist.
BAD The acting occasionally borders on great. The story itself is more than worthy. But none of that comes close to overcoming the misguided pacing and overall lack of depth.
FAIR A somewhat flawed yet ultimately satisfying thriller.
BAD A story that's overloaded with research and unbridled speculation, all told with no clear direction.
FAIR The end result is intriguing, with a dash of a love story here and a twisty whodunit there. A fine performance by Ryan Gosling glues the mishmash together.
FAIR All Good Things isn't a pleasurable film to experience, but it offers an uncanny evocation of a narcissistic sociopath who doesn't come at us with the charm and sophistication that the typical screen bad guy has.
FAIR All Good Things is a crackerjack crime thriller.
BAD Ryan Gosling is sadly miscast as the villain in this poorly-written drama.
FAIR Jarecki never settles on what kind of story he wants to tell with these elements, and despite good performances, "All Good Things" veers awkwardly from love story to tragedy, from true-life mystery to black comedy.
BAD There's a fascinating story here for a bolder filmmaker, but after so much meandering it's a relief that All Good Things must come to an end.
FAIR One can't help but think that veteran documentarian Jarecki chose to rework this material as drama to benefit his career, not the story. The result is a disjointed art film that opts for ambiguity over clarity...
BAD Jarecki knows how to make scenes of boisterous family reunions and quiet moments between lovers engaging: He fares less well, though, when the story takes a dark turn.
GOOD ...a movie suspended between bold novelistic invention and journalistic reserve. Be it demerit or credit, Jarecki is no Truman Capote and All Good Things is no In Cold Blood.
FAIR Dunst shines brightly and puts on an acting showcase worthy of awards recognition in the supporting actress category. The picture loses its luster when her character disappears.
FAIR All Good Things is curiously underwhelming.
FAIR While the acting is superb and the film worth viewing, in this odd straddle between fact and fiction, the filmmakers miss the chance to bring more fictive power to the tale.
BAD a rather meticulously-detailed period piece that fails almost completely to offer up any human interest in its pursuit of human truth.
FAIR It also feels like one man's attempt to try another in the court of cinema, or perhaps correct the course of justice itself.
BAD Beset with a series of miscalculated dramatic misfires, the film is a melodramatic adaptation of a tabloid-style 20/20 murder-mystery, wearyingly overstuffed with baroque detail in an effort to prop up its legitimacy.
FAIR In his first fictional feature, [Jarecki ] can't decide whether to opt for the open-ended inquiry of a non-fiction film or the resolved storytelling of Hollywood genre movie, so he winds up stranded in between.
FAIR The second half is at once unconventional and straightforward -- the former because of the actual content, the latter in terms of structure in which it's presented.
BAD Gosling and co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Frank Langella don't do anything wrong here but the movie is such a mash-up of tones, fiction, and reality that it never comes together into anything coherent.
GOOD Kirsten Dunst is so good here as a woman at a loss to understand who her husband really is, and what the true nature of his family involves.
FAIR Too bad it's not a doc, which might have revealed the secrecy and confusion that led to such a legendary case remaining unsolved.
BAD You never feel you can trust that Jarecki knows what he's doing, which becomes even more problematic when the movie asks us to believe its theory about an unsolved crime.
FAIR "All Good Things" has the eerie power of a nightmare.
FAIR As excellent as Gosling is - and the actor conveys the stillness of the man as well as the voices screaming in his head - Dunst matches him stride for stride.
FAIR It's a strange, thrilling tale begrimed by bad memories, by bad deeds.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Dunst is not the only person doing quality work in "All Good Things," but she is the only one worth watching.
FAIR You watch it wanting to scurry off to read accounts of the real thing, rather than being caught up in the filmmaking.
FAIR beneath the surface are all kinds of questions about power and wealth and the cyclical nature of familial tragedy, and while they break through from time to time, it is never enough to give the film more depth than a TrueTV documentary
FAIR Fascinating study of criminal justice in the crumbling Nazi empire of 1944.
BAD It crouches but -- alas -- never springs.
GOOD I LOVE this movie. Bad sequels take away from the original.
FAIR Surprisingly not-awful cable-flick action-fest!
GOOD A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to be missed film.
GOOD With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
GOOD While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
GOOD The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
FAIR The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
GOOD The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not quite ready for it.
FAIR Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the usual audaciously morbid way. A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
FAIR Lo mas reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un solido thriller, casi de factura clasica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
GOOD There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely see these days, subtle weird humor), but this is not your typical Cronenberg
GOOD What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
GOOD Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter seguranca suficiente da forca de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou. E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
FAIR Never does it deviate from Cronenberg's primal instincts.
BAD ... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
FAIR Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't get me started on that ending.
BAD I have mixed feelings. Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant). But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
GOOD On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
FAIR a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't have enough meat to be a truly satisfying drama.
BAD [David Cronenberg] no doubt wanted to say something profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
GOOD Some movies are to be consumed and discarded. History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those. This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
BAD Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence. One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
GOOD A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't be spoiled.
GOOD A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
GOOD This is Sin City with a functioning brain
GOOD Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
GOOD Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as it could have been...it at least knows that it's cheesy, which makes it more fun.
BAD It's not really clear why this movie was necessary %u2013 it does not reinvent the 50's movie so much as do a highly faithful cover version of it. (Gus Van Sandy's shot-for-shot remake of Psycho is a similar pointless academic exercise.)
FAIR ...gently wacky. Although breezy and sketchy on the easy laughs at times, Alien Trespass does promise to entertain for the sole purpose of its campy off-kilter makeup.
FAIR If the film succeeds perfectly in its aim, to recreate exactly a genre of films noted for how shoddy and boring they were, is it then fair to complain when the film is itself boring?
BAD Alien Trespass won't let our knowledge of the stereotypes it incorporates do the work and make the critique.
FAIR If you're willing to check your brain at the door and to suspend a lot of your disbelief, Alien Trespass manages to be a delightfully zany and campy satire best experienced at midnight with a group of friends.
FAIR A true love letter to genre days gone by, Alien Trespass delivers on its promise to bring back a slice of the good old days to horror cinema.
FAIR While it never rises to the level of Galaxy Quest, my gold standard for funny sci-fi films, Alien Trespass consistently delights and amuses.
BAD Retro-style sci-fi action spoof tries hard but doesn't work.
FAIR A highly entertaining retro Sci-fi blast from the past that is loads of fun, an endearing tribute to all those bad movies we just loved.
BAD ... once those warm, fuzzy feelings of nostalgia start to wear off, all you are left with is a tedious movie that is full of wooden performances, campy dialogue, cheesy and outdated special effects, eerie music and space beings in rubber suits.
BAD This lazy effort gets points only for truly loving -- perhaps to a fault -- the cheapo creature flicks of the 1950s.
BAD Alien Trespass, with a rating notice that mentions 'brief historical smoking,' is at least better than last year's official remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
BAD It's a satire without laughs, a parody without punch lines, a careful copy that replicates everything except the original's life.
FAIR How much you enjoy this strange picture depends on two things: Your appreciation of the genre that is being feted here, and the enthusiasm of the audience that you view it with.
FAIR Alien Trespass is an intriguing experiment, and I admire its craftsmanship.
BAD If you're not going to have fun with such a silly cinematic subgenre, what's the point in resurrecting it? Or, from the more pertinent audience point of view, in seeing it?
BAD A charmingly sentimental but ultimately pointless homage to the sci-fi classics of yesteryear.
BAD Fun at first, the movie quickly wears thin. Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery, but if that's your choice, you better be sure the thing you're imitating is worthy of it.
BAD While Alien Trespass stays true to the era and the genre, it forgets that its mission in this galaxy is not merely to pay tribute but to entertain.
BAD Alien Trespass, which opens Friday on the heels of the witty Monsters vs. Aliens, feels like an also-ran.
BAD Bewildered? You won't be alone.
BAD Alien Trespass, an affectionate tribute to flying saucer movies, treats the cliches of drive-in sci-fi with touching naivete. So why isn't it more fun?
BAD To see how Alien Trespass might have been done, rent The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra with its puppet monster on visible strings, its dime-store sets and its dreadful artificial dialogue.
FAIR Alien Trespass could be the latest bulletin from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 except that we're the silhouetted heads and the filmmakers are sitting right there next to us.
FAIR At a certain point you find yourself thinking, why not watch the real It Came From Outer Space, instead of this mildly amusing replica?
BAD A pale imitation of a drive-in movie, with nothing silly or sloppy enough to qualify as camp.
BAD ...suffers from an egregiously laid-back pace that ultimately negates its few positive attributes...
BAD In the end, the script lets the film down with its obvious twists, its naggingly illogical narrative and a general pointlessness.
BAD A final reel of arterial spray splatter empties itself in record time and when Gone finally gets going, it's gone too soon.
BAD You will be kept waiting for the twist that never comes in Ringan Ledwidge's derivative psycho-thriller, whose by-the-numbers plotting is as inevitable as roadkill.
FAIR If only it had taken the characters' lead and strayed further from the beaten track...
FAIR A potentially menacing first half is let down by a few cliches in the home stretch.
BAD Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome. The story, characters and writing... not so much.
BAD Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot. What is really going on in 2009?
BAD What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world? [Blu-ray]
BAD Incoherent and interminable...
BAD a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
FAIR Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
FAIR An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't entirely a bad thing.
BAD If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't consider gratuitous boob shots gratuitous, you won't feel short-changing on leaving the cinema after watching Gamer.
BAD Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge? What was the story again?
FAIR With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
FAIR It won't win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go. High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
BAD While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the gleeful knowingness that made their earlier films such guilty pleasures.
BAD Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
BAD The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
BAD The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
BAD The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD". It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
FAIR Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
FAIR Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer." It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
FAIR attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
GOOD Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
BAD Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
BAD Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
BAD It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
GOOD Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year. I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
BAD A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
BAD In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds." At least he's half right.
BAD Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
BAD It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
BAD Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
BAD The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
FAIR A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
FAIR I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
BAD A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
BAD It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't really fit with the material because for the most part, the movie is played straight. It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
BAD Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
BAD A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
BAD The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
BAD Manages to make even watching naked strippers in a hot tub a laborious experience.
BAD [Ben Affleck's] Jack Ryan is simply impossible to take seriously, and that's something the film could probably never survive.
BAD Generic action film not good for kids, or anyone.
FAIR Though this political adventure requires substantial suspension of disbelief, the witty script and mature approach keep the film on track. [Blu-Ray]
FAIR ... Entertaining and far more relevant than most other action/adventure movies.
BAD Has enough cliches and cut-out characters to condemn it to mediocrity.
GOOD Realizando um bom trabalho ao condensar o complexo livro de Clancy, o filme e tenso, inteligente e conta com fortes atuacoes de todo o elenco - inclusive de Affleck, que confere uma curiosa vulnerabilidade ao heroi.
GOOD It's a tired premise, and it's got its flaws, but the present talent makes it worthwhile.
FAIR Tom Clancy franchise gets a surprisingly satisfying reinvention thanks to star Ben Affleck and director Phil Alden Robinson.
FAIR It's all fast and loud and pulse-pounding, of course, but nothing that we haven't seen dozens of times on screen after imaginary disasters.
GOOD Superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line.
FAIR The Sum of All Fears proves that the Jack Ryan franchise still has some legs. Most importantly, it also has a brain.
BAD Clancy's world is strictly for the techno-nerds and frankly they're welcome to it.
FAIR Deals with a chillingly topical nuclear attack on Baltimore. But perhaps more disturbingly, it rehashes it into a Ben Affleck action romance.
GOOD All shame aside, not being a Tom Clancy fan or Jack Ryan fan, I did quite enjoy it. Is it Morgan Freeman?
BAD An implausible apocalypse without depth or resonance, a cartoon of international politics presented with no James Bond-like playfulness and with all the superficial realism money can buy.
FAIR El filme provoca que la audiencia piense y medite sobre el mundo en que habitamos, asi como en los obsoletos sistemas de gobierno que hemos creado como sociedad.
FAIR A competent Tom Clancy thriller that's betrayed by a miscast Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan.
FAIR If nothing else, this film may stand as a cultural testament to how times really have changed since Sept. 11 -- and not necessarily the way we'd expect.
BAD (Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't think about anything too hard.
FAIR To sum it up: heavy on imagination and light on reality.
GOOD A Alden Robinson, el director, le sento bien la amistad con Tom Hanks y Spielberg al haber dirigido recientemente para la TV, el drama de guerra Band of Brothers.
BAD Affleck's performance is so lightweight that he feels like a secondary character, barely involved with this struggle against a terrorist nuclear attack.
BAD The star who helped give a spark to "Chasing Amy" and "Changing Lanes" falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer's new action film, "The Sum of All Fears."
BAD ...post-September 11, "The Sum Of All Fears" seems more tacky and reprehensible, manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves.
FAIR takes on a gut-churning immediacy that is hard to deny
FAIR Sum" is Jack Ryan's "do-over." Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works. Especially give credit to Affleck.
GOOD Action-packed and exciting!
FAIR A tense, capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of Hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare.
BAD I've felt more drama watching tornado chasers on The Weather Channel.
BAD Retreads a lot of familiar elements from other "international thrillers" while occasionally dipping its foot into the real-life horror of terrorism.
BAD Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into, a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority.
BAD The film doesn't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously, it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA.
FAIR It's been eight years since Clear and Present Danger, but this late-blooming entry shows that none of the luster has worn off the series.
BAD Is Ben Affleck such an indispensable talent -- or box-office draw -- that his presence is worth wrecking an entire film franchise to accomodate his youth?
FAIR Affleck gets better with each film. It will be interesting to see him age with the Jack Ryan role.
BAD Never in film history will there be a more nonchalant nuclear holocaust.
GOOD Its politics are abhorrent to me, but my god, it's such a slick, well-crafted thriller ... that I can't hate it
FAIR A tense thriller that holds your attention to the very end. The film is aided by one of Bernard Hermann's better scores.
BAD Tedious remake of a "thriller" that wasn't that thrilling to begin with
GOOD Keep-you-up-all-night terrifying!
FAIR The remake with De Niro had the most to fear from this superior little thriller!
GOOD A classic revenge thriller.
GOOD works best as a twisted nail-biter, punctuated brilliantly with an apocalyptic score by Bernard Herrmann
BAD A sempre presente narracao em off e um dos muitos problemas do filme - especialmente se considerarmos que o narrador e justamente um escritor mediocre.
BAD In Fear was made for next to nothing but that is not always a virtue. After an adequate start its storyline goes precisely nowhere.
FAIR A lost-in-the-woods horror predominantly set within a car's claustrophobic confines, this is certainly one of the better films of late to play with fear of the dark.
GOOD Sometimes the most effective horror films come with the simplest premise and this is certainly the case with Jeremy Lovering's In Fear.
BAD In Fear is a slickly made, impressively pared-down horror/thriller but is too abstract for its own good - it is hard to feel any great emotional identification (or fear) for characters who so sketchily written.
GOOD With limited resources [Jeremy Lovering] has created a disturbingly tense and chilling scenario we can all identify with.
GOOD For the most part In Fear, largely improvised with the two leads only broadly aware of the general direction of the story, is a quiet triumph.
FAIR For all the intense, arm-gripping fun, an all-too-familiar denouement means that, much like their car, it runs out of gas late on.
FAIR ... young couple takes a very wrong turn. UK helmer Lovering tightens the screws the old-fashioned way, through atmosphere and suggestion ... (It) possesses a bleakly funny Pinter-esque quality.
GOOD A masterful example of lean 'n' mean outdoor nightmare-making that resonates with the same power of Wolf Creek, but without all the torture and gore.
FAIR The actors didn't know exactly where the script was going, but their improvised dialogue moves authentically from teasing to discomfort to light jokes about something deeper.
GOOD Sometimes, a horror film needs nothing more than the right cast, the right setting, and an elegantly streamlined story to effectively induce dread. Such is the case with In Fear.
BAD This could have worked as a contained horror flick, but when you're sitting there shaking your head over and over at the characters' inexplicable actions, there's very little chance that you're going to sympathize with them or get engaged in their plight.
GOOD "In Fear" is an oft-frightening film that stays with you. One of the most accomplished genre offerings of the last few years, it is a must for horror fans and suspense enthusiasts.
BAD There are traces of films such as The Hitcher, House of 1000 Corpses, Joy Ride, and Hush wrapped up in the DNA of In Fear, but unfortunately that DNA is more of a clone than its own identity.
GOOD Genuinely scary and suspenseful because it leaves room for imagination and doesn't rely on gore or use a "found footage" device.
FAIR "In Fear" takes a small task and a hooky premise and runs with them, providing some good jolts over the course of its barely-90-minute length.
FAIR A wicked little horror film in which nearly all of the violence takes place in your head, "In Fear" expertly builds terror out of not much more than two people driving around in a car.
BAD We never know Lucy and Tom enough to care about their survival.
BAD As an exercise in stomach-knotting, In Fear is mildly successful [...] All the pieces are in place for a gripping indie horror flick, but [the] film just goes around in circles.
GOOD In Fear lets its increasingly rattled characters stew for as long as possible before gradually revealing its hand, improvisation adding to the credibility of the couple's unravelling behaviour.
GOOD It's one of the year's best horror movies, full stop.
FAIR A smart, disturbing exercise in anxiety.
FAIR Runs in circles of queasy inspiration for a good hour. Then follows the not-so-good half hour.
FAIR Claustrophobic and creepy, this experiment in contained horror has its moments as just three characters circle around each other.
FAIR Spiky, semi-improvised Brit horror singles out director Jeremy Lovering as one to keep a beady eye on.
GOOD Reminiscent of classic era John Carpenter, this is British horror at its ruthless, rural best.
GOOD Both young actors seem even more promising after the movie than they did before it. Neither was given the full script or knew the story's outcome.
GOOD Most writer-directors don't know how to start a film like this, let alone finish it, and as a portrait of two people hopelessly lost and horribly scared it's a haunting watch.
GOOD Grips like a 4x4, even as the escalating tension threatens to spin out of control.
FAIR There are a few decent jolts en route before it runs out of gas and ideas.
FAIR It may be contrived and nothing new plot-wise, but In Fear has atmosphere and enough proper scares to deliver on the promise of its title.
GOOD A taut, chilling little horror-thriller making maximum use of minimal resources to tap into our primal fears of the unknown. Plus shredded-nerve turns from an (evidently) adaptable cast.
FAIR This is a great film to watch curled up with a date on a dark and stormy night. One thing's for sure- you won't be eager to go on any road trips right after.
GOOD Stylishly shot and almost unbearably tense, this is an atmospheric and genuinely scary British chiller with a superb script and a pair of excellent performances from Englert and De Caestecker.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
GOOD If you're in the mood for an offbeat police procedural, this should be on your must-see list ... Who would have thought something this unrelievedly grim could be, at its dark heart, about unrequited love?
FAIR This is film noir at its noirest.
GOOD A story of obsession, of the permanence of loss, of how deeds of the past haunt us, closing over our heads like water. It leaves you shivering, yet thrilled; waiting anxiously for this talented new filmmaker's next work.
FAIR "The Silence" is framed as a multi-character police procedural, but like "Mystic River" and "Zodiac," its inquiries probe deeper and darker.
GOOD How might criminals who get away with murder behave, the movie asks? Just like everyone else.
FAIR ...part police procedural and part psychological study, with more than just genre thrills to offer.
BAD "The Silence" is a victim of over-plotting, clunky narrative, gratuitous stylization, and too many points of view.
GOOD In a field of cliched psychological crime thrillers, The Silence stands out.
GOOD With echoes of "The Vanishing" and "Memories of Murder," Baran bo Odar's dread-filled "The Silence" is a character-based thriller that focuses more on the people wrapped up in its web of perversion and murder than the crimes themselves.
GOOD The mysteries here are larger, deeper, more ineffable than the purely practical concerns of crime-solving: motive, means and opportunity.
BAD This is a rare film that shows the murder and makes the audience feel the pain of the survivors, which is all to the good,...but it is unremittingly depressing.
BAD These are our modern tearjerkers, embellished with sexual violence to maintain the audience's sense of its own sophistication. Include me out.
FAIR A clear-eyed look at the hole that a death leaves behind, and the many awkward and always insufficient ways we try to fill it.
GOOD "The Silence" is an exemplary German-language thriller, a complex and disturbing examination of guilt, violence and psychological torment that chills us to the core not once but two times over.
GOOD [Mr. Odar uses] graceful wide-screen compositions and haunting sound design to create a compelling mood of menace, anxiety and sorrow.
GOOD The Silence speaks volumes.
FAIR The slightly dour tone is the perfect backdrop for the director to skillfully weave together his varied narrative strands in a surprisingly entertaining medley.
FAIR Olsen is one of Hollywood's best young actresses. There is nothing she can't do. In the long run, it's the men who'll wish they'd done more to support her suffocating sense of loneliness here.
BAD No knocks to Emile Zola -- who wrote the 1867 French novel which serves as In Secret's source material -- but the story is stretched excruciatingly thin in this adaptation.
BAD Lange at least has an angle on her character; the rest of the cast simply hit their marks and spout dialogue like robots, delivering lines which should evoke erotic fervour, but are exchanged without urgency, conviction or belief.
FAIR Notable largely for the anguished, nuanced performance of Jessica Lange ...
BAD The problem is that audiences are likely to become as fed up with the murderous lovers (Oscar Isaac, Elizabeth Olsen) as they become with each other.
FAIR Perhaps the story lends itself rather more to a TV serial, giving Therese time to suffer in her oppressive marriage before embarking on a reckless and ultimately doomed affair.
BAD It's hard to make a dull version of Therese Raquin but they seem to have managed it with In Secret, a dreary, uninspired adaptation of the Emile Zola classic.
BAD Olson and Isaac are hot but what have you done to the story, Stratton?
BAD The poison slips down easily enough, but it's diet cola when set against 2009's Korean vampire movie Thirst, still this book's most potent screen translation.
BAD Despite compelling performers and source material, In Secret is a ham-fisted misfire.
FAIR The movie-settish interiors and street exteriors are all painted grunge green or grunge grey: a one-coat Expressionism bordering on one-brush, broad-stroke miserablism.
FAIR Boasts strong performances from a first class cast but never quite justifies its existence.
BAD A tonally indecisive film, which keeps changing its mind about major issues of remorse and ongoing motivation.
FAIR More glum than gripping.
FAIR Sensitive performances from a willing cast bring Zola's novel to life on the big screen.
BAD As the sex and punishment tale turns into a full-on soap opera in its third act, it's a shame to see this cast saddled with this script.
BAD Passionate period drama deals with infidelity, murder.
GOOD Spellbinding, intelligent and suspenseful. Jessica Lange, one of the greatest actresses of our time, delivers a mesmerizing, magnificent performance.
FAIR 'Love Means Breaking All the Rules' is the misleading slogan on one promotional graphic. In this case, the hijinks defined as 'breaking all the rules' include adultery, murder and the excess drinking of absinthe
BAD Not romantic enough, not nearly sexy enough, and not thrilling enough to be considered a thriller, In Secret is easy on the eyes but does little for the heart.
FAIR It's slow moving and can even be characterized as boring in parts, but it did keep my interest enough to finish it.
FAIR Give Stratton and his cast points for effort, but sadly, In Secret lacks the passion to haunt us as much as the main character remains haunted by her own fears and desires.
BAD At one point during the film, Camille says, "Is there anything as depressingly calm as a Sunday afternoon?" In Secret is the cinematic equivalent of a Sunday afternoon.
FAIR The film's principal characters descend into the nightmare made real that compelling storytellers Stratton and Zola build around them.
FAIR "In Secret" doesn't judge its characters' behavior. What it does, instead, is show the bad choices they make and the terrible ramifications of those choices.
BAD Despite its able cast and handsome period costumes, In Secret is, in fact, quite awful.
FAIR An effective period piece thriller that incorporates love, lust, desperation, and madness into a stew thickened by a gothic atmosphere.
FAIR Olsen and Isaac never really create the kind of amour fou that a story like this depends on, let alone the self-loathing guilt that their crime is supposed to engender.
FAIR Isaac is better in his early scenes as a seducer, Olsen is better in her bitter, angry later scenes, but they synch up by the film's over-the-top last moments.
BAD Indeed, the darknesses pile up on one another with such an alarming rate (Murders! Strokes! Secrets!), the tone of the entire film shifts from one of illicit sexual naughtiness to downright death-obsessed Gothic melodrama.
FAIR It's a tragedy captured in hushed tones and muted colors, a story in which everyone and no one is to blame.
BAD Since In Secret is based on a literary classic, it's hard to accuse the movie of feeling predictable, but there's truly nothing surprising in the robotic way Stratton approaches the material.
FAIR Though it's always a pleasure seeing Lange being theatrically anguished (you expect the skies to part with thunder), or Olsen's doleful beauty, "In Secret" never quite rings true.
BAD Jet Li film is not for kids.
GOOD Jet Li's true masterpiece of the 2000s is a blitzkrieg of crazy, hard-R martial arts. Forget the need to always know who's beating whom or why in a narrative that's basically negligible. "Dragon's" gritty, giddy grindhouse thrills trump logic.
FAIR The formulaic story cannot weigh down the high-flying, visceral excitement that the film offers in generous doses.
FAIR Li has smartly decided to eschew the all-too-fashionable use of wires for the fight scenes in favor of old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat.
BAD Poor Jet Li . . . he doesn't have the comedic timing of Jackie Chan, the looks or charm of Chow Yun Fat, and he certainly isn't the second coming of Bruce Lee.
GOOD Even to [Li's] long-time fans in Hong Kong and America the results should be eye-opening.
FAIR While Kiss of the Dragon remains a relatively fun little brain-dead punch-em-out worth a rental, it's forgettable at best.
FAIR There are some tangible similarities between rising star Jet Li and Bruce Lee, beyond just the pronunciation of their last names.
FAIR You've got to respect any movie that jumps into an action scene every fifteen minutes, regardless of what that pesky "plot" has to say.
BAD ...has no other claims to fame than its filling up ninety-eight minutes of screen time with plenty of Jet Li and a pile of kicking, punching, and shooting.
FAIR The whole film plays a great deal like an extended episode of "Iron Chef": lots of edged weapons, dead frogs, and campy dialogue.
GOOD A supremely satisfying blend of Hong Kong mayhem and Gallic flair that can only bolster Li's escalating reputation.
BAD Flounders in desperately overwrought dialogue and one of the most incomprehensible plots since 2000's 'Battlefield Earth.'
FAIR It ain't art, but it sure is a good time for anyone who enjoys the occasional bit of bone-crunching entertainment.
BAD Even with three people working on the script ... they were unable to come up with a plot.
FAIR Loaded with explosive set-piece after set-piece, each and every one designed to give Li the opportunity to do what he does best: kick massive butt.
FAIR Whack! Thworp! Crack! Sometimes, it's fun to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of bad guys getting their heads beaten in.
FAIR Nicely filmed, acted and scored, "Kiss" is almost more of a drama than an action film.
FAIR The most enjoyable slice of popsploitation I've sat through all year.
FAIR Expecting a great story in a martial arts film is like expecting a great story in a musical.
FAIR Here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for, if what you're looking for is kickass action.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon offers just about a kill a minute, but less than a thrill a minute.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon does have a sense of its own absurdity, but that doesn't prevent it from cloaking the inherently comic kung-fu genre in a seriousness so solemn that it could be French.
BAD The story is formulaic, but this brutal, fast-paced thriller makes excellent use of Li's martial arts prowess.
GOOD It will separate hard-core Jet Li followers from the fair-weather fans.
BAD Li has an undeniable screen presence -- and legitimate martial arts credentials. He would have profited from a more legitimate script.
BAD The only thing this film seems to be advertising is mindless idiocy.
BAD When a film sinks to the level of making jokes about pedophilic rape, you know it's in big trouble ... it's only saving grace is that it's sometimes laughably bad.
BAD Convoluted erotic thriller, not for kids.
FAIR [It's got] Neve Campbell and Denise Richards making out, all the plot twists and double-crossing of a James Ellroy novel, Neve Campbell and Denise Richards having a catfight in a swimming pool and Bill Murray as a sleazy neck-brace-wearing lawyer.
GOOD I heartily recommend Wild Things for its fits of teasing and eroticism (rare in American cinema) and for Bill Murray who has a great role as Lombardo's attorney.
FAIR Wild Things plays like a long Twilight Zone episode with a thick Everglades breeze to it. READ ON (DVD)->
FAIR One of those films for which the phrase 'guilty pleasure' was invented.
BAD Aging sexpot Theresa Russell gets the most Skinemax-worthy moment in a picture that purports to humour jailbait fiends
BAD Call it gratuitous annoyance.
BAD ...even though the action is spiced up with kinky sex, a quick flash of male frontal nudity and long, lingering shots of voluptuous girls in skimpy clothes, there's a peculiar lifelessness about the whole affair.
FAIR Personally, even though I think that the film's too twisted to be believable, I enjoyed it.
BAD This tale of revenge does manage to sidestep cliches and predictability found in this genre, but it goes too far out of the lines to be appreciated.
GOOD Wild Things is a cut above most of the other recent film noir knockoffs, mainly because director John McNaughton has an unmistakable talent for the tawdry.
FAIR Making good sleaze is more difficult than you would expect.
FAIR On its own terms, it works; that is, each ending is well thought-out and vaguely logical.
GOOD Bacon, Campbell, Murray and Dillon are all fun to watch in this film.
FAIR A quirky little noirish tale of sex, greed and mystery.
BAD A Grade C-Skinemax-Two-in-the-Morning-Nothing-Better-to-Watch flick that tries so hard to be a suspense film full of plot twists.
BAD Wild Things gets into trouble when it aspires to be more than a sex exploitation movie.
BAD It is my dreary duty to report that Wild Things ... lacks fantasy and flamboyance, that it lacks, precisely, wild things, and that most of it is just flat.
FAIR It never tries to pass itself off as art, just pure vulgar entertainment.
BAD Laughably bad.
BAD If Hollywood is going to insist on making awful films, the least it could do is make them as wonderfully, hilariously awful as Wild Things.
FAIR The movie is a lot like a jigsaw puzzle in which all the pieces fit, but you don't know exactly what you're looking at until the very last piece is in place.
GOOD Wild Things is a strange sort of hybrid of a movie, and it's not unlike a very long, somewhat jumbled joke. Great punchline, though.
FAIR It's like a three-way collision between a softcore sex film, a soap opera and a B-grade noir. I liked it.
GOOD Sure it's an exploitation movie, but this twisted Technicolor orgy is also a thriller in the original sense of that word.
GOOD Lucky John McNaughton. Best known for the harder-edged Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer and Mad Dog and Glory," he hits the 90210 jackpot with a slick, steamy tale of nonstop treachery...
BAD The script by Stephen Peters exploits one twist after another, until they seem as manipulative as Richards' wet T-shirt.
FAIR Moderately entertaining trash that turns crafty in the last reel when it is finally called on to explain itself.
GOOD Aaron Spelling meets Joe Eszterhas!
FAIR A film you enjoy or you don't. There's no middle ground.
FAIR ...clever and amusing...
FAIR The expression 'cheap thrills' fits this movie perfectly. That's the only reason to see it. But if you're in the mood, that can be a pretty good reason.
FAIR The most guilt-inducing guilty pleasure movie that I have ever watched.
GOOD A fun movie about a community of people with larceny in their hearts, which delivers humor, some whodunit mystery, and quite a few samples of good-old trashy dialogue.
FAIR Brainless and trashy in the extreme, it's also the most canny fun to be had in a while, if you're partial to a swampside Cheez-Whiz nosh.
FAIR Director John McNaughton has some sly fun with the noir genre in this sex-drenched tale of two young vixens (Neve Campbell and Denise Richards) who accuse their high school guidance counselor (Matt Dillon) of rape and begin unwinding plots within plots.
BAD I've seen more convincing drama (with nearly as much bare flesh) on that pinnacle of narrative quality, Baywatch.
BAD The Eternal is just silly and not the least bit scary.
FAIR ...goes on way too long for its tenuous material and never really pays off. However, it is a film of quiet terror...
BAD The farce is forced, the gags grate and the standard of playing varies wildly.
BAD An amateurish, painfully unfunny misfire.
BAD A poorly made, badly acted, lazily written and painfully laugh-free attempt at a farce that's only getting a release to cash in on the presence of TV star Miranda Hart.
BAD Refunds are inevitable.
BAD [An] abysmally made, catastrophically clunky attempt at comedy ...
GOOD One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade.
FAIR Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film, sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies, and it never tries to preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience.
FAIR A jovial, half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke.
FAIR A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they don't go in with any major expectations.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn, and the film hits more often than it misses.
BAD The script is all beginning, with no middle and no end -- the action simply stops, and the credits roll.
GOOD a near-perfect popcorn movie. See it, love it, then move right along, folks.
BAD An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi's Honor for morons.
BAD ...the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly.
BAD une bonne excuse pour se mettre a l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures, mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant a long terme.
FAIR There's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy.
FAIR [E]xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FAIR If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets, it will strike a chord.
FAIR ...it's a romantic comedy with a body count.
FAIR While the ending gets way too noisy, the movie is quite enjoyable.
FAIR There is clearly some intentional satire here, but there's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not enough to what little substance there is.
BAD The movie is best when it's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living, and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself.
BAD Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts. It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
FAIR A lark, a loud, good-looking, escapist, pointless laugh of a film that's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters.
BAD If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage.
BAD They're hot, they're married, and they're trying to kill each other.
FAIR It's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg's script that you never give the movie's central coincidence a second thought.
FAIR Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone.
BAD Part of the problem is the script's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness.
FAIR A film with enough snap, crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours.
BAD Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre, Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long.
BAD It was precisely at the 70-minute mark, where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach, that I figured, no. Stop hoping.
FAIR Complaints about character triviality aside, if you're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade.
BAD Should have been funnier, or at least not played the dramatic irony card so soon...lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry.
FAIR A bloody, gruesome black comedy that's not for kids.
GOOD Mary Harron asks what's more unnerving - exaggerated, imagined violence or vacuous realities some wish to be real, psychosis as much in the construct as the character. Thus, "Psycho's" savagery goes beyond a simple screed against 1980s excess and greed.
FAIR Harron' s incisive eye and Bale' s bravura performance carry the day.
GOOD American Pyscho is one of those films that makes you laugh uncomfortably throughout and you just walk away feeling disgusted. The flick is definitely an underrated masterpiece.
GOOD One can picture Kubrick handling this material with a similar elegant malevolence.
BAD The real shame about Psycho is that there are glimmers of the very smart satire that could've been.
BAD Despite a game performance from Christian Bale, American Psycho never quite achieves lift-off.
GOOD It's smart, frightening and funny.
BAD Comes across as cold to the core, as if untouched by human hands.
GOOD This is one of these films that you either love or hate. I loved it.
FAIR Funny-one-minute, horrifying-the-next film.
BAD When not bludgeoning a business rival with an ax, well-heeled killer Patrick Bateman bludgeons the audience with the film's messages.
GOOD Really brilliant in the way it takes the viewer inside Bateman's world.
GOOD A diretora Mary Harron desempenha admiravelmente bem seu papel, criando um encadeamento logico que, analisado em retrospecto, expoe a linha de raciocinio de Bateman.
FAIR A well-crafted yet essentially innocuous period piece.
GOOD Director Mary Harron takes a theatre of the absurd approach to the controversial best-seller.
GOOD Brett Easton Ellis' controversial and violent novel American Psycho is about as black as comedy gets, and Harron captures the tone and themes perfectly here, highlighting the vacuousness of 80s consumerism without pulling any punches at all.
GOOD An uneven movie that nonetheless bristles with stinging wit and exerts a perverse fascination.
FAIR If all of Ellis's characters more or less stay the same, Harron's film suggests that, like the '80s, Bateman to shall pass.
GOOD The best monster movie in years.
BAD Sex, drugs and sadistic homicide mark disappointing Sundance buzz-maker.
GOOD Una de las mas comentadas, ingeniosas e inteligentes peliculas del ano
FAIR a potentially sensationalistic film that has become--for lack of a better word--boring.
FAIR Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
BAD You may be surprised at how not torturous [the film is].
BAD The sequel's a caricatured and cliched yawner. And the tone is all wrong.
BAD The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't be seeing any more of them. Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
FAIR There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
BAD The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
FAIR It's harmless, albeit cliche riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't make grown-ups wish they had two hours of their life back.
BAD The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
BAD There's no way your own children deserve something as lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
BAD Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
BAD This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
BAD In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
BAD Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
BAD Creepy and predictable.
BAD The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
BAD As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy. But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
BAD ...isn't all bad - but it isn't all good either.
BAD I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
BAD Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
BAD This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
FAIR entertaining, but not enough to make you want to root for the characters
BAD A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the original outside of the title character.
BAD Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't get it unless everything was laid out on a plate.
BAD A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
FAIR Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
BAD Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
BAD The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't win many new fans.
BAD Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
BAD Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
BAD Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
FAIR With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
GOOD As ingenious and lively as the original film.
BAD They are evil and they must be stopped. They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
FAIR A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
BAD After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can be found.
BAD Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
BAD This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube. He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks. He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not just go back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged. But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
BAD Mediocre thriller of the betrayed-woman genre.
BAD This is the work of a director who seems to have been as bored and uninspired making this movie as I was watching it.
BAD High Crimes has its fair share of decent courtroom scenes but the legal tussles are far better than the emotional ones.
FAIR ...Starts out as a taut and intriguing story but seems to get more preposterous as it goes...
FAIR Military whodunit isn't great drama, but director Carl Franklin's skill makes for an above-average thriller.
FAIR [Judd and Freeman] radiate an intelligence that makes so-so movies seem much better.
FAIR This thriller-by-numbers fails to add anything fresh to an already exhausted genre.
BAD Sure it's a good movie...if you've never seen one mystery flick in your entire life!
BAD The twists and red herrings of the plot are so telegraphed to the viewer that they hit the screen with the detached precision of a bus schedule.
FAIR The movie doesn't leave a person looking at his watch every few minutes. But the action is too far-fetched and the ending, in particular, is unconvincing.
FAIR A well-mounted and well-acted suspense movie that, thanks to its illogical script, falls off a cliff midway through.
BAD 'High Crimes' is criminal, criminal filmmaking. It's bad, and not in that '80s good way, just not good.
BAD May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists.
FAIR O roteiro nao insulta nossa inteligencia, o que ja e uma vitoria, nos dias de hoje; mas tambem nao nos obriga a usa-la, o que e uma pena.
BAD Conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' ... where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences.
FAIR Presents nothing special and, until the final act, nothing overtly disagreeable.
FAIR The movie is good and worth seeing - I just would have expected this kind of talent to team up for something more ambitious.
FAIR A definite misdemeanor bordering on a felony.
BAD This script has more holes than a golf course.
BAD It becomes evident that the plot is just a machine to jerk the audience around, and a poorly oiled machine at that -- it clanks when it should click.
FAIR A by-the-numbers mystery/courtroom drama for the Matlock crowd
BAD Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream, it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest.
BAD Undermined by too many problems -- contrivances, recycled suspense/thriller elements, some bad/rough editing, etc.
BAD Stale and cliched to a fault.
FAIR High Crimes has its moments of chicanery that works intermittingly throughout the plot, but for the most part it's a mere misdemeanor of a military courtroom drama that never really challenges the audience's imagination.
BAD Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire.
FAIR It reunites the winning "Kiss the Girls" team of Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman. The chemistry still works.
FAIR Loaded with false alarms, shocks, and a few twists, the story wends its way enjoyably toward resolution, assisted by a nicely constructed set of revelations.
FAIR Our enjoyment of High Crimes depends entirely on how much we identify with these characters -- our immersion in their lives is precisely what carries us over the large and unsightly wrinkles in the script.
BAD Ashley Judd is quickly outdistancing Sandra Bullock for Hollywood's longest streak of bad leading-lady choices.
GOOD It's a strong and at times gripping offering from Hollywood's cosiest A-list filmmaker/star pairing.
GOOD Every detail of the production design is on point for maximum dread and psychic confusion.
FAIR As hard as Shutter Island works to convince you that is a dumb but flashy thriller when it is actually a fairly smart one, it may well be as hollow as any magic trick.
GOOD Scorsese and DiCaprio, in their fourth film together, again create an intense, provocative film-going experience, where the ride, accommodations, and destination are all first class.
FAIR Fortunately, the music chosen to underscore the ever-increasing sense of unease and mystery (artfully selected by Robbie Robertson) is a constant pleasure.
GOOD Shutter Island, is even less 'important' than The Departed. But Scorsese is clearly enjoying himself with this old-school throwback to thrillers past. And it's hard not to revel in it with him.
BAD When the big reveal hits, it's the first big yawn of the film, and the tension dies a sudden death as we wait impatiently for the film to tie up all of its loose ends.
FAIR Shutter Island, after an involving and entertaining beginning, settles for a victory by judges' decision rather than a final knockout.
FAIR Multiplex entertainment this distinctive and provocative doesn't come along every day: it's a head trip well worth taking. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a creepy psychological thriller...short on psychology, characterization, suspense, tension, or thrills.
GOOD Ilha do Medo e O Iluminado de Martin Scorsese.
FAIR Por momentos excesiva y algo decepcionante, resulta de todos modos un inquietante ejercicio sobre la locura servido con gran habilidad por Martin Scorsese.
GOOD As psychological horror thrillers go, it might be flawed, but it's a technically masterful piece of work.
FAIR Shutter Island is second-tier Scorsese, but not one of his misfires. It does the gothic horror genre proud, but fails to transcend it.
FAIR Scorsesejeva stilska vje%u017Eba koja zaslu%u017Euje daleko vi%u0161e preporuke nego mnogi razvikani naslovi na na%u0161em kino-repertoaru
GOOD click to read full review
GOOD Scorsese packs the film with so many thrilling details, surreal asides and masterful set-ups ... that we can't help but enjoy the ride.
FAIR Neither Scorsese nor Di Caprio is at the top of their game in Shutter Island, but like all successful teams they know how to win when they're playing badly. Good not great.
GOOD Some may find it emotionally distant and cold to the touch, yet that's no slight on its superb construction and fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Luridly entertaining.
FAIR Shutter Island is too long and its increasingly surreal tone provides an ending that's a bit of a cheat. But, since it is a Scorsese picture, there's a lot to intrigue on the way.
BAD Since Scorsese is a stylist, the film is enjoyable. It would be more so if you could take out your brain and experience it only with eyes and ears.
BAD Shutter Island could have been an entertainingly hysterical trainwreck, but the train doesn't even leave the station.
GOOD This is one the year's must-see movies.
GOOD There's no doubt that Marty's still got it.
FAIR At the end of it, I got a whiff of shaggy dog.
GOOD It's a wonderfully inventive, visceral horror film, one of Scorsese's most enjoyable pictures.
FAIR As an exercise in pure style over cliched content Shutter Island weaves an impressive and gripping spell.
FAIR Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.
BAD Unsuccessful but fascinating and often entertaining attempt from Martin Scorsese to wrangle with baroque pulp fiction - by turns compelling, hysterical and silly.
FAIR At well over two hours, it could have done with some judicious pruning but Scorsese still manages to keep the story rattling along with a wry sleight of hand and a masterful manipulation of the narrative.
FAIR As senseless, perverse and unwieldy as it undoubtedly is, Shutter Island might be Scorsese's most enjoyable film in a decade.
GOOD Shutter Island offers sumptuous, enthralling, shivery gothic filmmaking with a hardboiled heart and a sly line in asylum humour.
FAIR ...there inevitably reaches a point wherein Scorsese's expectedly self-indulgent sensibilities hinder one's efforts at wholeheartedly embracing the increasingly convoluted narrative...
BAD Uh, no.
BAD Fundamentally lame.
BAD Put it out of it's misery
FAIR If you liked ...London for its wit, chances are this one will fall flat for you as it did for me.
BAD O terror cede lugar ao pastelao.
BAD The computer animation of the monsters here is a herky-jerky cartoon blur that is anything but scary.
BAD Translates your average bad teen comedy into a below-average adult romantic comedy.
FAIR Mildly amusing Josh Hartnett sex comedy.
BAD This tedious romantic romp is based on a single idea--a hunk (Josh Hartnet) abstaining from sex for the duration of Lent--extended to the limits of a feature-length picture.
FAIR They could have easily made yet another gross-out comedy, but instead the laughs are born of clever writing and likable characters.
BAD Finds a way to present a light-hearted sexual comic fairy tale, then derails itself with bad romantic comedy fallbacks.
BAD This movie was about the most excruciating hour and a half I've endured recently.
FAIR A reasonably intelligent adult comedy.
BAD This film would've been a lot funnier if the filmmaker's had shown the slightest bit of imagination in terms of the plot's comic possibilities.
FAIR It's a collection of guy humor, no more and no less.
FAIR In places 40 Days is actually quite witty but one can't help feeling that both Hartnett and Lehmann ... deserve better than this.
BAD Mean-spirited, ugly little movie.
BAD The movie reminded me of a beer commercial during a football game, with about as much depth but not nearly the wit.
GOOD A sex comedy starring Josh Hartnett is almost guaranteed a mainstream following. But that hasn't kept Lehmann from giving 40 Days the look and feel of a spirited, independent comedy.
BAD You may feel like taking a vow of abstinence yourself -- at least from Hollywood youth-sex comedies.
FAIR 'An admittedly raunchy but smart satirical poke at sexual politics in the information age. It's also funnier than we have any right to expect.'
FAIR The script boils down to 90 minutes of dirty jokes. Most of them are funny and some are hilarious.
BAD Hartnett may grow into a major film star someday with better material, but this is a one-night stand he'll want to forget.
FAIR This is a movie full of sex jokes, but they don't involve mechanics and fluids so much as the nature of sex and the way it governs young life.
BAD Then, there's the seen-that-before scene of poor Matt walking around with a protrusion he seems blithely unaware of that seems to go to some preposterously immense proportions.
BAD None of the characters interested me.
BAD A dulling experience. The movie screams been there, done that and offers nothing new to the table.
BAD Why do screenwriters demean women in these movies by having them find these lunk-headed doofuses so attractive?
BAD Not the funniest film ever on this subject, but a nice statement and satire on relationships today.
FAIR it is essentially a slightly more mature gross-out comedy
FAIR The material may be lightweight, but it's been shaped into a film that deserves to become a classic in an admittedly lightweight genre.
FAIR A funny sex comedy about not having sex.
FAIR It has a way of wearing out what's supposed to be knockabout farce.
FAIR For all its outrageous humor, 40 Days and 40 Nights actually has something to say about the value of emotional intimacy over physical intimacy.
FAIR Creates a rapport with its young viewers by first affronting them with its crude treatment of sex and then entertaining them with a silly plot.
FAIR Two previously boring actors [Hartnett and Sossamon] ... bring their characters to sparkly life.
GOOD Os dialogos sao otimos, os dois antagonistas sao bem desenhados e corretamente vividos por seus interpretes, mas e uma pena que, nos ultimos minutos, torne-se formulaico demais.
BAD After impressing with his debut, former film critic Lurie has destroyed all of his credibility in the space of two hours with this display of jaundiced jingoism.
BAD Robert Redford's military prison drama contains cruel and unusual punishment -- for the audience.
BAD The movie's poster advertises "a castle can only have one king". That may be true, but how come this "Last Castle" has so many jesters?
GOOD Serves as an intense drama, an intelligent thriller, and an intriguing character study wrapped into a solidly constructed package.
GOOD If I had a castle, I'd want General Irwin on my side.
FAIR Interesante alegoria sobre el valor de la libertad, entretenimiento de alto nivel y bien pensado
FAIR Not a serious prison flick, but director Lurie finds fresh ways to frame familiar situations, and pulls it off with enough tongue-in-cheek wit.
BAD It is not a realistic story at all and it is predictable and derivative.
BAD A career-ending missive from two seriously disturbed individuals.
FAIR Like the high stone walls of the title structure, director Rod Lurie's "The Last Castle" can be stately but sometimes seem a little too stiff for its own good.
BAD Lays everything on so thick that the film becomes a rather comical exaggeration of all it's supposed to be.
FAIR a jingoistic military action fantasy about the enduring power of what it means to be a soldier
FAIR What would ordinarily be called schmaltz is just what the doctor ordered in our present struggle against flag-burning terrorists.
BAD Some films just leave you puzzled, and The Last Castle is one of them.
BAD Preposterous... messy... saccharine.
GOOD As the suspense builds, you'll be on the edge of your seat. And the ending, which involves the American flag, will have you wanting to stand up and cheer.
BAD Devolves into a mundane warden-versus-inmate conclusion.
BAD A heavy-handed military prison melodrama.
FAIR The Last Castle is not as simple as it looks, though its appeal is simple.
FAIR Thanks to Redford and Gandolfini, you might be able to forgive The Last Castle's prison-movie cliches, as well as the rash of improbabilities that undermine the film's extended final prison-yard battle.
GOOD The story is a stirring vehicle for serious themes embodied by sharply drawn characters.
BAD It's not objectionable (which is saying something these days) but neither does it have any compelling reason to be seen.
FAIR When the screen finally darkens and the doors open for our release, we come away mildly entertained by the experience, although definitely grateful to get off with time served.
FAIR The immediate experience of watching The Last Castle is strongly involving, and the action at the end, exciting.
FAIR ...makes no excuses about what it is: an old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with an invincible hero.
BAD The film chokes to death on Walter Hill's dusty artistry.
GOOD Wry, cold and confident, Willis squints and blasts his way through the film, a blazing pistol in each hand.
GOOD Walter Hill's Last Man Standing is an overlooked action masterpiece that perfectly blends the Western and the gangster film.
BAD For all the gunplay and assorted violence, there is nothing between the action scenes to engage the audience.
FAIR Willis does good work in this dusty Western Yojimbo.
GOOD A Walter Hill classic with super cool Bruce Willis.
BAD The slow-moving story is as dry as the desert wind that blows through Jericho.
FAIR This movie is a time-filler, something you can have on in the background while you're doing something else, and can glance at whenever the shooting starts.
GOOD One of the collest gunslinger movies of the new generation.
BAD In the translation from samurai to western, however, something is lost, resulting in a film that is top-heavy with 'overkill' and eventually tedious to sit through.
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?' The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no necessary tension, no memorable characters, and no sense of fun. Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it. The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't take much mental power to come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in Hurry Sundown bad -- still the worst Southern accent ever attempted by a future Oscar winner and knight. But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not only to the characters, but also the audience. Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it. You'd be wrong. They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not even sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
GOOD With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
BAD Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
GOOD So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
FAIR The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning. Too bad the narration sounds like a string of cliches from creaky old detective novels.
GOOD Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun. It may not be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
GOOD This extremely violent movie is NOT for kids.
GOOD On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre. On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
BAD My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
GOOD ...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
GOOD About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
BAD The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
FAIR Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
GOOD For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
GOOD What an electric cast!
GOOD It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
GOOD Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradacion social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
FAIR Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no solo no sorprende sino que las historias lucen irregulares y reiterativas.
FAIR There are three types of performances in "Sin City". There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
GOOD For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not always to the stomach).
GOOD SINiestra, pero SINsacional
GOOD Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
GOOD Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
GOOD If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
GOOD Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nivel) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussao sobre as relacoes entre os sexos.
BAD Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
GOOD Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
GOOD It's violent, it's sexist, it's cliched and it's trashy. And for once those are all plus-points.
GOOD [A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
GOOD I was thoroughly entertained.
GOOD Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
BAD A cartoony and messy narrative that is mostly style over substance.
FAIR "Killer Elite" came close to earning a recommendation, but because of the problems with the script and a bit of a drawn-out storyline, it didn't quite get there.
BAD The Killer Elite is a flabby, cheap looking, mess that has a saving grace in the performance of Deniro.
FAIR McKendry doesn't pull off either the action nor the drama to any satisfaction.
BAD While it promised to rock us like a hurricane, Killer Elite instead bores us with action movie cliches aplenty and uninspired action sequences.
BAD Far more than just another Transporter clone, and far less than the sum of its parts, the result is an oddity you couldn't make up.
BAD Stale and bland, Killer Elite is an emotionless, assembly-line actioner with little to keep even the hardest of hardcore fans interested.
FAIR ...an uncompromising, better-than-average actioner that gets the job done on an impressively consistent basis.
BAD a theatrical release with the star power behind this movie should have delivered something much better
BAD Even die-hard De Niro fans may be disappointed in his choice this time around. 'Killer Elite' does indeed present an ensemble of terrific actors trying to kill each other. Problem is, this adds up to a serviceable actioner but nothing more.
BAD [Jason Statham] may be going the way of Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
BAD Gary McKendry's 1980s period piece is admirably hard-nosed, but hamstrung by its rather routine action sequences and its utterly cliched 'meaningful' dialogue ('Killing isn't hard. Living with it is,' intones Statham).
BAD Can't even manage the not-terribly-artful task of being a good "Jason Statham growls and beats people up" picture.
BAD I don't know which is more risible: Clive Owen's mustache, which would have been the envy of any 70s-era porn star, or the fact that someone as tough and charismatic as Owen could possibly be saddled with the name Spike.
BAD The overlong, perfunctory Killer Elite is simply a series of (reasonably well-choreographed) assassination sequences.
FAIR I had a perfectly fine time watching the movie and the antics of its three stars.
BAD The big stunts and action sequences simply dull the brain and the Oman angle is lost inside a scarcely-fathomable plot.
BAD Long, muddled, misguided.
FAIR Jason Statham delivers the action as usual but this time he has the support of Owen and De Niro.
BAD A few good stunts, some tolerable brooding and one nice, if silly desert chase. But not essential.
BAD A solid, but mostly forgettable, thriller that has an intriguing plot and solid cast going for it, but isn't particularly well-made.
BAD the audience learns that Jason Statham, tied to a chair and unarmed, is more dangerous than men who are both armed and unfettered. Moments like that of pure physicality are too few and too far between
BAD Fast-paced and disposable. For action fans, that will be plenty. For those wanting more, look elsewhere.
FAIR If you're a fan of Statham or Owen, you will enjoy the action, but what could have been a classic and the start to a franchise, is instead just another guys and guns movie.
BAD Claims to recount true events but is frankly very hard to believe.
BAD "Killer Elite" sticks to the ribs when it sticks to simple skullduggery and Stathamian standards of busting heads. Whenever it strives for warrior poetry, it's more like a Nantucket-esque limerick scribbled in a London pub's bathroom.
BAD Pockets of really interesting action in a sea of tedious exposition.
FAIR It's an uneven mix, though it still delivers in fits and starts.
BAD The permanently scowling Statham borders on caricature, while the talents of De Niro and Owen are completely wasted.
GOOD Jason Statham cements status as top-level action star.
BAD Ask yourself: Would The Parallax View and Three Days of the Condor be better with scissor kicks? Are The Conversation and Marathon Man a few dislocated bones short of greatness? Even if you answered yes, you should lower your expectations.
FAIR Killer Elite is a throwback to an era when action movies still had balls, when muscular bravado easily overcame banal screenwriting and corny narrative earnestness.
BAD Despite the presence of some notable acting talent, this not-Elite work turns out to be just another dumb Jason Statham film.
GOOD Despite the obvious influences of the original "Chainsaw," "Hills Have Eyes," "Last House," and other kidnap-terror films, you can't predict what is going to happen in this film.
FAIR It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated (and slyly undermined) by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir's Picnic At Hanging Rock...
FAIR ...an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that's stylish without being obtrusive.
FAIR A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
GOOD Esta e a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Eletrica merecia.
FAIR Inhumane? Yep. Sadistic? Sure. But it works where countless others of the genre have failed, by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose.
FAIR What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon cliches balanced off by some legitimate shocks.
GOOD The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience.
BAD This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive. Don't say you weren't warned!
GOOD Low-budget horror doesn't get much better than this.
BAD Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized, beaten, stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection.
BAD The film is okay, if you're into that sort of thing, but it's an acquired taste.
BAD It's boring, then it's nasty, then it's over. That last one is its only saving grace
BAD The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer's throat on Christmas Day, bought by the Weinsteins for $3.5 million. Next time, could we get a gift certificate instead?
FAIR one of the more disturbing horror films I've seen in quite some time.
FAIR It's not your typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.
FAIR A patient, naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror.
BAD Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty.
BAD Hey, here's an idea for the new year. What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like "Wolf Creek?"
BAD There's no substitute for bad taste. And this one has it double-barreled, both in the timing of its release and as a movie, one said to be loosely based on fact.
GOOD The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective.
BAD There's no suspense, really, and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims, who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter.
FAIR This is some horror flick.
FAIR The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't quite the right word.
BAD Killers don't need motivation anymore, just opportunity. And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene, to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale, there aren't any surprises.
BAD Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money doesn't mean it deserves yours.
FAIR Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly, and it succeeds.
FAIR As the situation grows more dire, and the film turns the screws, you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists, because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters.
BAD An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive, Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace.
FAIR Disappointingly formulaic.
BAD You want to close your eyes but can't -- a sure sign the horror is working.
FAIR As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise, Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective.
BAD A very unpleasant movie.
FAIR The movie has its entertaining flashes, but there's too much bat-jive and bat-hokum.
BAD [A] loud, long and pointless spectacle.
FAIR Batman & Robin won't kill the popular series, but it ought to slow it down a tad.
BAD There's plenty to look at but nothing to feel.
FAIR Clooney manages to keep even these scenes afloat with consistent good humor and unforced charm.
BAD Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which gets off to a roaring start, then quite literally crashes.
BAD A sniggering, exhausting, overproduced extravaganza that has virtually all of the humanity pounded out of it in the name of an endless parade of stunt sequences.
BAD Schumacher piles on the action, but this is still the least satisfying entry in the series.
BAD Predictably dismal pop-operatic guff.
BAD Keaton, Kilmer and Clooney. Sounds like a law firm. Look for a fourth partner soon.
BAD Nothing here approximates a consistent or engrossing story. Instead, we're left with clumsily filmed action sequences that are full of sound and fury, but signify nothing.
BAD I've seen colonic X-rays more visually appealing than what Schumacher throws up on the screen.
BAD Among the worst wide-release films of the 1990s, offering virtually nothing in the way of positive compensation other than an excellent chance to mock it with a cadre of like-minded, drunk friends.
FAIR Same bat-time, same bat-movie.
BAD This franchise has gotten aggressively unsatisfying.
BAD A high-rent jumble sale of smarty-pants pop-culture gags and expensive tchochtkes.
BAD Schumacher's intention appears to have been to make something so awful, so corny, so campy, so preposterously bad that audiences would simply laugh at it. Sorry. Bad is bad.
BAD Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
BAD Alfred posits, "For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world? An attempt to control death itself." Okay, fine, but we get this and dick jokes?
BAD Like most sequels, Batman has lost steam after three.
BAD The title that managed to kill modern-day Batman movies.
BAD Devoid of a point of view, a narrative structure, intelligent dialogue and three-dimensional (or even two-dimensional) characters, the latest Batman movie is much more like a violence-oriented video game than a form of dramatic art.
FAIR By most accounts, the worst of the series - yet I like it the best. Probably because my expectations were so low to begin with. Clooney breathes some life back into the role.
BAD Warner Brothers owns the Batman character; you would think they would have a vested interest in doing a good job of the films, but the films themselves prove that they don't -- and this film provides the most numbing, sickening, inane proof of all.
BAD For all its star power and stylish toys, it never really rises above the level of a Saturday morning cartoon.
BAD This is just too much, like two hours of annoying TV commercials spiked with bad acid.
BAD Warner Bros, we got a problem.
BAD Repetitive, slow and surprisingly messy.
BAD I didn't expect much from Batman & Robin and I didn't get much in return -- in that sense the movie delivered.
BAD A misguided and generally worthless prequel...
BAD Since Heijningen already had dibs on The Thing's hallowed name, he didn't even bother trying to conjure any of its slow-burning suspense or claustrophobic vibe.
BAD For a creature feature set on the South Pole, it lacks urgency, or even a sense that it's very cold in Antarctica.
BAD The fact that The Thing falls flat is proof positive that unlike the film's industrious alien, parasitic remakes can't easily carbon copy the host.
BAD Gets the externals but can't duplicate the authentic chill and isolation of the original.
FAIR If this take is perfectly passable, it also is distinctly forgettable.
BAD Can't possibly compare to the film it's inspired by, but if you've not seen the 1982 version, you should find it reasonably harmless, albeit with an increasingly daft climax.
FAIR There's nothing really new about this remake/prequel, but the film's attention to continuity and detail is respectable and interesting for fans of John Carpenter's 1982 classic.
BAD This is the third time I've watched the John W. Campbell Jr. story 'Who Goes There?' unfold. I have to admit the monster in this one is the most disgusting and thereby the most fascinating of all three.
FAIR Van Heijningen Jr's The Thing still works as a perfectly watchable contemporary sci-fi thriller on the surface by creating enough entertaining scares ...
BAD There are a few tense moments, but the plot is packed full of cliches - imagine, the radio is dead and there's a storm coming!
BAD Van Heijningen has again reinterpreted the material, he has instead done so for an era in which horror films are remade by commercials directors who get the look, but miss the feel, of the original article.
FAIR The themes of paranoia and isolation are the same as Carpenter's film, but the effects aren't a patch on the original.
BAD This isn't the real Thing; keep it at bay.
BAD Whatever good intentions were behind this prequel to John Carpenter's 1982 classic, the sloppy execution renders them moot.
GOOD Tense, smart and suitably gruesome, this certainly delivers the goods.
BAD It's curious that a movie about a shape-shifting, person-imitating alien lifeform should itself feel like a mutant hybrid: half-prequel, half-remake, never sure which end to cosy up to.
FAIR Nary an original bone in this monster's body, but effective nonethleless.
FAIR Schlock lovers and Friday night thrill-seekers are disgustingly well served. Best skip that tray of gooey nachos, though.
FAIR Never quite lives up to Carpenter's version, though it's entertaining enough, thanks to a superb performance from Mary Elizabeth Winstead and some satisfyingly gloopy visuals.
BAD Despite its visual sophistication and a good lead performance, there's no escaping that this Thing is a pointless remake trying to convince itself that it is in fact a prequel.
BAD Efficient enough for newcomers perhaps, but never that chilling, and the predictably dull CGI underlines how far movie magic has regressed in the past couple of decades.
FAIR By no means the finessed work of a Carpenter; more an enthusiastic DIY expert who read the instructions once and reckons he can manage.
BAD The great irony of The Thing-quel is that, as an imitation itself, it's a uniquely unconvincing simulacrum of the thing it's trying to ape.
BAD Consisting of a few shock pops and queasy effects, The Thing is tired, rote and uninspired, becoming a waiting game to see who gets knocked off next. There's nothing here not seen before, including in its superior 1982 sire.
FAIR Great care has been taken to not fill this movie full of lame, jittery camera angles and a faster-than-necessary pace, which is nice. It's just too bad that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is dull as dishwater.
BAD Studio-produced fan fiction that indulges in an intensely close, even fetishistic extension of all the hints and details given in the original film, but misses the forest for the trees.
BAD It's easy enough to sit through, it'll be even easier to forget in a few weeks.
BAD The Thing's nondescript title once represented the fear of the unknown, but for the contemporary rehash, it's an indication of a generic, lifeless 100 minutes.
FAIR Succeeds as a fan-pleasing showcase for gruesome human/monster shapeshifting and other digital horror effects.
BAD Almost liked it!
FAIR The Thing definitely owes a lot to John Carpenter's 1982 cult classic but as a whole, it is a pretty darned good little shocker.
FAIR Still can raise enough scares with its twists and turns to be surprisingly entertaining
BAD While it doesn't spoil the legacy of John Carpenter's film, it doesn't exactly add much to it either.
FAIR Hopefully we'll never tire of the visual splendour inherent in seeing human faces tear themselves apart.
BAD It feels like a prequel/homage/remake of the first two films all rolled into a kind of fleshy burrito that throbs.
FAIR Laughable dialogue and the CGI-generated monster get in the way of the scares.
BAD It's a requel (prequel + remake). Same pattern, different characters. Unfortunately, it doesn't do anything better than John Carpenter's vision.
BAD Under its glossy exterior and claims to be an extreme version, this is a generic and surprisingly tame horror offering.
BAD Paradise Lost is an undemanding thriller with little in the way of invention and not much going on other than some impressive scenery and a few sweet racks.
FAIR Turistas is a beautifully shot tale of tropical terror that starts building an ominous vibe early on, but never really turns into a full-fledged gross-out like Hostel. Except for that one part.
BAD With a plot Frankensteined from the remains of "Hostel", "The Descent" and "Wolf Creek", "Turistas" was clearly never going to be on anyone's 10 best list.
BAD Brazil's tourist industry gets a bad rap in this horror-lite shocker that might just leave you rooting for the bad guy.
BAD contains itself in insufferable artificiality
BAD Merece ser ignorado por ser pessimo, nao por ser uma "visao preconceituosa" do Brasil.
BAD Don't stay home out of fear of imagined atrocities in another country. Stay home from this movie instead.
BAD ...brutally effective -- with an accent on the "brute."
BAD As conflicted as the U.S. psyche: The movie locates the ghastly fates of its victims in the history of American arrogance, yet tells us to never trust a foreigner, even when she's in a bikini.
BAD Don't bother to buy popcorn, the sight of Josh Duhamel's abs and Melissa George's breasts should tide you over until Beau Garrett's pancreas and kidneys show up.
BAD This is strictly 'Teenagers as Meat on the Hoof 101' stuff -- only more idiotic than usual.
BAD It's part Hostel, part The Harvest, part The Cave, and all bad.
BAD In any language the dark Turistas is not too bright.
FAIR You may just want to unpack that suitcase after seeing Turistas, a shocking and genuinely terrifying trip into the jungles of Brazil even if it is low-budget and sometimes cheesy to it's core.
BAD Turistas" eventually succumbs to the one unforgivable sin in a horror movie: It's dull.
BAD [Director] Stockwell delivers too little of the dread and titillation this genre prescribes.
BAD This disappointing, worst-case-scenario thriller tips its hand entirely too early before heading further south than Rio.
FAIR Turistas is a passport to a different kind of vacation hell.
BAD While comparisons to Hostel are inevitable Turistas rarely achieves its level of sustained menace and discomfort.
BAD It's fitting that, in a season in which Hollywood offers up its prestige pictures -- the ones it hopes will garner critics' prizes and Academy Awards -- Turistas should come along to offer a bit of contrast.
BAD What's infuriating about Turistas is that it's slick, gorgeously shot and riddled with brilliantly crafted set-pieces.
BAD Ultimately, the best approach to Turistas is to do what these tourists should have done: just stay home.
FAIR It gallops along with a suspenseful, dead-on sense of dread.
BAD This one is just too obvious, almost from the title.
BAD Turistas doesn't have much going for it beyond its xenophobic subtext about trusting young Americans and crude and crafty foreigners. The action scenes are so dark as to be unfathomable. The characters are so alike as to be indistinguishable.
BAD Turistas has mastered the international language: stupidity.
FAIR Folks might find a bit of post-Iraq angst insinuated into the script, but any hint of social initiative in a movie this formulaic would be strictly coincidental.
BAD More dull than a gory, scary film ought to be.
BAD Although quite pleasing to look at for a while -- lush jungles, gorgeous water features, bare young flesh all over the place -- the film is spiritually misshapen from the get-go.
BAD With the success of Hostel and the Saw movies, another wave of cinematic nausea is upon us. Turistas tries to ride that wave all the way to the bank, but it's too timid and perfunctory to get very far.
BAD The story is idiotic, the dialogue moronic and the characters are cardboard cutouts. Stupid cardboard cutouts.
FAIR Consider it a modern spin on Deliverance, with no squealing like a pig -- just squeals of frightful excitement.
BAD Unpleasant but never really suspenseful, the new teen torture thriller Turistas causes only a dull, predictable pain.
FAIR The cinema of sadism smartens up in Turistas, a violent drama that has all the don't-go-there nastiness of B-movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek with a whole lot less of that guilty aftertaste.
BAD All the blood and nudity mark Turistas as an exploitation film, of the horror-thriller variety -- but who knew exploitation could be so boring?
FAIR With Turistas, [director John Stockwell] is stuck with a silly plot and characters that make you sometimes wish the movie were a cheap slasher picture after all.
BAD It's only a few weeks before Christmas, and do you know what that means?... it means horror movies about human organ trafficking.
BAD Like some of King's other tales, it loses its way, devolving into a rape revenge fantasy whose potency is diluted by silly gimmicks like a talking GPS system with a mind of its own.
FAIR A few horror-story cliches seep in, but with Bello playing a character who is strikingly unglamorous and at times not even sympathetic, Big Driver should deliver for its audience.
FAIR It's a powerful film - not because its story of a vengeful female will shine a light on social injustices, but simply because it grips viewers and doesn't let go until the credits are rolling. Maria Bello is a pain-stricken wonder.
BAD Nothing particularly surprising or exciting happens, and the straightness with which the subject is treated eventually means everything seizes up.
BAD Despite the fact that the scariest thing about this Yorkshire-brewed ghost story are the 70s fashions (avocado kitchen and rum and pep, anyone?), there is something quite charming about the creakiness of it all.
BAD Director Pat Holden delivers a few effective shocks but overcooks the climax.
BAD This British scary movie is preposterous and cheesy, if occasionally oddly enjoyable.
BAD A film that not even the formidable Gary Lewis can save is a scary thing indeed.
BAD Soon gives way to silliness, with the poltergeist fiddling with Sally's Buckeroo and Slinky toys.
FAIR Aesthetically authentic and frightening in parts. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem all that different to what has come before it.
BAD Besides a couple of decent low-key jolts, hearsay and heroic art direction alone don't add up to t'Exorcist.
BAD As soon as Morgan Freeman's alien hunter/military commander turns up, a riveting movie starts morphing into a predictable villain-on-the-warpath action flick.
GOOD This Stephen King is way too scary for kids.
GOOD Call me crude -- I have to love a scene of suspense built around fallen toothpicks and a toilet monster.
BAD What begins as a pique to our collective curiosity quickly degenerates into what is essentially a shootout between the good guys and the monsters.
BAD We have a long wait as Dreamcatcher cycles through pay-per-view, cable, and special edition DVD, until at last, like other inept King vehicles, it sinks into obscurity.
BAD Click to read review
BAD A mishmash of styles and genres, Dreamcatcher tries so hard to do so much that it ends up accomplishing very little.
FAIR Logic flies out the window, even given the fantastic elements, and the initially interesting characters are soon reduced to cardboard cutouts.
BAD ...bogs down in psychological mumbo-jumbo, redundancy, imitation, and sheer vulgarity, with a multitude of flashbacks interrupting the flow of what little narrative is left.
BAD An awful, ludicrous blend of sci-fi and horror, crammed full of self-indulgent Stephen King gimmicks.
BAD Kasdan's film -- like King's book -- is too long, and loses its way less than an hour in, once the stuck-in-the-woods-with-a-monster horror plot turns into something else.
FAIR It's thrilling to see what a talented director can do with the humorous and horrifying imagination of literary legend Stephen King.
BAD There must be other films that make such large dives from gripping interest to complete bollocks, but the mind boggles when attempting to remember them.
BAD An early X-Files episode did everything 20 times better.
BAD De acordo com os produtores, Stephen King pediu apenas um dolar para ceder os direitos de adaptacao de O Apanhador de Sonhos. A julgar-se pelo resultado final, ele cobrou caro demais.
BAD Part sci-fi, part horror, all drivel, this schlocky Stephen King adaptation is amusingly dreadful.
BAD Two words: anal leakage.
BAD A simplified, truncated mess.
FAIR There are plenty of twists, turns and surprises in this elegant and sometimes witty horror flick. . .
GOOD Bumpy, lumpy Stephen King adaptation is anything but by-the-book -- and packed with scares by a team of talents.
BAD It starts out as an intriguing story of telepathic friends and ends up a monster mash of Ed Wood awfulness.
BAD ...[invites] Mystery Science Theater 3000-esque mocking...
FAIR Marked by a couple of masterful performances in skillfully written singular roles.
FAIR This review officially renounces the "solution" to the psychological ending written in the novel. The rest is great & Kingian.
FAIR It's a mess, but it manages to entertain for longer than many movies do
BAD Next time Stephen King wants to write about something really scary, he can take the adaptation of Dreamcatcher as his inspiration.
BAD Like Signs, the picture suddenly shifts gears to turn into a choppy, noisy FX blowout.
GOOD There are enough ideas in Dreamcatcher for three or four ordinary movies. But then this is no ordinary movie. It's a grand, loopy pageant of ideas, schlock horror and subtle horror, and gross-out effects.
BAD Sloppy, pointless, predictable mess.
BAD Buckles under the weight of so many haywire plot developments.
BAD A nightmare of a movie.
FAIR The 136-minute Dreamcatcher suffers from more than a few missed chances and wasted time.
BAD Grimly directed by Kasdan, with a stylish gleam to the cinematography, the film is glossy high-camp nonsense.
GOOD Witty Woody Allen film about marriage and maybe murder.
GOOD ...Woody Allen at his best.
FAIR Although "Manhattan Murder Mystery" struggles with its own contrivances, it achieves a gentle, nostalgic grace and a hint of un-self-conscious wisdom.
GOOD Terrific Woody Allen thrill comedy with the great Keaton co-starring as a plus.
GOOD A deft blend of humor and suspence. It's almost as if Allen missed his calling to direct thrillers.
FAIR A cute Allen comedy; not one of his classics, but has some inspired moments.
GOOD A frequently funny flick that reminds one of the younger, odder Woody Allen.
FAIR As if William Powell were back with Myrna Loy or Gracie Allen with George Burns, Keaton and Allen revel in each other's presence.
FAIR "Manhattan Murder Mystery" is an accomplished balancing act.
GOOD A cool premise executed well
BAD The second installment in the series, churns like a lump of moldy dough sitting in the pit of your stomach, trying ever so hard to be digested.
GOOD A welcome return for the World's Greatest Detective Other Than Batman, and a sequel that impressively conspires to be more challenging than its predecessor.
BAD As it stands, with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary, my dear moviegoer.
BAD The truth about this Game of Shadows and its predecessor is that neither has a story worthy of its hero. The story is not only often improbable, it is often simply impossible to follow.
BAD The mystery and fun of the first feature is replaced with a bland miscast villain and slam-bang action nonsense, none of which is very impressive.
GOOD The overall effect is of sort of Steam Punk Toulouse Lautrec portrait, intricately designed, occasionally visually dazzling, and well-acted throughout.
FAIR The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature.
FAIR I actually enjoyed A Game of Shadows more than the original. This will be entertaining for those of you who enjoyed the original and others who just will watch RDJ in anything.
FAIR If only they'd spent the cash on a bad guy with stature, instead of taking that phrase, "the banality of evil," so literally. Playing this Game might have been even more fun.
BAD If this film is an indicator of the quality of films in 2012 I'll be praying that the Mayans were right about this little blue planet going boom.
BAD Dear Guy Ritchie: My name is Robin Hood. I need to be brought into today's world of short attention spans, nonreading, and lovable, cantankerous heroes. If you can turn Sherlock into a glib, pompous ass, imagine what you can do for me.
FAIR Se volta a representar uma experiencia divertida e cheia de energia, desaponta tambem por jamais oferecer algo de novo ou realmente interessante.
FAIR Guy Ritchie digs deep into his trusted bag of tricks and turns his patented stylised action filmmaking up to maximum wattage. Fortunately, Ritchie still manages to create an entertaining film in spite of his excessive ways.
FAIR Sherlock Holmes - A Game of Shadows does have one trick up its sleeve that makes it a worthy companion to its predecessor: the upgrading of the homo-erotic subtext to clear-as-day text.
FAIR The broader strokes of Moriarty's plan become evident a little too easily, dropping like a grand piano rather than a penny. But the finer machinations make the story a delight.
FAIR It gives a cursory nod to intellect, a quality most other Hollywood blockbusters are all too willing to ignore.
FAIR That Downey-Law chemistry still makes this a game worth playing.
GOOD Source fidelity aside, the thing that really matters is that Ritchie's re-interpretation is exciting, witty and great fun.
BAD Those expecting something more cerebral will be deeply disappointed.
FAIR h Warner kai o Guy Ritchie apofasisan ayth th fora na sebastoyn perissotero osoys plhrwnoyne to antitimo gia na doyn ton hrwa toy titloy, se bathmo anapantexo
FAIR Infinitely more watchable than its predecessor, with Downey, Law and, now, Fry all on top form. Yet McAdams is sorely missed.
GOOD Holmes and Watson better than ever.
GOOD The production is still needlessly overlong and overblown, a far cry from your father's (or even your cousin's) conception of the master detective. But it's certainly lively and has clever moments that involve Holmes' keen powers of observation...
BAD Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year: The Hangover, Part 2..
GOOD That rare thing -- the sequel that is better than the original.
GOOD is as fiendishly clever as it is intricately constructed. It remains true to the original appeal of Holmes and his methods, while going as large as 21st-century CGI can go, as well as incorporating a bracing modern sensibility
FAIR If viewers go in expecting another Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett as a cerebral Holmes, star Robert Downey Jr.'s vigorous portrayal of the character will surely be unsettling.
BAD It's gone from an action franchise with identity to something mostly generic and uninspiring.
FAIR Game of Shadows makes better use of director Guy Ritchie's "Sherlock Holmes on steroids" concept.
FAIR A fairly good action movie but one that wastes the talents of Noomi Rapace
BAD I can't help but feel that this movie is a real disservice to Arthur Conan Doyle
FAIR There's no fun quite as shallow as the fun of watching actors goof with one another, which is pretty much the single card that A Game of Shadows has to play.
BAD The thing that was so prevalent in the first film--that I found missing here--was simply unadultered fun.
GOOD there is no Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies. Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how many years one is removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth gone wild remains burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
GOOD One of the best serial killer movie i have seen
GOOD Fascinating and absorbing. One of HBO's finest made-for-cable flicks.
FAIR ...a tenuously engaging thriller that could've used a few more passes through the editing bay...
GOOD The iconic actors give memorable performances, the story is perfectly pitched and fiercely clever and under the astounding directorial eye of Alfred Hitchcock - American Cinematic God - it's nearly flawless.
GOOD It has all the classic elements of a Hitchcock film - well timed suspense, an overall mystery, a compelling cast and some brilliantly conceived scenes.
GOOD Witty Hitchcock thriller. Not for little ones.
GOOD The picture is hugely pleased with itself, but it's too funny and expertly calibrated to mind in the least.
GOOD Hitchcock breezes through a tongue-in-cheek, nightmarish plot with a lightness of touch that's equalled by a charming performance from Grant.
GOOD North by Northwest, Alfred Hitchcock's very own adrenalin-fuelled action blockbuster.
GOOD The romcom suspense caper is a cinematic recipe that Alfred Hitchcock took with him to his grave; certainly I can't imagine anyone now succeeding in blending thrills, spills, caresses and laughs the way he did in this sublime classic from 1959.
GOOD Hitchcock succeeded in wanting to give popcorn munchers a movie to smile at. And he was never this playful again.
GOOD North By Northwest is the quintessential Hitchcock thriller and one of the most exciting movies of all time. So there.
GOOD Welcome and much needed proof that great action movies don't have to be meaningless and moronic.
GOOD Cary Grant's suave adman Roger O Thornhill finds himself in mortal peril as the innocent man-on-the-run, yet the tone throughout is buoyantly, almost insolently, comic.
GOOD See it again and you'll come away marvelling.
GOOD Not Hitchcock's most profound work, but a tightly conceived, expertly executed thriller from the master of suspense.
GOOD Certifiable classic territory, Hitchcock's glossiest entertainment is the closest the trickster ever came to an action movie.
GOOD The great suspense director was at his most entertaining, creating a helter skelter action film where the hero is propelled from one breathless situation to the next.
GOOD More than a clearing house for Hitchcock's auteur tendencies.
GOOD Thrilling, funny, and romantic; it elevates popcorn adventure to art...defines the ideal use of star power....[and] marries deadly intrigue to out-and-out delight. [Blu-ray]
GOOD ... one of those great movies that cannot withstand the barest amount of scrutiny - it is the sort of movie movie that can exist only because we are willing to collaborate with its directors and stars. Fifty years on, it keeps on ticking.
GOOD Hitchcock's direction is a little flabby, but for sheer enjoyment, there's no better primer on the master's methods.
GOOD A diverting adventure, but in truth, a little precious... Not my favorite of Hitch's later films.
GOOD Pure genius.
GOOD All time classic. Great chase movie, great set pieces, only the effects show the film's age.
GOOD ... a colorful and exciting route for spies, counterspies and lovers.
GOOD Fantastic Hitchcock Thriller with the always charismatic Cary Grant.
GOOD Big, glossy, Hitchcock entertainment.
GOOD The template for every action movie made in the last forty years.
FAIR Highly entertaining.
GOOD Expertly paced and filmed in vibrant colors, Hitchcock delivers wit, glamour and sophistication.
GOOD Though atypical of Hitchcock, this classic contains all the style, wit, and subdued sexuality, trademarks of cinema's best years.
GOOD A thriller so improbable that it becomes quite brilliant in evading even the most fantastic of audience guesses.
GOOD represents Hitchcock at the height of his cinematic talents
GOOD This isn't one of Hitchcock's deeper films, but it's certainly one of his most entertaining.
GOOD North By Northwest is still a classic, coming as it does during Hitchcock's most creative period, but it lacks that extra little taste to make it truly great.
GOOD Viewer friendly, refreshingly undated, and worth as many repeat viewings as one can stomach.
GOOD ...quintessential...Hitchcock at his most playful, Cary Grant at his most debonair.
FAIR ...because the characters are so likable and their plan for breaking into the safe is genuinely interesting, it's easy enough to overlook the few dull spots.
GOOD a non-too-subtle satire on ... the crime genre, with especially good pokes at Jules Dassin's heist masterpiece Rififi
FAIR It's not really a scary movie, no matter how you slice it, but this remake offers plenty of the stuff promised in the title, in addition to a divertingly circuitous "whodunnit" aspect that works a bit better than one would expect.
GOOD Sex, death, blood, and drugs, baby ... A wonderfully sleazy experience!
GOOD An atypical Hitchcock film which depends on the element of surprise rather than his usual building of suspense.
GOOD The Master Hitchcock directs an early masterpiece.
GOOD Early Hitchcock talkie still holds the interest
GOOD Essential viewing for the noir fan and the kind of movie that could make a neutral third party into a noir fan in the first place.
GOOD Out Of The Past is undeniably a film noir, and rightly regarded as one of the genre's best.
GOOD 'Maybe we thought the world would end,' Mitchum muses, during a short-lived spell of happiness in Mexico. 'Maybe we thought it was a dream.' A dream? In his trench coat and fedora, he's clearly not a man destined to die quietly in his bed.
GOOD Few films noir were better than this.
GOOD Out of the Past should be considered a prototypical example of how to do noir the right way--shadowy corners, double crossings aplenty, a luscious femme fatale, and, of course, murders.
GOOD An irresistible blend of postwar fatalism, hard-boiled dialogue, dangerous sex and luscious black-and-whites ... the slouching, sleepy-eyed Mitchum is arguably the consummate noir hero.
GOOD One of the greatest of all film noirs.
GOOD Mitchum's sad-eyed countenance is perfect for the world-weary, dead-eyed defeatist he plays.
GOOD Jacques Tourneur directed one of the all-time greatest film noirs with Out of the Past, which also gave Robert Mitchum one of his two greatest roles.
FAIR A little too brooding and stylish for its own good, if you ask me.
GOOD Film noir at its darkest
GOOD Top-notch noir
GOOD Cinematic perfection, a Hollywood classic that's as great and as enjoyable as its reputation has promised.
GOOD This quintessential film noir catapulted contract player Robert Mitchum into superstardom and set the standard for the genre for years to come.
FAIR This low-key supernatural thriller, illogical as it is, offers a brief respite from the gruelling Saws and Hostels of the world.
FAIR Too polished to be truly creepy, The Return has more than enough atmosphere to keep you watching - but nowhere near enough mystery.
BAD a low point in the on-going battle to scare U.S. teens from their allowances
BAD Austerely directed but shamelessly dry, uneventful and derivative.
BAD [The Return] isn't creepy enough to really work properly and there's an over-reliance on sudden soundtrack noises in place of actual scares.
BAD It proves what many people have been suspecting for a while now: SMG is a scream queen for audiences who don't like horror movies.
BAD She gulps a hell of a lot, her cardigan sleeves are pulled down over her hands and her forehead's slightly furrowed (not too much, mind, it could make her look old). It can only mean one thing: Sarah Michelle Gellar is acting.
BAD A large step backwards for a promising director and far from the return we'd been hoping for.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD ...merely a good ending in search of a proper build-up.
FAIR As a superb example of a filmmaker more than making the most of his material, it's a fascinating experience, even though that material is wanting.
BAD "The Return" is a slow-going ghost story that takes a long time to say "Boo!"
BAD A film so formless and pointless that you may find yourself wondering who the target audience was supposed to be.
FAIR Driven by imagery rather than dialogue, rising tension rather than action, The Return depends on the actress' ability to convey plot development through subtle changes in expression rather than the kick-boxing moves for which she's become known.
BAD As B-level suspensers go, though, The Return isn't actively awful -- just slow and cursed with a lead who acts with her T-shirt.
BAD The Return universally fails to establish any sense of reality, which makes it hard to register when Joanna's world starts falling apart.
BAD The horror movie workhorse Sarah Michelle Gellar is back to chill us with The Return, a rote thriller with an intriguingly frenetic shooting style.
BAD Gellar, who isn't bad with comedy, can't do drama, even in the chocolate-colored hair she wears this time.
BAD Since Adam Sussman's script is as lazy as Asif Kapadia's direction is disjointed, nothing ever makes sense, even after the anticlimatic explanation is revealed. Not even Gellar can work up any interest in Joanna's fate.
BAD The Return isn't the worst movie of the year -- or even in the top 10. But it's hard to imagine anyone seeing this movie and thinking they got their money's worth.
BAD Many elements of The Return are quite sophisticated as past and present converge and Joanna's pursuer catches her scent. It's too bad that the plot takes us into irrationality, past the point of no return.
BAD Gellar's thousand-yard stare and somnambulant screen presence have become a serious drag.
BAD Director Asif Kapadia has a penchant for overused neo-horror film conventions (he's in love with harshly lit dream sequences that look like the video scenes in The Ring).
BAD Sarah Michelle Gellar may have ditched the Grudge franchise, but her predilection for illogical horror continues with The Return.
BAD Asif Kapadia's The Return is a visually sumptuous but emotionally stillborn thriller that may be a bit too modest for its own good.
BAD Hopelessly convoluted and vague.
BAD Sarah Michelle Gellar battled countless monsters as Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Her biggest challenge in The Return is to keep from yawning.
BAD Although it's being advertised as a horror movie, The Return actually invents a new genre: the bore-or movie.
BAD The Return doesn't have enough scares to be a good thriller, and it doesn't have the depth to work on an arty level. This isn't a bad movie; it's just painfully thin.
BAD It's just a slow slog to a payoff that isn't worth the effort.
FAIR A simple ghost story that is, for all its faults, elegantly told, and compellingly acted.
FAIR Shrew's Nest is a slow, slow burn, but once the fireworks ignite, they explode in a spectacularly bloody spectacle that showcases Macarena Gomez's dementedly enjoyable performance.
FAIR Comes complete with a darkly comic undertone which makes for such enjoyable and unashamedly entertaining cinema.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding little horror flick.
BAD I'm not surprised that in my youth I thought Shallow Grave was a pretty cool movie. What surprises me now is that the adults at the time gave this ridiculous movie a pass.
GOOD "Shallow Grave" is a story that goes from bad to worse to nasty during its duration. The performances are solid as you can never get a clear read on anyone's motives right until it's about to be revealed. One of the most solid debuts anyone could ask for.
FAIR While it is not a great film, it is a good first film, amply demonstrating Boyle's catchy visual flair and rat-a-tat sense of tempo, as well as Hodge's ear for dialogue and intuitive sense of character dynamics
BAD At some point, ordinary human compassion must take up the slack. Boyle isn't a zippy enough director to make up for what's missing. No one is.
BAD Impressive cast fails to redeem rather overrated movie.
GOOD Nasty, mean-spirited, and heartless--perfect qualities for a thriller.
GOOD Horrific fun!
GOOD Regardless of how one feels about the film, there's no denying that it's absolutely brilliant as a cinematic calling card.
GOOD Smart and twisted with a nice ensemble.
GOOD An excellent little thriller!
GOOD A savagely entertaining neo-film noir.
BAD A few good moments, but you never truly connect with the main characters.
BAD We end up with a Hitchcock-lite tale that has gratuitous violence a la Steven King or any slasher movie pasted on in place of a viable script.
GOOD From the get-go, this film begins to close its fingers around your neck and never lets go.
FAIR A reasonably enjoyable (for those captivated by this sort of thing) black comedy/noir thriller.
GOOD A tight little thriller, filled with exhilarating twists, that quickly establishes its artistic contract with the audience.
GOOD Grabs hold of you in the first few minutes and then refuses to let you go until the bitter, shocking end.
FAIR Gives ample evidence of Boyle's cinematic artistry.
BAD Since no reasonable person can remotely hope to identity with Juliet, David or Alex, the whole case drops through.
FAIR Eccleston's intense performance and a few nasty little twists make it a thriller that keeps you watching, guessing and squirming.
BAD Beauty and the Beast is one of the great, traditional love stories and this film simply feels devoid of any such romanticism, with no chemistry or spark between our protagonists of any kind.
GOOD A taut drama with great performances and a recipe for action and tension that modern-day thrillers could learn from.
GOOD But what if the mask of your neighbor tilts for a second and you catch a glimpse of the riot going on behind his face? What if you accidentally see the monster feasting on his prey? Now what if you're looking in the mirror?
BAD It ends up hackneyed, unnecessary, and cliched, improved only by the A-list acting talent and slickness of the production values.
GOOD Ugliness that must be taken seriously
GOOD Um assustador estudo sobre o animal interior do Homem que, mesmo moralista, conservador e misogino, impressiona por sua complexidade.
GOOD One of Sam Peckinpah's finest films, a relentless study in violence and machismo that is shocking, not only for its explicit gore, but for the degree to which it manipulates 'civilized' audiences.
GOOD Peckinpah's treatise on violence and masculinity is disturbing on a fundamental level... and equally difficult to forget.
GOOD A meaty uncompromising movie from the masterful Sam Peckinpah.
GOOD ...Hoffman delivers a stunning, unforgettable performance.
GOOD A glimpse into the hell of our secret selves.
GOOD Stunning study of human nature squeezed.
BAD The most offensive thing about the movie is its hypocrisy; it is totally committed to the pornography of violence, but lays on the moral outrage with a shovel.
GOOD Director Peckinpah effectively explores the levels of so-called 'manhood' and takes them to a ludicrous but ultimately exciting conclusion.
GOOD plays out with ferocious brilliance
GOOD Sam Peckinpah doesn't find anything to cheer about when his Man expresses his rage.
BAD Mr. Peckinpah has made some good films (Ride the High Country) and a couple of great films (The Wild Bunch, The Ballad of Cable Hogue) -- which may be why Straw Dogs is a special disappointment.
GOOD A great and troubling masterpiece, a film of such simultaneous depth and crudeness that it has elicited some of the most conflicting responses of his or any other filmmaker's career.
GOOD Straw Dogs serves as the director's blistering treatise on man's inherent animalistic impulses.
FAIR [Creates] a disturbing mood further fueled by the picture's underlying themes.
GOOD Nothing has dimmed its visceral impact. And likely nothing will.
FAIR A riveting character piece which will stir the soul upon completion.
FAIR Un relato sensible y sutil sobre la reconstruccion de un vinculo interrumpido traumaticamente. Mas que atendible debut en la direccion del escritor Philippe Claudel, con estupendas actuaciones de sus protagonistas femeninas.
FAIR The well-drawn, intriguing characters and vividly realistic situations make for an interesting story that holds your attention. The conversations are natural and succinct.
FAIR The last-act revelation leaves the audience off the hook in a way that's more common for a soothing Hollywood picture than this sort of challenging French import.
FAIR In the hands of Kristin Scott Thomas it becomes the story of one woman's struggle with the events of her life...
GOOD Remarkable directorial debut of French novelist Claudel.
FAIR Madeline Goes to Prison tops Madea Goes to Jail
GOOD Reminds us of how truly brilliant filmmaking needs none of the technology and bombast Hollywood has come to depend on.
FAIR Don't let the Harlequin Romance title fool you.
GOOD Claudel has made a very special kind of star vehicle -- the kind that's also a very good movie overall.
FAIR The movie's fascinating when it tracks Juliette's tentative, almost unwilling progress back into society.
FAIR The ending is a cop-out: It lets the audience off the hook while congratulating it for its empathy.
FAIR Thomas and Zylberstein are exceptional beyond the film itself, which demands deliberation and made me wish that it delivered a more memorable payoff for that patience.
GOOD The detail in I've Loved You So Long is incredible. There's a tightness of structure that makes no moment seem inessential.
FAIR This isn't a movie about big emotional breakthroughs, but about the slow thaw taking place in Juliette's heart, and writer-director Philippe Claudel and the actors do an excellent job in charting a series of small, telling steps forward.
GOOD 'I've Loved You So Long' feels convincing even when jolting developments occur.
FAIR A good movie with a great performance, I've Loved You So Long is about one rewrite away from perfection.
GOOD In a few moments the British actress, playing a haunted woman named Juliette, will begin speaking French, but in these moments her face reveals more than any dialogue.
GOOD In a profession that routinely casts aside leading ladies when they hit 40, it's a shame a great one had to take her act to France to remind us that actors, like wines, only improve with age.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long isn't a perfect movie, thanks to the wrinkle at the end but it is so good for so long that it begs forgiveness.
FAIR This is a drama about the role of forgiveness in daily life, made compelling by an actress with a flair for the ordinary.
FAIR Makes the most out of dead air and empty spaces.
BAD As much as Thomas transcends her typically reserved, austere presence, it's not quite enough to give the movie the emotional weight it so desperately reaches for.
GOOD Scott Thomas' spare movements and flinty expression reflect Juliette's will to hold in her emotions like a dam about to burst - and when it finally does, the results are heartbreaking.
FAIR [The cast] bails the film out when it gets itself into some particular tricky spots.
GOOD This film teaches the rewards of patience for directors, for actors and for audiences, too.
BAD I've Loved You So Long is very thin and artificial; characters behave erratically and illogically for no other reason than to serve the forward thrust of the plot.
GOOD Kristen Scott Thomas' performance is the backbone to an emotionally moving story about a woman searching for redemption within herself. Seek this out!
FAIR Kristen Scott Thomas delivers a powerhouse portrayal of a woman with a secret past in this downbeat yet rewarding French melodrama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, the movie pulls you in with its squarely realistic setting and subdued performances. Best of all is Thomas.
GOOD Claudel's Juliette is one of the year's great movie characters, and she has earned the right to keep some things just for herself.
FAIR Utterly absorbing.
FAIR Thomas gives it her all, uncorking every ounce of emotion she'd held in check, with Herculean restraint, over the better part of two hours.
GOOD I've Loved You So Long is about the repercussions of tragedy, the difficulty of being supportive, the need for patience in the face of despair. Without saying much, Scott Thomas carries the entire enterprise on her slender shoulders.
GOOD If Scott Thomas' performance, with her limpid, wounded eyes and her brittle, angular physique, is the movie's face, then Elsa Zylberstein's Lea is, in a sense, its mainspring.
GOOD Kristin Scott Thomas gives a performance that is so chilling, so braced in pain that it's almost impossible to bear. Almost impossible, because, in fact, it's impossible not to behold this riveting piece of role immersion.
FAIR Some of the jokes are definitely beneath the players here, but some land just right, creating a enjoyably demented journey.
FAIR Kids will like Mockingbird Lane well enough.
BAD Shutter, which attempts to do for cameras what The Ring did for videocassettes, what Pulse did for computers, and what The Grudge did for grudges.
BAD Avoid unless you've never seen a horror movie in your life or you just have very low standards.
BAD ...an absolutely redundant piece of work...
BAD ... the film feels like a made-for-TV movie.
BAD Shutter features another pale, scraggly haired young woman a la The Ring haunting our protagonists. Yawn.
BAD paramenei eksisoy, an ohi kai perissotero flyaro ap' tin pigi tis empneysis toy. Apo tin opoia krata episis to megethos ton logikon almaton, oksynontas ta opoy mporei gia na klepsei merikes eykoles fantezi tromares, eno kseperna to prototypo sto epipono t
BAD As pretty and bland as its lead actors.
BAD Yeah, this movie is a must avoid.
BAD Workmanlike at best; derivative, predictable and slightly dull at worst.
BAD Workmanlike at best; derivative, predictable and slightly dull at worst.
FAIR It's an effective scary story that depicts women with spirit - on both sides of the divide.
BAD SHUTTER should have been the scariest horror film since THE RING, but instead it was infuriatingly bad. This joins ONE MISSED CALL in the ranks of worst horror remakes of all-time and I highly recommend skipping this one for the original...
BAD The latest in the downward spiral of remakes
BAD Are more of these Asian remakes in the offering? I "Shutter" to think.
BAD What happens is the same as every other J-horror remake only less so, at least in part because it stars Rachael Taylor and Joshua Jackson instead of actual famous people.
BAD No one needs a telephoto lens to see what's coming in Shutter.
BAD Only the punning title distinguishes this one from...other entries in this exhausted genre.
BAD Really, what's the point? It's a business deal rather than a movie.
BAD Suffers from cumulative mediocrity. In other words, there's only so much recycled rubbish you can endure without wanting to take a hostage.
BAD Your soul will be intact after Shutter, but it will cost you 85 minutes.
FAIR With Shutter, that nerve-tingling soundtrack gets heavy use almost from the beginning of the movie. It becomes tiresome.
BAD At some point in Shutter you will probably lose count, along with your patience, but the film will keep right on going.
FAIR Though a presentation of 20th Century Fox, Shutter has the look and feel of a proper J-horror film.
BAD If Shutter is any indication, the reputation of professional photographers is still on the wane. Not only are photographs creepy, the film suggests, but so are photographers.
BAD Shutter is a ghost story free of logic and spirit, representative of everything that's wrong with so much of current mainstream studio fare.
BAD The main problem is that they spelled the title wrong. The first vowel should be an I.
BAD Asian horror remakes are typically not screened for critics, and Shutter is no exception. The studios know what they have: watered-down, lifeless shells of motion pictures devoid of characters, drama, or anything remotely resembling horror.
BAD The director, Masayuki Ochiai, conjures textbook J-horror miasma: clammy clinical interiors; overcast skies; diffuse cityscapes.
FAIR Ochiai directs with calm assurance -- no eyeball-rattling quick cuts here -- and Dawson's screenplay preserves most of the original script's strengths and fixes a couple of weaknesses.
BAD Its PG-13 rating and basic lack of gore seem designed to be uncontroversial, but of course the result of all this anti-controversy is a really dull film.
FAIR Personally, I prefer the Thai original, which is available on DVD. It truly gave me the creeps.
FAIR Wilson and Page are compelling and Slade demonstrates a slick stylistic flair, but the over over-the-top shock pandering renders the dark lesson convoluted and hard to swallow.
FAIR Slade and his actors keep the tension high, and the questions don't come to mind until after the credits roll.
GOOD ... [I]t's Page who really carries the picture, delivering screenwriter Brian Nelson's clever dialogue so convincingly, we actually become scared for the child predator that she's tormenting.
GOOD a great suspence thriller in the likes of misery
BAD It's the kind of indie film that makes its mark by a controversial theme, an infamous scene, and dines out on its film-festival buzz.
GOOD Thoroughly confounding the 'normal' relationship between abuser and victim, first-time director Slade presents a complex morality tale under the guise of an exploitation thriller.
FAIR The film's strength is in the way it continually sustains suspense, particularly in the use of sound effects. Very little is shown, but much is heard.
GOOD A cracking little thriller which makes you think even as it's keeping you on the edge of your seat. It's not always easy viewing, but Hard Candy is an intelligent, challenging film which deserves to be seen.
FAIR Strong one-on-one acting elevates this table-turning horror show.
BAD You can sense that it wants to be talked about more than it wants to actually say anything
FAIR Hard-hitting independent thriller about child molestation and vigilante justice.
GOOD A film that will have you both squirming in your seat and teetering on the edge of it.
GOOD Smart, challenging and timely look at the world of internet grooming.
FAIR [Hard Candy is] a stylishly directed thriller that's worth seeing for its intense performances, but there are too few surprises and the end result is disappointing.
GOOD She's a tease with a whiff of fascist certainty in her summary judgments. It might be interesting to read what some post-feminists make of such a sleek action character.
GOOD This is one particularly edgy and disturbing little film, and it will no doubt have people talking by the end of the year -- if not for its taboo subject matter, then for the brilliant performance by its Lolitaesque star, Ellen Page.
GOOD Ellen Page comes off as a pint-sized Cillian Murphy with the vocabulary of Veronica Mars pushed through a Canandian sieve.
GOOD As an exercise in grueling psychological suspense, the movie is -- literally -- several 'cuts' above the rest.
GOOD The acting is also top-notch, as Patrick Wilson gives a desperate turn despite being tied up for much of the time, while Ellen Page steals the show with a grueling, star-making performance.
GOOD Hard Candy is both as ambiguous, and as obvious, a movie as you're likely to find in mainstream American cinema.
FAIR It's not the surprise that keeps us gripped; it's the deeply creepy writing and amazingly raw performances that do it.
BAD It takes creepy, spooky, and altogether ooky to a hideous new level.
FAIR A daring two-character drama that goes sour in its last half-hour ... In this Misery with a teen twist, Ellen Page delivers a mint performance far beyond her years.
FAIR ...a twisted battle of the sexes, featuring both seriously insightful subject matter and enough vicious put-downs to make Peg and Al Bundy blush.
GOOD Amazingly uncomfortable and only occasionally implausible. It's guaranteed to spark a reaction and a conversation.
BAD A calculated provocation with pretensions to public service value (think of the infamous 'molester' episode of 'Diff'rent Strokes').
FAIR It's well worth seeing, because it is well made -- apart from a few gaps in logic -- and well acted.
FAIR ... a film that gives you something to think about, raising questions that linger long after the theater lights have brightened.
BAD Hard Candy is an exploitation film, with very little happening but a guy getting tortured for about 75 minutes of screen time.
GOOD The aptly named Hard Candy is a challenging, flawed but strangely engrossing film.
BAD ... icky, incoherent thriller ...
FAIR It's cinematic S&M, a bondage-control game masquerading as a thriller.
FAIR Refusing to settle down to focus on its intriguing central story, filmmaker Greg Francis whirls around through a series of whizzy flashbacks that layer in all kinds of subtext and interest.
BAD Solid cast tripped up by a too-simple but overly tricky story
FAIR Goes from comedy to horror to suspense. The visual story telling is tricky and the writing is even more so.
BAD The majority of it runs at the speed of the last five minutes of a Christopher Nolan film, when entire story beats are compressed into a shot or a line.
FAIR Poker Night is a "wild card" watch, but Greg Francis flashes a winning hand by making a memorable monster out of Michael Eklund.
FAIR Serbian cinematographer Vladimir Subotic's photography transforms New York's outlying neighborhoods and anonymous streets into a weather-beaten dreamscape suffused with mystery, danger and the hope of heaven.
FAIR The story unfolds in nonlinear fashion, with the same events being shown several times, from different perspectives. The concept works especially well with the murder spree that sets up the movie.
FAIR Cool, mysterious and defiantly foreign, the mournful thriller Love plays out on the immigrant fringes of an indifferent New York City.
FAIR an enjoyably stylish entry in the French crime film tradition, but a decidedly minor one
FAIR Delon's inscrutable presence adds to an unnerving atmosphere of anticipation. You feel that something bad could come crashing into the frame at any second. And you would be right.
GOOD A major work from a highly influential director -- Walter Hill and John Woo have both taken a lesson or two -- yet one whose films have been, until now, inexplicably neglected in the U.S.
GOOD Achieves an atmosphere of mesmerizing, otherworldly beauty and grace.
GOOD Making films this good wasn't a principle for Melville, it was a habit.
GOOD [Melville's] style remains haunting and elegantly spare, just right for the kind of hit man who lives in silence, in bare and colorless surroundings, with a lonely caged bird.
GOOD Even if its influence on contemporary filmmakers weren't so striking and acknowledged, Le Samourai would stand well enough on its own merits, strongly suggesting that some of the greatest films of the future may well come from the past.
GOOD One of the better examples of genre cinema.
FAIR Le samourai expresses a kind of loneliness to be sure, but it's that of a teenage male dreaming about Hollywood movies and their accoutrements -- penthouse apartments, acerbic cops, melancholy city streets, smoky card games, fancy jazz nightclubs.
GOOD One of the pleasures of Le Samourai is to realize how complicated the plot has grown, in its flat, deadpan way.
GOOD Fedoras and trench coats. Film noir in cool blues and greens. Frenchman Jean-Pierre Melville's 1967 film Le Samourai is the real deal.
GOOD Alain Delon, who was attacked by some narrow-minded reviewers in his day for being stiff, is perfectly cast here, displaying a cool, calm demeanor at first, then an equally calm desperation as the chase gets more intense.
FAIR To each his own. Filmmakers as diverse as Quentin Tarantino and Paul Schrader were influenced by Melville, and Hong Kong action director John Woo calls the film 'the closest to a perfect movie that I have ever seen.'
GOOD It combines stylish direction, an intelligent script, first-rate performances, and overpowering atmosphere into one of the most tense and absorbing thrillers ever to reach the screen.
FAIR Whether you consider it a smart thriller or a paint-by-numbers spy caper, The Bourne Identity is a dynamic interpretation of Robert Ludlum's bestselling novel.
GOOD Violent but thrilling first of the Bourne action trilogy.
GOOD A suspenseful thriller that showcases stunning visuals, great acting and a story that will keep you entertained from start to finish.
GOOD This is a long sweet breath of fresh air in the action genre...
GOOD Farfetched plotting nearly capsizes this globe-trotting thriller but director Doug Liman certainly keeps the international intrigue and testosterone flowing at an entertaining clip.
FAIR The movie is about muscular speed and skill, and that's all it's about. Like its hero, it's blank by design.
GOOD For once, a sequel would be welcome.
GOOD Plenty of very cool fight scenes, edited such that although they are fast-paced, you can actually see what's happening.
BAD One of the many problems, other than Damon's lack of emotion, is the fact that there's no suspense.
GOOD Liman can uncork leap-out-of-your-seat shocks, draw out suspense scenes with malicious finesse and even ease a touch of romance and droll humor into the yarn.
FAIR All the style cannot make up for the flagging energy level of the narrative.
FAIR ... With its script problems, it's probably better than it should be ...
BAD Typical light summer fare.
GOOD As cenas de acao sao otimas e ha boa quimica entre Damon e Potente. O roteiro tambem e instigante, embora nao totalmente satisfatorio.
FAIR It's a really safe bet that Damon will be Bourne again.
GOOD The Bourne Identity is about as effective a thriller as you could want, especially if you don't want to think too hard.
FAIR Fast, thrilling and everything that James Bond no longer is.
FAIR 'A new action hero is Bourne.' As incredibly cheesy and precious that advertising tag line for The Bourne Identity is, there's no discounting the truth it does hold.
GOOD Matt Damon's an amnesiac secret agent on the run in this immensely satisfying and engagingly direct thriller.
GOOD Buen thriller de espias con una gran cantidad de accion, pero desgraciadamente con otra buena de dosis de huecos en el guion.
GOOD In short, The Bourne Identity is an excellent thriller and is well-worth checking out.
FAIR The movie may not be realistic, but it earns its stripes as high-class escapist fare.
BAD The Bourne Identity is a blockbuster without a point... Despite its good-looking veneer, its breakneck pace, its daisy-chain of expert set-pieces, some crucial logic or motive appears to have been junked along the way.
FAIR ...a passable effort that receives plenty of mileage out of Damon's expectedly engaging performance...
FAIR A fast-paced, unpredictable and edgy yarn that breathes new life into the espionage thriller genre.
FAIR The Bourne Identity is no mere summer amusement park ride. It's as gray as Go was colorful and a cool contrast to its source material.
FAIR Twists and turns keep the story increasingly complex and gripping, even if director Liman doesn't really pump up the adrenaline.
GOOD A thoughtful and harrowing drama about the lengths people will go to survive - and the changes of heart that one person undergoes to help them.
FAIR Films like this are musicals for people who enjoy gunfire and Mel Gibson being shouty. They're that satisfyingly heightened version of reality no one actually gets to experience.
GOOD Adapted from the landmark BBC mini-series by original director Martin Campbell, Edge of Darkness is a polished piece of political suspense masquerading as a crime drama and pulling off both rather successfully.
BAD The attempt at grittiness comes off soft.
BAD Monahan mistakes rambling exposition for captivating back-and-forth and Campbell doesn't help any by making the film as drab and turgidly paced as possible.
FAIR Mel Gibson returns with one of his finest performances in the gripping yet patchy thriller, Edge of Darkness.
GOOD Gibson brings his full tormented game: whatever's wrong with the movie, it isn't him.
FAIR The whole fails to really satisfy as either an action or mystery thriller.
FAIR As expertly headlined by Mel Gibson...Edge of Darkness makes a virtue of its fatalism, while ace mainstream director Martin Campbell compensates well for the script's shortcomings in the credibility department. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Standard rogue copseeks-revenge story is more entertaining than most thanks to Mel Gibson's seething (and likely self-referential) turn as police detective Thomas Craven, who'll stop at nothing to bring down the corporate meanies who did in his daughter.
GOOD For all his silly charm, undiminished by his off-screen controversies, Gibson is most fascinating when wrestling with his demons.
FAIR While it offers nothing particularly new or original, it does maintain one's interest and provides a welcome return to the screen of a fine actor.
FAIR With the lack of energy infused in the film, it's hard to get truly embroiled in the conspiracy but that doesn't mean Edge Of Darkness is a complete failure.
FAIR It's certainly a worthy attempt at resurrecting the genre, but with guys like Martin Campbell and William Monahan pulling the strings, Edge of Darkness should have been a whole lot better.
FAIR Edge of Darkness is at its core a story about a man grieving from an inconsolable loss. This doesn't ground just the film, it grounds Gibson's performance, which is among the best in his career. Possibly the best.
BAD All attempts at profundity are silenced by the deafening anger at the movie's core. And the deeper the film delves into its layered plot, the more ludicrous it becomes.
BAD Relativno pristojan akcijski triler koji ipak daje dobre razloge Hollywoodu da vi%u0161e ne skrnavi filmske i televizijske klasike
FAIR Though Ray Winstone does his best to elevate this story, in the end Edge of Darkness is a fairly basic Mel beats up the bad guys flick
FAIR The movie, directed by Martin Campbell, is solid entertainment, with a decent script and some choice dialogue.
BAD While the film is generally boring and by-the-numbers for the majority of its running time, it adds enough surprising twists to make itself worthwhile.
FAIR It doesn't exactly herald the return of Mel Gibson, movie star, but Mel Gibson, working actor %u2014 that title fits.
BAD ...a passable yet wholly underwhelming piece of work...
FAIR It's a Mel Gibson film. You take him as he comes, which is usually at full pelt.
BAD Edge of Darkness is a surprisingly well-done thriller. Unfortunately, after an hour and a half of substantial filmmaking, it collapses into a Lethal Weapon #6 climax. But the bulk of the film is worthy.
GOOD Even though Gibson gives a fine performance, this film succeeds because of Director Martin Campbell, who keeps the pace up and the tension rising.
BAD A Death Wish movie that's bamboozled itself into thinking it's somehow important.
FAIR Gibson does righteous anger better than just about any living actor, and Edge of Darkness thrives best when he's pushed to the limit
BAD A new genre is emerging in which aging A-list actors play fathers off on a rampage to rescue their daughters or avenge their deaths.
BAD What's really disturbing is the manner in which the violence is presented. It's not campy fun and it's not realistic for a reason...It wants you to cheer along: Enjoy the bloodlust!
BAD I hope the miniseries lives up to its reputation, because the film version is a dud, devoid of any tension, suspense or good storytelling.
BAD For the third act it loses all credibility and suspense by derailing into a messy and pulpy mash-up of Dr. No and Death Wish.
FAIR Solid, hard-hitting and tense, "Edge of Darkness" is a drama for grownups who enjoy thrillers.
FAIR This movie marks the return of "Mad Mel" and he is in rare form. He dominates the film by being believably bereaved and vengeful
FAIR An uneven, somewhat meandering thriller is given emotional pull by Mel Gibson's excellent comeback performance. The lethal weapon hasn't lost it.
BAD Scriptwriters William Monahan and Andrew Bovell have sadly sacrificed some of the original's cultural specificity and its slow-burn quality.
BAD Passable action thriller crafted solidly but unimaginatively, with a penchant for ridiculous tough-boy banter.
BAD This paranoid corporate political thriller is almost certain to disappoint anyone hoping for a repeat of the brooding suspense of the original.
FAIR One of Seagal's better actioners...entertaining
BAD Even Seagal's "best" movie is unwatchably bad.
BAD They certainly don't make them like this anymore.
BAD The film is sloppy and ill-formed, its tone lurching drunkenly from turgid soap opera to soft-core porn, descending at times to low camp.
FAIR I needed stronger and more balanced characters to really care what happened.
GOOD Whatever you think of Spike Lee, when he has the faith in his talent and material and is able to be political without the dogma, he's one of the best filmmakers to come out of America in the 1980's.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Spike Lee's most ambitious movie, is joltingly inspired at times. It's also offensively redundant and needs editing.
FAIR The cast sizzles.
GOOD An intelligent, compassionate, adult story told to thrilling, fearsome effect.
FAIR Both beguiling and confounding, an enigmatic blend of banality and brilliance that ultimately manages to overcome its myriad shortcomings through nothing but the sheer force of Lee's visionary direction.
FAIR The disappointment with Summer of Sam is not that it's exploitative; it's just difficult to figure out what it's supposed to be about.
BAD Everything that is good about Summer of Sam is also bad because Lee pushes every good impulse he has into overdrive.
BAD Lee is a powerful filmmaker who certainly knows how to have an impact on an audience, but those who survive his ministrations are likely to wonder if in this case the battle was worth the bruises.
FAIR Spike Lee's latest joint, like much of his recent work, is an epic exercise in tedium.
BAD Overstuffed!
BAD Summer of Sam scatters most of its force by straying far from the compelling, plenty-complex business at hand.
BAD Someone kick that soapbox out from under Spike already.
GOOD Spike Lee is a great director. He is one of the best when it comes to pulling great performances from a large cast, and when it comes to creating a real, palpable impression of a moment.
FAIR t's loud, long and interesting, yet it also feels cold and distant.
BAD Don't say you weren't warned.
BAD Lumbers like a Cadillac with a flat tire stuck in first gear.
FAIR Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
BAD J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
BAD Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
FAIR Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
FAIR Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
BAD Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
BAD Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
BAD I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
BAD Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
FAIR It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
FAIR ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
FAIR Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
FAIR Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
BAD Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
FAIR There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
FAIR ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
FAIR Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
FAIR Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
BAD Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
BAD A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
BAD Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
BAD Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
BAD Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
GOOD There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
FAIR Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
FAIR There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
BAD the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
BAD Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
BAD Jaws is looking a bit long in the tooth these days.
BAD Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a bright idea for a film relying on suspense and tension.
BAD This is the one where the big rubber shark gets to attack an aircraft, but that's far from being the only silly thing about this preposterous fourth entry in the series.
BAD Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't get enough shark action to make up for it.
BAD Savagely dull, though at least it is tremendously incompetent as well, and thus marginally amusing, especially when the shark is actually onscreen.
BAD Poorly directed by Joseph Sargent, who relies heavily on blood and fast editing to create tension since there certainly isn't any written into the script.
BAD A ludicrous and laughable sequel that desecrates the name of a fantastic original.
BAD it's... amazing!
BAD Spielberg should never have sold the sequel rights
BAD A franchise sinks in this sequel's endless sea of incompetence.
BAD Okay, I'm sold. It's the worst sequel ever made. Yes, even including Batman and Robin.
BAD Spielberg should have sued for 'breach of earth-shattering stupidity'.
BAD The only jaws to watch out for in this film are yours, hitting the floor.
BAD Significantly worse than the rest of the series, this film is one of the worst bell-flops in recent cinema.
BAD The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them. Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.
FAIR Casino Jack is a funny and enjoyable film with great performances.
BAD too little too late
FAIR [Hickenlooper] tried to make sense of it all, and then conjured "a Hollywood ending." The trouble is, the Hollywood/D.C. hustler Jack Abramoff never actually provided one.
GOOD Hickenlooper's approach to the subject plus a great performance by Kevin Spacey make Casino Jack an enjoyable comedy and thought provoking social commentary.
FAIR Rather flat, but for Spacey's performance alone this is a fine examination of the U.S. political system and its inherent problems.
BAD spatalaei dynameis sto na ypertonizei th mwrothta olwn toys anti na thn afhnei na milaei apo monh ths
FAIR Spacey and Hickenlooper take a sensitive, and possibly quite provocative subject and retell it in a way that is perhaps easier to reach for the not so politically inclined.
GOOD ...an odd and benighted film.
FAIR Excellent performances by Kevin Spacey and Barry Pepper in a movie that does measure up to its real-life story. And Jon Lovitz nearly steals the movie.
FAIR "Casino Jack" works as a political film, it works as Shakespearian tragedy, and it works on the level of just plain Kevin Spacey goofiness.
BAD Hollywood is getting obsessed with the growing financial porn genre, where white-collar criminals get fluffed by accounting firms and the slow-motion perp walk is the new money shot. They're exploitative, best watched alone, and let's admit it...hot.
FAIR Setting aside the question of the wisdom of treating the material as comedy, the bigger problem is that Casino Jack simply isn't very funny.
BAD The depiction of Abramoff as a rogue and rascal who becomes the fall guy in an assembly of hypocrites seems to be a whitewash at best.
BAD What distinguishes Casino Jack, one version of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's story, is that it's often incomprehensible. That, we hasten to add, is not a good thing.
FAIR The film has a complicated political story to tell, and its erratically suspenseful narrative often detracts from its central interest - what makes Abramoff tick.
BAD Casino Jack is really two movies: a convoluted tale about the exploits of disgraced Washington super-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, coupled with a zealous-if-misguided performance from Kevin Spacey in the title role.
BAD Doesn't quite take its satire far enough.
FAIR a darkly humorous, but uneven cautionary tale that takes too many easy potshots at Bush-era religious conservatives
FAIR Told largely in flashback, Norman Snider's screenplay zips between Abramoff's high-rolling past and his current situation, which will lead to a prison term for fraud and corruption.
BAD With any luck, this could have been something like "Charlie Wilson's War," but "Casino Jack" lacks the wit and elegance of that film.
BAD The film tries to encompass all of Abramoff's encyclopedic chicanery and chokes on the sheer volume.
BAD The film's biggest fault is that it tackles the whole sordid affair like a comedy ... Yet given the real-life tragedies instigated by Abramoff and his Republican buddies like Tom DeLay, Ralph Reed and George W. Bush, I doubt many people will be laughing.
BAD ... as a fact-based narrative it's a mess while as a character study it's shallow and unsatisfying. Even more fatally, as a comedy it's not particularly funny.
FAIR Spacey has fun doing Abramoff doing Al Pacino, President Ronald Reagan and Sylvester Stallone. But the typically strong Spacey isn't the only actor doing commanding work here.
BAD Casino Jack moves with such manic determination it all but reaches out from the screen and shakes you by the collar: "See, movies about lobbyists can be fun!"
FAIR "Casino Jack" is a portrait of a player - a man always dancing, always spinning.
BAD "Casino Jack" is glib, fast-paced entertainment that barely leaves a mark - which, given the subject, is just plain wrong.
BAD Casino Jack is all over the place: exaggerated comedy, cartoonish high jinks, then heavy-handed melodrama...
FAIR Spacey's bravura performance really sells the story.
BAD Casino Jack fails at its most critical mission: Laying out in clear detail exactly how and when Abramoff broke the law.
BAD Sometimes Casino Jack seems like a Keystone Lobbyist comedy; other times it's a slick character study. It's goofy and hit-or-miss.
BAD Though it's a showcase for Spacey, Casino Jack is a shallow, confused account of the political game at its worst -- also known as business as usual.
BAD Tackles the ultimate fall of Abramoff with an almost stunning lack of authenticity. Sees Jack the way Jack sees himself, not the way he actually is.
FAIR It is Spacey's performance that contains most of the movie's mystery; although Abramoff's actions left little room for justification, in Spacey's performance, there is some.
FAIR Entertaining, but needs more detail, background and storytelling.
FAIR ...it's time to put at least one nasty episode in comic perspective, to reflect on some of the ridiculous realities of American political life.
BAD An over indulgent and often confusing stab at film noir, The Black Dahlia leaves little to be desired as director Brian De Palma continues to prove that his best days are behind him.
BAD You've barely time to soak up one revelation before another one is dumped on you from a great height.
BAD Won't do much to dissuade the common rap against De Palma as a cold technician who takes projects just for the elaborate set pieces they provide him.
BAD With skeletons flying out of the closet at every turn, this overplotted mess unfolds more like a dumb, daytime soap opera than a well-crafted crime thriller.
BAD ... ends up being forgettable enough that someone else in the future may still be able to take another stab at the idea.
GOOD Filled with atmosphere and attitude to spare, "The Black Dahlia" is film noir at it's finest.
BAD De Palma ... does little more than retrace his steps ...
BAD De Palma's lamentable decision to reign in his wild directorial flourishes certainly doesn't do the film any favors...
FAIR After two hours of meandering, convoluted indulgences and loose ends, 'The Black Dahlia' reveals a kinder, gentler Brian De Palma. He should be a good guy to have around.
BAD An over cooked ham of a film, overstuffed with vampish performances and a narrative far too convoluted for its own good
FAIR The story is all over the place, leaving viewers with a complicated and disjointed picture that touches on interesting points without fleshing any of them out.
FAIR features amazing production design and a fascinating story at first, the film does eventually fall apart at the end.
BAD full review in Greek
FAIR Until it derails while heading into its final turn, The Black Dahlia represents Brian De Palma's most assured moviemaking in at least a decade.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is both a studious new entry to the genre and a schizophrenic parody of it.
BAD Forty-five minutes in, I was already glancing at my watch and wondering why the only lively actress in this film was playing the dead girl. Go figure.
FAIR Highly stylized and overburdened with plot yet always engaging.
FAIR The movie, like the case, has some loose ends and some compelling moments.
BAD A slick but empty period noir. De Palma can do better than this.
FAIR ... Hillary Swank gives a Lauren Bacall edge to her femme fatale ...
BAD the convoluted story never really takes hold, and eventually it all dissolves into low camp and unintentional self-parody.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is not a black mark on the talent track record of anyone involved. Yet with such a potentially powerful story, it should have been something very special.
FAIR Gorgeously realised, gripping and doused in De Palma's familiar technical wizardry.
FAIR It only works in fits and starts and the grand climax is too Rocky Horror to be true, yet the heady redolence of a bygone era still proves seductive.
GOOD Brian De Palma's inventive filmmaking style turns this adaptation of the complex James Ellroy novel into a feast for the eyes, even if it's tough work keeping up with the story.
FAIR The Black Dahlia is no L.A Confidential but it's still an engagingly stylish detective thriller with strong performances.
BAD Dead on arrival.
BAD Almost every decision that was taken here seems to have been the wrong one, from the casting of the callow, pleasant-looking Josh Hartnett as the sexually repressed cop hero, to the mellow sepia tones overlaying night-time Los Angeles.
BAD The Black Dahlia, sadly, is a whale of a groaner.
BAD This is far from one of the director's better efforts and should be avoided by all those who are not sworn De Palma boosters.
GOOD Reaffirms De Palma's status as American cinema's cruelest social satirist...
GOOD Endlessly imitated but never rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
GOOD What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
GOOD Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
GOOD First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
GOOD Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
GOOD It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
GOOD So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced.
GOOD Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
GOOD One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
GOOD Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
GOOD ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
GOOD The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
GOOD classic
GOOD Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
GOOD What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film. It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
GOOD Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not just a favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
GOOD I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
GOOD Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
GOOD Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
GOOD a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
GOOD It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels.
GOOD [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
GOOD George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
GOOD A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
GOOD A classic American tale!
GOOD Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
BAD The serial killer is nothing but a Freddy Kreuger clone with a hint of "Mindbender" and "Lawnmower Man" for good measure, while Reid doesn't do much to escalate the tedious writing...
BAD To her credit, Tara Reid does pronounce this one correctly.
GOOD Straightforward old school mental anguish combined with all the moodiness the Irish Sea can muster, a thoroughly professional crime thriller from start to finish.
GOOD At times, "Blood," feels like a slightly-filled-out television police procedural with better cinematography, but the performances have an almost Shakespearean grandeur.
BAD While the performances are strong, especially from Graham and Strong, this cop drama is saddled with derivative plot points that maybe it would have been best if the writer added more complexity to avoid predictability.
BAD The landscape cinematography is often eye-pleasing, but the script is labored, filled with cliches and never allows for character development.
BAD Despite excellent performances throughout, Blood's forced plot and incomplete story causes it to fall far short of its potential.
BAD Suffers from a crippling lack of back story and characters whose relationships are fraught with unexplained complexity.
FAIR "Blood" unfolds along familiar lines, but it works.
BAD Bettany excels at portraying internal conflict in a movie that proves even well-acted suffering can reach a point of diminishing returns.
FAIR While hardly reinventing the wheel, "Blood" works best as a tone poem, with unspoken passages detailing a hard life.
FAIR Blood is just good enough to make me wish it was better. While occasionally effective, it is ultimately hindered by some incomplete storytelling.
BAD "Blood" feels perfunctory, needing something besides fussy plotting to jolt it to life.
BAD Themes of family ties, obsession, and morality, so dramatically realized in Conviction, are gracelessly and shapelessly strewn together here.
FAIR That he [Nick Murphy] can't sustain the level of dramatic tension that Bill Gallagher's script requires (the movie is adapted from the BBC veteran's TV series Conviction) is a bummer, though you still get to bask in wonderful performances.
FAIR All four of the main performances are so strong that they deserve more space to develop and intertwine.
BAD It's clunky stuff, full of dreary dialogue that Bettany, Graham and Mark Strong ... do their best to transcend, but without much success.
BAD An intriguing tale of machismo and crazy, mixed-up morality, but it's hard to escape the feeling that it was perhaps better suited to the small screen.
FAIR Finely detailed acting and stylish direction are somewhat undermined by a script that can't resist overstating its moral themes.
FAIR Blood doesn't always ring true but there is enough meat in the story and merit in the cast to make it worth watching.
BAD This police procedural about a pair of bent coppers goes by the book.
BAD The film's family-saga pretensions and bombastically overdone characterisation keep hobbling its better elements.
FAIR "A brusque and intriguing thriller that plants itself firmly in the moral grey area, but it's let down by clunky scripting and an apparent allergy to subtlety."
FAIR There's a lot of depth in this stylish thriller, although director Murphy and writer Gallagher overstate the moral themes.
FAIR A well made, atmospheric British thriller with terrific performances from a superb cast, though it's a little undermined by some casting issues and the script falters towards the end.
BAD You'll most likely be waiting for it end rather than anticipating the next juicy twist.
BAD [Its] petty misdemeanours wouldn't count so much against a better film, but with this film's prior convictions, it's hard not to hold it in contempt.
FAIR It's a crisp, cold little thriller with a real sense of the noose tightening around otherwise unremarkable lives.
BAD A portentous, sub-BBC production in which no corrupt cop trope is left unturned.
BAD Another violent and unnecessary sequel.
BAD Not bad enough to be good.
BAD Aggressively dull and downright unwatchable...
BAD I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer is entirely worthy of the dismissive derision that you felt when you first read the title.
GOOD By the time you get to the giant glittering silver shoe floating in the river, you'll know whether The Passion of Darkly Noon is your kind of insanity.
BAD Has all the technical ingredients of a great (and even important) film, but sideswipes them in order to leave the audience feeling like that they have been abandoned in the wilderness of extreme cruelty.
GOOD Director Gary Ross does a great job in bringing the thrilling novel to life in this uncompromising drama.
GOOD The filmmakers' devotion to Collins' page-turner will please the book's fans and anyone who likes action, sci-fi, social commentary or a female protagonist with smarts, compassion and survival skills.
FAIR An exhilarating debut from the bestselling series about teenagers engaged in a deadly bloodsport.
GOOD Given the recent failure of so many big-budget films, the odds weren't in The Hunger Games favor, either. Thankfully, Hollywood got this one right.
GOOD The supporting cast is excellent (most notably Stanley Tucci as flamboyant television host Caesar Flickerman, and Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy, Katniss and Peeta's troubled mentor).
GOOD Some plot threads are underserved but The Hunger Games is a fascinating and disturbing character drama that successfully captures the core themes of the book.
FAIR Sure this entry is a ripoff of "Battle Royale," but it's still an entertaining ride with great casting that will more than likely please fans of the book and those who've never even heard of it.
GOOD Despite a few minor problems, The Hunger Games proves to be a promising start to what will no doubt become the next beloved Hollywood mega-series.
FAIR While the 12A rating renders any serious violence a tad impotent, there is much more going on here than the fawning and frowning of its soppy vampire peer.
FAIR I never thought I'd describe a film by Pleasantville and Seabiscuit director Gary Ross as 'whackadoodle,' but if the shoe fits.
GOOD The Hunger Games may be a flawed beast, to be sure, but there's plenty of subtext to glean from the narrative, and a slew of wonderfully rich characters worth investing in.
GOOD The first genuine can't miss film of the year that you'll want to go back to the theater to see over and over again.
BAD Katniss embodies all that's better than her Hunger Games opponents, being aptly appalled at what she sees while also learning to manipulate her audience.
GOOD The Hunger Games stomps the Twilight saga flat, and though I found those films somewhat amusing, this one is the real deal...
GOOD A blockbuster that has something to say about the world we could be living in. Unlike Twilight, this film actually has a deeper and more important philosophical meaning.
GOOD The phenomenal cast with great chemistry and sincere authentic performances from the older actors empowers the material.
GOOD Here's the movie for which millions of fans have been starving.
FAIR Whatever rough patches and shortcomings this first film has, that by the end I was indeed interested in seeing what happens next speaks to how Ross got it mostly right.
BAD If you've never read Collins' novels, the odds that you'll enjoy the film are not in your favor.
GOOD This movie rules.
GOOD If the setup behind 'The Hunger Games' upsets you, that's a good thing.
FAIR Lawrence is a strong role model for young girls with her character's sacrifice, courage, moral grounding in a world that's lost its own, and will to fight for what's right, even if it means sacrificing her own life or sparking a revolution.
FAIR I didn't read the book. While the film is entertaining enough, I never felt drawn in to this new world.
FAIR An entertaining adventure, but while director Gary Ross gets terrific performances from Tucci, Banks, Harrelson, and Lawrence, he drags it out far longer than the story requires.
FAIR Lawrence is terrific in the lead role and gives us someone to root for to survive this horrible ordeal. The supporting players carve out memorable characters. The musical score, costumes and makeup are the other strengths.
FAIR I found the sardonic satire of the movie's first half in the Capitol (a city that suggests a meeting of L. Frank Baum and Albert Speer) more intriguing than the insufficiently suspenseful depiction of the Hunger Games competition itself...
FAIR Solid enough, but for a non-fan fairly unremarkable.
BAD A cheap looking, drab film.
FAIR The battle that informs this adaptation is between the filmmakers' intent to create a moneymaking franchise... and the efforts of star Jennifer Lawrence to create a compelling movie.
GOOD It has the slightly grubby, cobbled-together look of a futuristic flick from the '70s, but that is part of its charm.
FAIR Jennifer Lawrence brings to the pulpy material a sense of weight and gravity that few young actresses could muster; she has a flinty strength that enhances, rather than belies, her soft features, and it makes Katniss a completely believable protagonist.
FAIR The movie on its own terms is an entirely likable thriller, if a bit light on intelligence and personality.
GOOD This tension-filled action-adventure delivers a pulse-pounding, pop culture message of female empowerment.
GOOD Joon-ho Bong lets viewers fall into the cops' frustrations, but these detectives are dogged, not downtrodden. "Memories" shows their lives, however tortured, outside the case - like "Heat" without antagonistic rivalries or a more political "Zodiac."
GOOD Utiliza seu misterio (real) envolvendo o primeiro serial killer sul-coreano para fazer um forte comentario politico e, no processo, cria uma narrativa tensa (mas tambem divertida) povoada de personagens tragicamente ineptos.
GOOD ...merits mention alongside Silence of the Lambs and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer...offers an incisive analysis of the culture that produced the crime.
GOOD Low-key, unassuming, and crafty in the way it slowly gets under your skin, Memories of Murder is a sly and smart thriller.
FAIR Bong not only has an eye for beauty there are some gorgeous shots of the country's farmland but for the absurd.
FAIR The foregone conclusion only adds an extra layer of fatalism to this tale of ineffectual authority and abusive power.
GOOD Memories of Murder is such a taut, effective thriller it's a shame you have to read subtitles to gauge just how good a movie it is.
FAIR straightforward, with minimal flourish
GOOD Suspenseful, surprising, and psychologically rich.
GOOD An almost perversely conceived hybrid -- noirish thriller, social satire and virtual Korean Keystone Komedy with a dash of political attitude.
FAIR For a film about women getting brutally attacked and dispatched, the movie has no sense of urgency or underlying dread.
FAIR Achieves an unlikely but ultimately successful blend of blunt-force comedy and desperate investigation.
GOOD What's most remarkable about it is the way Bong builds real suspense and plays the chilling moments straight while leaving himself room for nonsense and horseplay.
GOOD These are no gritty 'Dirty Harry' cops, nor are they kooky Keystone Kops. You know what they are? They're Columbo - if Columbo were the schlemiel he always pretends to be.
GOOD Manages to transcend the popular and cliched genre by focusing on the emotional toll dealing with such crimes has on the detectives.
GOOD A refreshingly mature thriller that succeeds in its ambitious attempt to blend quips and killings.
FAIR Uneven movie has tonal problems.
BAD Memories of Murder offers a ruminative and affecting approach to a genre not known for its emotional content.
BAD Backcountry may zig instead of zag from its facile setup, but even the payoff doesn't stand out.
FAIR These types of creature-feature horror movies are a dime a dozen, but writer-director Adam MacDonald proves there's life left in the genre with his tense and terrifying thriller.
BAD Monotonous and foreseeable with spastic choreography, Backcountry is horrific for all of the wrong reasons.
FAIR The alone-in-the-wilderness survival number gets a serious kick in the hindquarters ... MacDonald harvests gooseflesh the old-fashioned way, by suggesting much, showing little.
FAIR Apparently inspired by a true story that the movie made me very much not want to look up, which I suppose may be taken by some to be a token of its effectiveness.
FAIR Just when you thought it was safe to stand up to a bear in the woods, this jarring indie horror drama will make you scurry back indoors.
FAIR This isn't about the bear. [It's] about two people who get in way over their heads in thinking they know nature and each other...
FAIR Concocted with ace precision, worthy of a spectacle of well-earned winces and gasps.
FAIR MacDonald elevates Backcountry by couching what turns out to be a keenly observed relationship drama inside a horror flick.
GOOD Almost traumatically intense. The film continually cranks up the danger, creating a scenario that becomes more and more harrowing with every passing minute. A superb chiller.
FAIR After a surprising development, the film grows slack and sentimental, reverting to the survival-movie platitude about hardship making you a better human.
GOOD Backcountry is a blood-soaked campfire treat that confidently hits on nature's unpredictable fury and features a brilliant turn by Missy Peregrym as a bruised, battered and beaten survivalist.
FAIR Entertainingly preposterous ...
FAIR The tension fizzles once the reasons for the gunman's motives become evident. A shame, as it's an intriguing conceit.
FAIR The concept of this real time thriller is, of course, extremely silly, but it keeps you entertained.
BAD It's a crazy if occasionally engaging mess.
FAIR Complete codswallop but not entirely awful.
FAIR Some inspired grace notes elevate a thriller that's more De Palma than Hitchcock.
FAIR The filmmaking virtuosity is admirable, but in the end it's more flat than sharp.
FAIR Nicely composed and played with an endearing sense of Hitchcockian humour, Grand Piano is well worth a tinkle.
FAIR If you're willing to suspend your disbelief, this is a taut and inventive exercise in style over substance.
FAIR More concept that complete movie, despite serious style from the director and the cast's considerable conviction. Sadly, there's no masking the plot's piano-sized holes.
GOOD An involving, Hitchcockian tale of a persecuted man fighting for redemption against the most unlikely of circumstances.
BAD At just 90 minutes, Grand Piano fades out right before it begins to overstay its welcome.
FAIR Grand Piano may be a bit silly at times, but the thrills it produces are enough to overcome its weaknesses.
BAD ...e como ficar num elevador estragado com um amigo bebado: embora ele possa ate te fazer rir em funcao da embriaguez, a experiencia perde a graca quando voce se da conta de que tera de passar os proximos 90 minutos preso ao seu lado.
FAIR Preposterous, but much anxious fun.
BAD "Grand Piano" is an ambitious effort that plays dumb.
GOOD Grand Piano should be taken with a winter's supply of road salt, but if you can get past the absurdity of it all you are in for a pretty good time.
FAIR An extended set piece in the classical sense, with tension that starts high and remains elevated throughout.
FAIR Thanks to a script that finds witty ways to make the seemingly impossible work, the otherwise unbelievable nature of this narrative manages to support the stylistic choices being employed.
GOOD While Grand Piano is not as good as Hitchcock's oeuvre [as some critics have said], it can at least be compared to some of the better suspense films of Brian De Palma. And that's nothing to sneeze at.
GOOD This sly thriller overcomes its silly setup with a blend of cinematic artistry and fine-tuned tension.
FAIR "Grand Piano" is a tidy and tension-filled exercise in terror that takes stage fright to literal extremes.
FAIR The timbre and tone is one of relentless suspense, and Wood's slight frame and intense gaze are perfectly suited to the role.
FAIR This thriller set in a concert hall is a stunt, but a damn good one. Maybe risk hasn't died yet in filmmaking.
BAD With nearly a dozen production companies and financiers presenting it, "Piano" is nothing more than a way for moneyed muckety-mucks to be part of the movie biz.
BAD The only way I can make sense of this movie is to imagine it was made on a dare: Someone bet Spanish director/composer Eugenio Mira he couldn't do "Speed," but with a piano instead of a bus - and the guy likes to prove people wrong.
GOOD Grand Piano teaches a valuable cinematic lesson: if you're going to go crazy, go spectacularly crazy... and be committed.
FAIR The tempo is swift though the timbre is hollow in this superficially engrossing thriller, which channels the go-for-broke spirit of Brian De Palma and Dario Argento without quite attaining the same senses-altering fervor.
FAIR Whatever liberties this takes with what REALLY happens in classical music concerts, this thriller's a corker.
FAIR Eugenio Mira thrills in watching his main character attempt to worm his way out of a most unusual hostage situation, synching his indulgences of style to the pianist's wily physical maneuvering.
FAIR [Grand Piano] keeps a frothing-at-the-mouth level of insane melodrama going for 75 minutes, aided by [Elijah] Wood's sweaty, terrified performance, a screenplay rich in ridiculous contrivances, and a swooping camera that never stands still.
GOOD The best movie that Alfred Hitchcock never made, Grand Piano is a wild ride that features several enjoyably silly twists and turns and a grandstanding central performance from Elijah Wood.
FAIR While not forgetting the cinematic value of a coven of naked witches dancing around a bonfire, Zombie shows that he has matured as a filmmaker.
GOOD Featuring some playfully deranged fantasy and flashback sequences to compliment what is overall sober, superior horror, this budding auteur of the macabre is hitting his groove.
BAD I saw The Lords of Salem....I didn't really like it!
BAD "The Lords of Salem" presents an even bigger mess than usual. As the film progresses, you get inklings of a plot here and there, but one never wholly materializes, making for an incoherent and extraordinarily dull affair.
FAIR Zombie loves taking his beloved spouse and turning her into a demonic witch-Madonna while The Velvet Underground drones "All Tomorrow's Parties." As horror it's not horrifying, but as a valentine to creepshow romance it's almost heartwarming
FAIR Rob Zombie has matured as a filmmaker, as witnessed by this well-structured horror shocker, which plays with both historical events and familiar movie imagery to keep us unnerved even if it's ultimately rather silly.
GOOD [Rob Zombie] makes good on the promise of being one of America's most distinctive horror directors to securely become one of its best.
BAD Despite being based on the fascinating events of the 1692 Salem witch trials, The Lords of Salem sadly fails to offer anything exciting, thanks to a weak script, lack of scares and dreadful sound quality.
BAD The Lords Of Salem starts as a magnificent slow-burn satanic thriller, but goes up in flames quicker than a witch in Salem after a horrendous third act.
BAD Zombie's moody shocker finds the part-time singer still floundering to find his voice as a filmmaker while offering clear-cut evidence that it takes more than a deep love of the horror genre to become a great horror director.
GOOD With its visual wonders and mindbending narrative, The Lords of Salem is unlike anything Rob Zombie has ever done before.
BAD It's a credit to Zombie's interest in growing as an artist that he's drawing from more mature inspirations here, but it's also part of why the movie doesn't work.
BAD It's all meant to be monstrous, unspeakable, blasphemous horror but it comes across more like a slightly dirty drawing, passed in seventh-grade religion class.
FAIR Movies by Rob Zombie, the goth rocker turned cult filmmaker, aren't for everybody. But he couldn't care less.
BAD It's brave, bold, ambitious..... and not very good.
BAD Dull and incompetent. And I'm not just talking about his wife.
BAD Overlook the abysmal acting, unattractive nudity, awful dialogue, laughable effects and diabolical direction, and there are a few memorable shocks and images.
FAIR It's a head trip, to be sure, but it's Zombie's electric, haunted head, so my advice is just sit back and goggle.
FAIR Where The Lords of Salem excels is in its depiction of art, even seemingly innocuous Production Code cinema, as a vessel for unexpected malevolence.
BAD Considerable care goes into establishing the premise, but the film eventually abandons psychological subtlety for hallucinatory garishness, which is too bad.
FAIR "The Lords of Salem" will make you feel bad. But it's supposed to.
BAD Rob Zombie, film scholar? I'm convinced. Rob Zombie, filmmaker? Mmmyeah, not so much.
FAIR Atmosphere is three-fourths of the game in a horror film, and "The Lords of Salem" has it in spades.
BAD A portrait of vengeful occult torment that pushes hard to redefine the meaning of "witch trials."
BAD Though admirable for moving away from director Rob Zombie's comfort zone by focusing on mood and atmosphere over jump scares and a body count, the viewer walks away feeling the one thing horror should never elicit: indifference.
BAD You get the idea that "The Lords of Salem" would be a lot scarier if you could tell what was going on.
FAIR Instead of retreating into his manic, hyper-allusive style of psychedelic, grindhouse-friendly pastiche, Zombie tested his considerable skills and made something different.
BAD So bad it's hilarious.
BAD Occasionally potent but mostly risible, this tale of the occult sees Rob Zombie cast a weak spell. Disappointing.
FAIR Even as a coven assembles, the movie forgets to scare.
BAD It's ambitious but, ultimately, a failure.
BAD Despite the grim, ghastly ghosts, it's a forgettable film.
BAD Out of the Dark proves that quality acting and a fresh setting can't revive a DOA yarn.
BAD Without compelling characters, worthwhile performances, or superficially arresting aesthetic pleasures, the only thing of interest in "Out of the Dark" is its thematic concern with suppressed third-world citizens.
BAD Julia Stiles and Scott Speedman sleepwalk through a thriller that never lets either of their talents materialize.
BAD Unfortunately, there aren't many thrills and the pace is so slow that I fell asleep from tedium waiting for something that resembled a goose bump.
FAIR An unusual setting gives this low-key horror some added interest, stirring a whiff of issue-based drama into the otherwise under-developed plot...
BAD A horror movie with an anti-globalist bent that's more interesting than its halfhearted scares.
BAD A solid ghost-story framework, a couple of decent frights -- no more.
GOOD Jonathan Demme's hypnotic adaptation of the Thomas Harris novel has a seriousness and intensity that's been entirely lacking in horror movies lately.
GOOD Hopkins' cumulative screen image is one of civility and decency, and the association adds to the withering, macabre effect of his murderer. It is a remarkably lucid portrait of lunacy.
GOOD Demme comes at Harris' material from another angle: His movie may deal with madness, but his perspective is mercifully sane.
BAD It's a gnarled, brutal, highly manipulative film that, at its center, seems morally indefensible.
GOOD Has any horror movie equalled it in the past 22 years? Perhaps. But if only one super-gory flick is ever considered worthy enough for the Academy's top prize, I'm fine with this being it.
GOOD This multi-Oscar-winning classic, adapted from Thomas Harris's bestseller, was responsible for giving cinematic serial killers a better image, thanks to Anthony Hopkins's enthralling portrayal of Hannibal Lecter.
BAD Foster's character, who is appealing, is dwarfed by the monsters she is after. I'd rather see her work on another case.
GOOD Thriller that made the serial killer a superstar.
GOOD The odd psychological interplay between the gutsy, but green, Starling and the deranged, yet fascinating, Lecter provides the basic tone for Jonathan Demme's well-made, insidious shocker.
GOOD Screenwriters and directors can turn to this classic film for a primer on how to create incredible tension and horror far in excess of what we actually see onscreen.
GOOD All of its most enduring aesthetic qualities and themes%u2014essentially what sets it apart from so many imitators and established it almost immediately as a canonical film%u2014are contained in its riveting first 20 minutes, which draw you in like a stee
GOOD It has maintained its reputation as a chilling drama after all these years...
GOOD Demme has the control of a born master of suspense.
GOOD This is a still wonderful example of classy storytelling and unforgettable characterisation.
GOOD A riveting, non-stop thriller of nerve-racking intensity.
GOOD Not since The Exorcist had a horror flick been this applauded! It was almost as if ... "horror" were its own legitimate genre!
GOOD If you disregard the homophobic elements, you'll enjoy Demme's terrific thriller with brilliant acting from Hopkins, who makes a likable hero out of Hannibal, and Jodie Foster, as the agent who becomes his reluctant partner and romantic interest
GOOD The film comes through with flying colors.
GOOD A first unmissable, then enduring, but always unmissable classic.
GOOD the best serial-killer movie, ever!
FAIR Foster follows up her Oscar-winning role in The Accused by playing a determined young woman with an unhappy past from West Virginia, and Hopkins is a sight: This guy is so scary he even hisses with style.
GOOD It's good, but it's not quite the classic it's touted as.
GOOD The film's principle attraction stems not from the thrill of the hunt, but from the spellbinding skull sessions between Jodie Foster's heroine and Anthony Hopkins's brilliant, menacing villain.
GOOD Brilliant, chilling and flawless. Hopkins delivers a villain for our times.
GOOD It stands in a glass cage and scoffs at you!
GOOD Terrifying and inescapable. A perfect meditation on the nature of fear and courage, featuring two of the greatest performances ever put on film.
GOOD Director Jonathan Demme keeps the film intense and haunting, and Jodie Foster compelling to watch.
GOOD [A] powerful, thought-provoking and surprisingly well-made film.
FAIR It's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going...
BAD Despite fine performances, Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message.
BAD After centuries of raping Africa for its resources, now we exploit its misery for our amusement.
BAD Blood Diamond is a movie zircon. It doesn't cut glass, but it cuts plot, character, and credibility. It could be Hotel Rwanda, but instead it's Motel Deep-Six.
FAIR Yes, Blood Diamond is preachy, but it's a sermon we need to hear.
FAIR Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.
BAD Rambo for liberals
GOOD Exciting and compelling, but even more than that, it's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou.
FAIR Zwick's vision outpaces his narrative.
GOOD DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie.
BAD Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article.
GOOD Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography.
FAIR The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou.
FAIR a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
FAIR A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels.
GOOD This is the thinking man's thriller. You want in-depth background? Google it.
FAIR Some will dismiss it as "typical Hollywood", yet that isn't always a bad thing. In so many movies, destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths. But survival is a truth, too, and this film pays it often stirring witness.
FAIR It's DiCaprio's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show.
FAIR While there's some serious sag between the action scenes, this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller.
FAIR In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa, it's the former that wins.
FAIR Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio cannot disguise what is, essentially, an effective, if shallow, exposition of a hugely complex global issue.
BAD The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston.
BAD So bleak and depressing you will never look at a gemstone again without idly wondering how many lives it might have cost.
FAIR Not robust enough to deliver on its early promise.
GOOD If you can ignore Zwick's colonial bombast, Blood Diamond is quite a ride: a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence.
FAIR Slightly too long and not quite as worthy as it thinks it is, this is still an entertaining, well acted thriller that manages to raise some important political issues in between the action sequences.
BAD It doesn't entirely evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of pure action by way of guns and planes, thrills and spills; but it hardly embraces the subject fully either.
FAIR Great performances, provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour.
GOOD in a storytelling strategy rare for [Zwick],we don't find ourselves laden with didactic demands, but, instead, swept up in an exciting narrative, free to process its moral equations on our own
GOOD ... Has a greater purpose, aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone.
GOOD Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror, character development and political activism to make "Blood Diamond" one of most important films to come along in a long time.
BAD Como film de accion y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos, pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de Africa suena frivola y demagogica.
FAIR Um filme bem intencionado que, alem de didatico, funciona como bom exemplar do genero "acao", embora se enfraqueca em funcao de equivocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados.
FAIR Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role.
BAD If ever there were a film that shouldn't end on a note of rhythmic clapping, this is it. What a mess.
BAD Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off, especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick's Blood Diamond.
FAIR It leaves a bitter aftertaste, but perhaps that couldn't be avoided. This isn't a feel-good affair.
BAD Hurt sells the silliness almost convincingly, but even from such a skillful pitchman it comes out sounding, finally, like junk.
BAD This purported whodunit thriller never solves its main mystery: How and why did this film get made in the first place?
BAD A math- and symbology-tinged thriller adapted by director Alex de la Iglesia, and pitched at a breakneck, didactic clip, absent any sensible, modulated emotional investment in the characters or material.
BAD Disappointing, badly plotted thriller, let down by some dodgy acting, poor direction and a script that makes The Da Vinci Code look like a masterpiece.
BAD The murders are simply chalk marks on a blackboard with no build-up and little fallout.
BAD Not so terrible that you can understand why it's been practically buried by its distributors, but you can get better ridiculous whodunits on TV.
GOOD See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all.
GOOD Director Irvin Kershner's imaginative supervision of George Lucas's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension, adding a mature, philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects.
GOOD It's darker than the original, and perhaps less well structured, but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions.
GOOD The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.
GOOD O melhor de toda a serie, este episodio abraca o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiencia os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade.
GOOD Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like 'best ever.'
GOOD The most imaginative and emotionally connectable "Star Wars" film and, with the exception of "Revenge of the Sith," also the darkest.
GOOD The second act is very strong, cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han, Leia, Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire. And it's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit.
GOOD The best of the films.
GOOD Sci-fi cinema at its best.
GOOD Everything you loved about A New Hope and more.
GOOD ...the deepest, darkest, most mature, and most thoughtful entry in the series.
GOOD The best Star Wars movie, ever!
GOOD The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they aren't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures.
GOOD A darker, richer, and more elaborate film than the original.
GOOD The most interesting of the series
GOOD To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliche they don't make 'em like this anymore.
GOOD Easily the best of the Star Wars saga, sad but thrilling.
GOOD It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films, on the big screen again.
GOOD In Empire, creator George Lucas' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack.
GOOD It's the best film of the series, and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made.
GOOD El Episodio V es el mas oscuro de la saga de Star Wars, pero tambien, el mas seductor.
GOOD By far the best part of the trilogy, Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre, with a reputation that can only grow and grow.
GOOD may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy, but it will always remain the stronges
GOOD A superior motion picture!
GOOD Colorful, exciting, witty and adventuresome!
GOOD The script again is imaginative and full of laughs. Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes.
GOOD It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end, one of the most visionary and inventive of all films.
BAD I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island.
BAD Fans of Taylor may like this, but they would have to be a group with amazingly low standards.
GOOD Hilariously ghastly camp that rivals the likes of Valley of the Dolls or Mommie Dearest with its wild, no-holds-barred over-the-top lunacy.
FAIR clever
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a good sign when the special effects give more memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept. And it's not even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it nearly as much as I ought to have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs. Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth noting, unless one is noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans. But if you are not a fan, the "oh jeez" moments will far outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with actual cinema as kids, so why are we doing so with this one? It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is. The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens. There are predators. They fight. What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train may be no classic of the genre, but it's certainly a better and more interesting film than most of what passes for horror movies these days.
FAIR This is the best Clive Barker-inspired movie in a long, long time -- probably since "Hellraiser III" in 1992.
FAIR Goes full speed on ultra-gory rails before slamming to an abrupt stop.
BAD while skimpy on characterization and plot, it should please gorehounds and Barker fans alike
BAD Japanese director Ryuhei Kitamura, who kicked off his career with 2000's impressive micro-budget zombie flick Versus, delivers plenty of stylish visuals and an admirably unrestrained attitude to gore.
BAD The film hurtles towards the final 'revelation moment' like runaway train. If only it had stopped to take on board some of Barker's heavy mythical dread.
FAIR Unfairly buried by its distributors in the US, this film takes what could have been a drab set-up and gives it some real bravado, energy and creativity.
FAIR The Midnight Meat Train is destined for cult status as an minor horror gem.
GOOD Midnight Meat Train can best be described as splatter noir. It's Fritz Lang by way of an abattoir.
FAIR Destined to be a cult classic as a vicious, brilliant, and disgusting horror film...
BAD This sharp and brutal little yarn about a photographer who stumbles across a serial killer is a fan film if every there was one -- and only fans will be able to stomach it.
BAD More interesting than most of the torture-porn or Asian-inspired thrillers that make it to theaters these days, but its tired combination of incongruously pretty fashion-mag photography and outrageously gruesome digital effects is dead on arrival.
BAD Public-transit terror tale is beyond bloody. Pass.
BAD It was a pretty neat concept, but it has such a bad script and bogged down with horrendous acting that I can't say it's a good movie
GOOD Manages to maintain that sly sense of dread that permeates the best of Barker's horror tales. Certainly one of the most effective horror films of the year.
FAIR MEAT TRAIN is the first BOOK OF BLOOD to depart from the station in a long time and it's refreshing to see that the film carries that bleak, yet romantic touch of Clive Barker all over it... it's guaranteed to make you squirm, scream and beg for more!
FAIR ...sweet and charming, succeeding as a genuine gathering of friends.
BAD A mediocre modern high seas pirate tale.
GOOD Nothing is overplayed, from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption, making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making.
GOOD You know, I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand, but he's rocking the shit in this one.
GOOD Beneath the heart-racing action, Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin.
GOOD While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle, the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery.
GOOD The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie, played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone.
GOOD The best action film so far this summer.
GOOD Um desfecho a altura do otimo padrao estabelecido pela trilogia, ainda surpreende gracas a uma inteligente estrutura que, brincando com a linha narrativa da serie, comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepcao.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber.
GOOD A significant achievement, held back but not much diminished by the unavoidable excesses of the genre.
GOOD two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
GOOD Ultimatum isn't just the best film of the franchise - it's the best action film of 2007.
GOOD It twists and turns without losing its footing, and its hero, an international man of mystery even to himself, is always ahead of the game, daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move. The trick is to try and keep up.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre, et surpasse meme, haut la main les standards de qualite deja tres eleves fixes par ses predecesseurs.
GOOD Don't get me wrong, I love these films. But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well.
GOOD Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster, grittier and more brutal
FAIR Como film de accion es excelente, pero todo sucede tan rapido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan facil (...) que en definitiva solo interesa por su tenso y energico despliegue fisico.
GOOD Because the Bourne films haven't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they aren't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard.
GOOD o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti (den) kaneis, kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
GOOD Not only far and away this summer's best three-peat, it's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon's spy trilogy.
FAIR As badass as Bourne is, the film tends to forget it isn't Unbreakable.
FAIR The fast-paced nature of action films doesn't augment the sometimes-cliched narrative.
GOOD "The Bourne Ultimatum" is supreme entertainment.
GOOD It is exhilarating, and when it is over, you just want to get right back in line to ride it again.
FAIR A direct rebuke of the pro-torture "24," arguing that torture isn't just cruel to the tortured, but to those who are asked to torture.
GOOD It's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise, period...
FAIR As good as the first two films were, as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller, the third film falls victim to its own innovation.
GOOD Baby, he was Bourne to run.
GOOD ...a state of the art machine, all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
GOOD The fact that it's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre.
GOOD a satisfying conclusion...to this intelligent series
GOOD Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round, director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga.
GOOD A movie in which every single moment is exactly right.
GOOD It's the brilliant imagery and ground-breaking techniques that make it such a timeless achievement.
GOOD Rich, strange and gorgeous, F.W. Murnau's Sunrise shows what an artist of the late silent era could accomplish cinematically, backed by an open checkbook and fueled by the highest aspirations even in the simplest of morality tales.
GOOD Cinema at its most exhilarating.
GOOD This is pure cinema: emotionally uplifting, utterly absorbing, sublimely refreshing.
FAIR gives the modern viewer a way to look back at the history of cinema
GOOD Murnau deftly balances the changes in tone, going from a deep foreboding to complete bliss, and using Expressionistic techniques like forced perspective, wonky set design, and long shadows to project a huge range of emotion.
GOOD One of those seminal works without which modern movies wouldn't exist...
GOOD [an] unexpectedly harmonious marriage of German expressionism and Hollywood romanticism.
GOOD One of the finest romantic dramas of all time.
GOOD Moody and melodramatic, a technical treat that grabs hold of the viewer and will not let him go.
GOOD This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism, artifice and realism.
GOOD F.W. Murnau's Sunrise (1928) conquered time and gravity with a freedom that was startling to its first audiences. To see it today is to be astonished by the boldness of its visual experimentation.
GOOD Murnau masterpiece; gorgeously shot and acted.
GOOD It's a love story that's more than just a tale of broken hearts and damp hankies. It's also a landmark in the history of cinema that turns melodrama into high art.
GOOD Alternatingly romantic, joyful, sexy and terrifying
GOOD F.W. Murnau's visual style adds depth and excitement to the drama, and humour.
GOOD Nothing will explain it or the experience of it. It simply has to be seen -- and that is as it should be.
GOOD One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater.
GOOD One of the first psychological thrillers ever made, F.W. Murnau's silent Sunrise is as dark as they come.
GOOD One of the select few films in history that show what the medium is capable of attaining at its highest, most exalted state.
GOOD Sunrise is an incredible achievement, and perhaps the greatest silent drama ever made.
GOOD Sunrise is often rightfully noted for its technical achievements but what is often overlooked is its emotional power.
BAD This one comes close to Spielberg's Jaws...alphabetically, that is.
GOOD A carefully choreographed devil's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil can't exist without good, but that evil often wins. This uniquely unsympathetic, world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth.
BAD The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing.
FAIR I'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol.
BAD This film fails so miserably don't be surprised to find yourself often rooting against the supposed good guy.
FAIR Lord of War has a surreal edge, despite being enmeshed in world events, with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout.
BAD Una pelicula frivola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el trafico de armas. Entretiene, pero como denuncia cinica se queda corta.
FAIR The movie's too flippant for good drama and not funny enough for satire, but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage's reptilian performance hold our interest.
FAIR Impressive performances, fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial, but in the end, it feels too much like an illustrated lecture.
FAIR Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here, substituting feverishness for character development...
FAIR The high point is Niccol's script, which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy.
GOOD This film entertained me throughout, but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers.
GOOD O anti-heroi complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar, de forma inventiva e fascinante, o mercado negro (abastecido por grandes governos) das armas de fogo.
GOOD An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy.
GOOD Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue. Sadly, there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth.
GOOD (Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing. He's that good.
FAIR Cage is perfectly cast and he's on top form here, subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky, off-kilter performances.
FAIR It's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they've been entertained or criminalized.
GOOD [W]hile the film is powered by a righteous anger, it is also very funny, stylish and daring.
GOOD Here's an interesting dramatic film that's looking for a demographic.
BAD Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.
FAIR A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure.
FAIR The approach to Yuri's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never break their poker faces in trying to make him any more or any less than what he actually is.
FAIR Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who's retreated into preachy speechifying.
FAIR An interesting study of an unrepentant louse.
GOOD Moral ambiguity has rarely been so well done on screen.
BAD Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never want to meet or spend two hours with in a theater.
GOOD This is Niccol's bravest movie to date, and it is an unquestionably brilliant work.
FAIR A great, bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time.
FAIR Cage blunts the film's message by his over-acting, turning it into a film that's not quite serious drama, not quite comedy, and not quite good.
GOOD Welles's deeply haunting depiction of the life of William Randolph Hearst has long been synonymous with the director's spectacularly odd and genuinely tragic career.
GOOD One of the best films out there, and certainly a high point in early cinema. The love for Citizen Kane is deserved.
GOOD Citizen Kane has been cited as the greatest film ever made from so many different quarters, it's a wonder that a Congressional law hasn't been passed making it required viewing for anyone who claims they like movies.
GOOD Classic should be required for any movie lover.
GOOD Citizen Kane is not only an entertaining film, but it is also a deeply heartfelt, though provoking, and intelligent one as well. Like a fine wine it has aged well over the last 60 odd years.
GOOD To revisit it now is still to marvel at its wit, audacity and sheer entertainment value.
GOOD Many of the novel techniques Welles developed with cinematographer Gregg Toland were calculated to offer new angles on film space.
GOOD With its spirit of visual and narrative innovation, and Welles's precocious, towering central performance, Citizen Kane almost lives up to its own reputation as the best of all time.
GOOD There's no denying that his bravura performance, both in front of the camera and behind it, is spellbindingly effective.
GOOD There can hardly be anything left to say about Citizen Kane, now revived on the big screen, other than to comment on sublime moments.
GOOD A ground-breaking masterpiece. It contains so many examples of cinematic brilliance that it's a shock it won only one Oscar (for the screenplay).
GOOD Truly one of the greatest films ever.
GOOD It would be nice to be able to buck the critical orthodoxy and say how tired and overrated Citizen Kane is; but the dulll truth is, it's still, indisputably, one of the great masterpieces of cinema.
GOOD Citizen Kane is the biggest cinematic landmark since pictures first started moving.
GOOD Look at it from an entertainment standpoint. What you'll find is that it's a very entertaining, sometimes very funny and always extremely playful film.
GOOD The amazing depth of story and richness of composition make Citizen Kane a must-see for anyone who considers themselves a lover of films.
GOOD It remains a gloriously entertaining classic.
GOOD Citizen Kane is no relic. Pop in the DVD and you'll find what you least expect - a really cool flick.
GOOD Citizen Kane is far and away the most surprising and cinematically exciting motion picture to be seen here in many a moon. As a matter of fact, it comes close to being the most sensational film ever made in Hollywood.
GOOD The greatest film of all time now has a DVD to match.
GOOD A film that actually feels more modern than most of what we see nowadays, sixty some years later.
GOOD Duh.
GOOD Yeah, it really IS all that good.
GOOD Charles Foster Kane se torna assustadoramente real a medida em que o filme tenta desvendar sua personalidade.
GOOD A backwards detective story with Kane's lost childhood as an elusive puzzle piece in a lifetime of megalomania.
GOOD Kids who watch this movie can never know how revolutionary it was.
GOOD No scene in Kane ever fails to amaze me, and watching it for perhaps the 15th time on this new DVD, I still felt fulfilled and happy afterward.
GOOD The question has never been whether 'Citizen Kane' is one of the greatest films ever made. The question is whether it is THE greatest.
GOOD A potent metaphor for the betrayal of principles, the souring of the American Dream, and an intelligent mediation on the corrupting nature of power.
BAD Mergulha nas velhas perseguicoes de sempre, sendo ainda mais prejudicado pelos dialogos pavorosamente ruins.
FAIR A fine attempt, and fine entertainment, but not one for the ages.
BAD Unfortunately, the 12A rating means that the film lacks the two most essential ingredients for a teen horror flick: sex and gore.
BAD Aside from leading lady Lindy Booth and a directorial style that screams for a smarter screenplay, there's very little here that'll thrill the horror hounds and/or the gore gourmets.
BAD Nothing about the plot has any real spark, besides the gimmicky set-up.
BAD ...ultimately unsatisfactory...
FAIR If you want something that asks you to think along with it to keep up with the characters and plot, Cry_Wolf's a good place to be.
FAIR Here's a little movie that should have thriller aficionados licking their chops.
BAD You know you're in trouble when Jon Bon Jovi is the most impressive actor in the bunch.
BAD Rumors of the slasher genre's death have not been greatly exaggerated, if this Chrysler Million Dollar Film Contest winner is any indication.
BAD another case of a modern thriller where we are expected to accept too many silly things
BAD I don't mind that the plotting is as transparent as a roomful of Saran Wrap. what I object to is that this movie is terminally, sleep-inducingly boring.
FAIR A cut above the rest.
FAIR Not only is it kind-of-sort-of-almost good, but it's also arguably the best horror movie in theaters right now -- thanks to a decent script with a couple of great twists.
FAIR The movie consistently keeps us guessing, right up to its twisty, satisfying finish.
GOOD A clever teen thriller with intricate plotting, deft characterizations, sharp ensemble performances and a darkly ironic twist at the end.
BAD In this adolescent horror flick, the first-time screenwriters Jeff Wadlow and Beau Bauman prove more adept at staging mind games than creating chills for the audience.
BAD Wadlow and cowriter Beau Bauman start with a clever conceit, but Wadlow's gimmicky direction runs it right into the ground.
BAD The best that you can probably say about it is that it isn't as bad as you expected.
FAIR A stylish, frequently charming throwback to a time when horror films were essentially psychological thrillers with a higher body count.
BAD The bulk of the low budget must have gone to funding the sheep's clothing.
BAD Une version un peu plus intelligente du slasher movie habituel, ce qui n'en fait pas plus un film intressant.
BAD The inevitable detour into tedious and-then-there-were-none territory is all the more dispiriting in light of some of the intriguingly undeveloped ideas.
BAD The current state of the American horror genre is, sadly, in a current state of horror.
FAIR A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
GOOD Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
GOOD As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
GOOD What more could you ask for in a sequel?
GOOD Um filme de espioes para adultos.
FAIR By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
GOOD A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
BAD Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to mention if you care about who is in jeopardy.
GOOD Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
GOOD Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
FAIR Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
GOOD At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
BAD The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
GOOD Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not better than their earlier films.
FAIR Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
FAIR 'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no le pida mas'
GOOD I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
GOOD Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
GOOD A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
GOOD Bourne es un antiheroe, un hombre incomodo en su rol, un sicario amnesico atormentado por sus demonios.
GOOD (T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
GOOD Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
BAD This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
FAIR A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
GOOD Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy." A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
FAIR Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
GOOD Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
GOOD A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
FAIR If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't expect much more than that.
FAIR On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
GOOD conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
GOOD Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
GOOD Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't be surprised if you leave the movie sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
FAIR A high school killing spree leads to a captivating examination of parenthood and the 'nature vs nurture' debate.
FAIR A real-world horror movie -- for parents.
GOOD It may not be a crowd-pleaser, but it's not every day we get an emotional powerhouse of a film done this well.
GOOD We Need To Talk About Kevin is a brooding, unnerving but wholly rewarding film.
GOOD It would be easy to say that the film would be nothing without Tilda Swinton. It wouldn't, but the narrative is quite engaging and Swinton's isn't the only terrific performance.
GOOD One of the most chilling films of 2011
FAIR The best horror penetrates beyond external vibe to internal thought-process and the film never truly takes us within the mother's head.
FAIR Un drama psicologico tenso y abrumador, en algun punto quizas insoportable. Al final, nadie espera que se entienda por que paso lo que paso, pero si al menos que se tenga una aproximacion a lo que es vivir con una pesadilla a cuestas.
GOOD Whatever you think of the philosophical weight of Ramsay's film - I find it ... less nuanced than David Foster Wallace's one liner that Hobbes was simply "Rousseau in a dark mirror" - there's a fierce integrity in Swinton's performance.
FAIR Irony clashes with disturbing drama
BAD A pretentious, unpleasant, woolly headed movie that's nothing more than a cheesy horror picture for people who wouldn't be caught dead going to a cheesy horror picture.
FAIR Smug but fascinating: The movie is a woman's cry of anguish for an unjust world that enables men at all levels of age and power to get away with cruelty, brutality, murder and even war because, well, 'that's what boys DO.'
FAIR Swinton doesn't say much; she doesn't have to. Her tear-stained eyes and anguished face carry all her emotions. In a career filled with so many terrific, subtle performances, this is clearly one of her best.
FAIR Of all the nomination flubs made this past January by the Academy of Harvey Weinstein Arts and Sciences, the most egregious mistake was arguably the lack of a Best Actress nod for Tilda Swinton.
GOOD A meaty, full-fat, marrow-rich, extra-pulp vision of the nightmare side of motherhood, given realism by a pair of all-too believable performances.
GOOD An unconventionally structured but thoroughly riveting indie drama, propelled by a searing performance from Tilda Swinton.
BAD We Need to Talk About Kevin is basically emotional torture porn as the camera lingers on Eva as she repeatedly suffers inhuman amounts of psychological distress while the audience wonders how much more she, and we, can take.
FAIR Fragmented, dreamlike, a whir of memories and misery, We Need to Talk About Kevin is unsettling, but also somehow unnecessary.
GOOD "We Need to Talk About Kevin" is confrontational cinema that will leave you speechless.
GOOD Brilliant and unrelentingly bleak.
GOOD It's a hallmark of "Kevin's" emotional bravery and intellectual honesty that the questions haunt us long after the end credits roll.
BAD You understand the symbolism implied in Kevin's choice of weapon, but I didn't really believe it could work as a WMD.
BAD Some movies punish you, but you take it because you're getting something out of the bargain: an insight, a performance, art, adrenaline. Then there are the movies that punish you for the heck of it.
FAIR No one does layered suffering like Swinton - you feel her pain and much more besides.
GOOD Swinton is brilliant in a difficult and painful film.
BAD [F]eels like sleeptime indigestion finally cooling off.
BAD An annoying provocation with too little to say, a serious credibility deficit, a whiff of misandry, and a miscalculated, unseemly gusto for abusing its hero. Instead of having catharsis, the audience just gets had.
GOOD I realize that, in praising the film, I've probably talked most readers out of seeing it. But it's an undeniably powerful piece of art that engages fully with its disturbing subject matter.
FAIR Director Ramsay seems intent on scaring parents everywhere, but she also wants this cautionary tale to make us think too.
BAD Ramsay may be aiming for a character study of Kevin, but she ends up merely listing the ingredients needed to make a murderer.
FAIR Lynne Ramsay's thoughtful, unnerving film works its strange power over viewers who are likely to find themselves as compelled as repelled by its fatally flawed key players.
BAD The narrative strategy amounts to little more than film-school strenuousness, and in the end it can't conceal the movie's essential crudeness - its coarse, artless dialogue, blank character writing and intellectual vacuity.
GOOD Imagine The Good Son re-dreamt by Nicolas Roeg, and you might have something close to Lynne Ramsay's We Need To Talk About Kevin...
GOOD Ramsay, filming in lurid reds and unblinking close-ups, lets no one off the hook here; this is truly a domestic horror story, with no easy answers and nobody blameless.
FAIR Tilda Swinton is the star of We Need to Talk About Kevin, and her performance is so complex and volcanic and transfixing that all of the film's flaws melt away.
FAIR There's no equivocating ... over the excellence of the acting by Swinton and casting find Ezra Miller
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not think 100 minutes is an awfully long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD It takes you on an intriguing, unsettling journey.
GOOD M Night Shyamalan has fashioned a modern classic here, a chilly, intelligent, emotional ghost story that relies not on the obligatory gore and knifeplay for its many shocks but on glimpses of an afterlife that's anything but angels and harps.
GOOD So transparent is Osment as an actor, and so rare, that the pain on his face stabs you in the heart.
GOOD Like The Exorcist, this isn't really a gore-spattered shocker, more a slow-burning, subconscious-botherer.
GOOD Osment is excellent, as is Bruce Willis, as a melancholy child psychologist scarred by his failure with a similarly haunted youth, and Toni Collette, as the boy's fiercely loyal mother.
GOOD Great, but sometimes scarier than R-rated horror.
GOOD An excellent premiere for new director M. Night Shyamalan as he packs a punch with a great story, excellent directing, a great cast, great performances, and a surprise ending that will leave you breathless for days on end.
GOOD A low-key triumph of mood and menace.
FAIR Mr. Willis gives a surprisingly quiet performance.
GOOD The screenplay, with its terrific scares and its amazing double-whammy at the end, is a grand achievement.
FAIR a good film that shows even better things that lie in the future
FAIR Shyamalan relies on gradually charging the atmosphere until an electrifying ending.
FAIR This disturbing thriller is distinguished by the moving performance of Haley Joel Osment.
GOOD It is the only film I've seen that gives you the creeps and the warm fuzzies all at the same time.
FAIR Willis gives an excellent, understated, and compassionate performance.
BAD I'd like to say that writer/director M. Night Shyamalan is a stunning new voice and talent working in Hollywood today. Unfortunately, that pronouncement will have to wait for at least one more film.
GOOD Intricate, intimate thriller is full of superb performances, deft direction.
GOOD The Sixth Sense has more than simple ghoulish chills on its mind. Instead, it's a spooky mind game with a whopper of a twist at the end, a twist that, even when you think about it, makes perfect sense.
GOOD At its heart it is an intense, moving, thoughtful drama about the mysterious relationship between an exceptional little boy and a psychologist who wants to help him.
GOOD This is much more than a scary movie or a ghost story. It's a riveting psychological thriller about death and its manifestations.
GOOD M. Night Shyamalan e, ao lado dos irmaos Wachowski, uma das grandes revelacoes de 1999.
BAD Billed as a 'chilling, psychological thriller,' this movie is actually none of those things.
FAIR Bruce Willis is making it increasingly difficult for me to assert that he has no acting ability.
GOOD The Sixth Sense works best when it works its mournful magic alone, without fanfare, using only the flickering fear in Cole's gaze as it meets the compassion in Crowe's.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role. Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it. He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase. The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen. He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie. Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
BAD Astonishingly dull and pervasively unwatchable...
GOOD File under 'classic'.
GOOD Deserving of its label as a true classic, and essential viewing.
GOOD Tense 1950s Western is still a cinema classic.
GOOD Carl Foreman's brilliant screenplay pays due respect to each character, no matter how sad or loathsome.
GOOD One of top five westerns of all time w/Cooper's Oscar winning role. Powerful.
GOOD One of the essentials
GOOD Drop-dead brilliant Western Noir.
GOOD ...plays on the psychology of its characters and situations; an oater with insight and introspection...thought over action.
GOOD THE great American Western.
GOOD Meaningful in its implications, as well as loaded with interest and suspense, High Noon is a western to challenge Stagecoach for the all-time championship.
GOOD One of the best westerns ever made. Had me on the edge of my seat the entire time!
GOOD O primeiro filme a ensinar que um faroeste poderia ter densidade dramatica sem perder suas proprias caracteristicas.
GOOD This outstanding drama ticks by in real time, only 84 tense minutes long.
FAIR Just a good guy, a bad guy, and a clean-cut ending that leaves you shrugging the whole thing off.
GOOD A film about what it means to be a man that manages to avoid the musk of machismo, High Noon is truly a film that improves with each and every viewing.
GOOD The Western may be one of the few truly American art forms, and High Noon shows exactly how much potential it can embrace.
GOOD Flaws don't negate the strong impact this film would have on the viewer, the impact that inspired many future filmmakers and made High Noon one of the most important pieces of American film legacy.
GOOD Not a frame is wasted in this taut, superbly directed, masterfully acted film.
GOOD The film works remarkably well as a simple but powerful parable.
GOOD ...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
GOOD Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
GOOD A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilizacao da narrativa sao facilmente constataveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
FAIR The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
GOOD The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
FAIR The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
BAD The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
GOOD First-class entertainment.
FAIR ...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
GOOD fantastic
GOOD The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
GOOD The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
FAIR Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics. And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
GOOD The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not drown out the human interest.
GOOD the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
BAD The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
BAD [Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
FAIR The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
FAIR Marvelous!
GOOD The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
GOOD Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
GOOD Beneath pointed dialogue, perceptive character development and tense plot twists, the movie plays like a breakpoint in our journey towards complete voyeurism.
GOOD Hitchcock masterpiece stars peeping Jimmy Stewart.
GOOD In this brilliant movie about watching the neighbors, Alfred Hitchcock turns the lens on his audience. "We have become a race of Peeping Toms," notes one character not only commenting on Jeff's obsessive voyeurism but also that of the cinematic spectator.
GOOD As close to 'perfect' as a film is likely to get.
GOOD a taut and (verbally) jaunty thriller
GOOD ...the film surely remains one of the most memorable and downright essential examples of the slow-burn thriller genre.
GOOD hitchcock perfection
GOOD Don't resist the urge -- steal a peek at it now, and be reminded why Hitchcock is still without equal in the clammy thrills department.
GOOD Restored Hitchcock thriller charms, chills and sparkles.
GOOD What a great movie.
GOOD A stellar film.
GOOD ...see Rear Window, if you haven't already, for [Grace] Kelly's sensual, slo-mo entrance...
GOOD ...one of Hitchcock's most-successful screen works and an easy recommendation for any DVD library.
GOOD Not only is Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window one of his best pictures, it's one of the best films ever made altogether.
GOOD One of the film's early ad campaigns read, 'If you do not experience delicious terror when you see Rear Window, then pinch yourself--you are most probably dead.'
GOOD Hitchcock made more than a half-dozen films that lesser directors would gladly claim as a masterpiece. None surpasses the suspense, romance, wit and wisdom of Rear Window.
GOOD Interesting and fun from the start.
GOOD Rear Window lovingly invests in suspense all through the film, banking it in our memory, so that when the final payoff arrives, the whole film has been the thriller equivalent of foreplay.
GOOD In an impressive oeuvre, Rear Window is arguably the most exquisitely handcrafted feature, because Hitchcock mastered the spatial as well as behavioral coordinates of his chosen universe inch by inch.
GOOD What results is, in essence, one of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD Masterpiece!
GOOD A cinematic treasure!
GOOD One of the finest ever committed to celluloid!
GOOD The most provocative meditation on moviegoing ever made.
FAIR A seriously bleak little movie...
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR The problem with Perfect Sense is its inability to be effective as either a character-based love story or something larger and more bold.
BAD There is a low key element to this narrative much like what CHILDREN OF MEN offered, however this is not nearly as successful as Alfonso Cuaron's brilliant feature.
GOOD A deeply spiritual love story that challenges us to be fully alive to the report of our senses and to live in the present moment which will never appear again.
BAD Ultimately too silly to truly captivate.
BAD People around the world progressively lose their senses of smell, taste, hearing and, finally, sight. Too bad the filmmakers never seem to have had a sense of humor in the first place.
GOOD Visually glassy and smooth, Perfect Sense values the dynamic mood of each scene without being overly stylized.
FAIR A solemn sci-fi parable set in present-day Glasgow, whose deepening sense of foreboding is sustained by the enigmatic, pseudo-biblical reflections of an unseen narrator.
BAD Sadly, even aficionados of the Cinema of Extinction may make "Perfect Sense" an Omega choice.
BAD If you crave action, dialogue, explanations, character revelations and clear plot resolutions, Perfect Sense never lives up to its title.
BAD Filmed with the somber pretentiousness of a Babel, the movie never quite converts its premise into something grander (never mind believable).
GOOD Engrossing before packing a staggering emotional wallop as its full implications are revealed.
BAD The film loses its charm with annoying sequences that have a narrator explain to us "The Meaning of it All" and then tell us "What Really Matters" in life: Love. Love. Love.
BAD Sadly, the central romance fails to convince as the two leads lack chemistry...
FAIR British director David Mackenzie makes good use of an obviously limited budget, with the apocalypse neatly suggested by just a few litter-strewn Glasgow streets patrolled by men in respirator masks.
GOOD This is a frightening and tender sci-fi, shot very flat and unhysterical, full of eccentric detail (the need to make more entertaining food after everyone loses their sense of taste) and always an air of regret spilling out at the edges.
FAIR Although watchable, the only thing that succeeds is Mackenzie triggering our deepest, darkest fears of complete sensory malfunction ...
BAD Sublimely and uncompromisingly daft.
BAD It's a movie that leaves you guiltily unimpressed while it pours its pseudo-lyrical heart out.
BAD A pretentious and perfectly daft film that manages to combine absurdity with tedium.
FAIR Director David Mackenzie's refreshing take on the disaster plague genre goes for the personal rather than the pandemic...
BAD A half-baked apocalypse in slow motion.
FAIR An intriguing idea for a film that heightens all the senses.
BAD The story and characters have nowhere to go beyond bleak acceptance of the inevitable. So it's difficult to care what happens.
GOOD Thrillingly ambitious, ecstatically romantic, utterly unexpected.
BAD Chicly shot and edited, and pretty much art-directed to death, Mackenzie's movie is curiously underwhelming and unbearably pretentious.
GOOD A moving look at what it means to be human in the most extreme circumstances, this is kitchen-sink sci-fi with an aching soul.
FAIR Odd, but intriguing.
BAD Has an intriguing premise but fails to do anything interesting with it and ultimately struggles to engage on an emotional level, thanks to flatly written characters and some painfully pretentious direction.
BAD Leaves you with the sense of a good film that has been lost somewhere along the line.
BAD a study of increasing depravity through a pair of lovers who adaptively appreciate each other the best they can as the world erodes around them.
GOOD David Mackenzie's quietly accomplished film straddles the arthouse world and cult movies with a unique poetic vision.
FAIR It's not a bad story as far as it goes, and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... [but] no story, no matter how interesting, can't do without a little bit of the Hollywood treatment, and "The Hunting Party" suffers that in spades.
FAIR Features some truly outrageous events.... But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
BAD There are a lot of movies that don't deliver on their promise. The Hunting Party is one of them. It's a disheartening disappointment.
GOOD Tense, funny, disturbing and touching from moment one.
FAIR The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending, leaving a lot of filler in the middle.
FAIR Gere has so much fun in his role it's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts.
BAD a very poor man's Three Kings, minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads.
BAD The magazine piece was convoluted at best, and writer-director Richard Shepard doesn't make things much clearer.
BAD Although the film initially plays like breezy fun, it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone.
GOOD ...the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that hasn't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone.
FAIR Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness, Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism.
BAD By the time the end credits roll, you're still not sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party is supposed to be, other than just queasy.
GOOD Writer-director Richard Shepard's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down.
BAD It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down.
BAD The Hunting Party is a complete bust, but the ways in which it fails are interesting.
BAD Set in postwar Bosnia, The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent.
FAIR The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film's vein of bleak humor refreshing.
FAIR ...it does make room for the latest, loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere's career.
BAD The Hunting Party has good aim, but just misses.
BAD When something seems too bizarre to be true, that's generally how it plays onscreen.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly 'normal' people doing seriously insane stuff.
FAIR On paper, there's no way that The Hunting Party should work. But onscreen, it defies the odds.
GOOD A spry, surprising and intelligent comedy.
FAIR If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy, any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor.
BAD The movie, based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation's most notorious war criminal, goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible.
FAIR It's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all; without them, The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot.
FAIR Immersed in cynicism and dark humour, this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters.
BAD wants to cover a lot of ground, but shortchanges most of it.
FAIR A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters, highlighting the absurdity of war.
FAIR Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
GOOD All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film's opening disclaimer: "Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true."
GOOD The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands.
FAIR ...plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda, with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time.
BAD There are all kinds of weirdo supporting players and the requisite amount of bloody killing scenes, but it doesn't add up to much and London Boulevard just feels like its trying to hard to be edgy.
BAD This crime story smacks of all-too-familiar elements and is told with a blandly straightforward approach.
FAIR Colin Farrell and Keira Knightley make a dynamite pairing.
FAIR A stylish if familiar tale of a man hopelessly entangled in his past.
BAD A movie is more than dialogue and a soundtrack. And direction is a lot more than making sure all your favorite parts of your own script make it to the screen intact.
BAD In trying to take a bite out of crime and another out of fame, [Monahan has] ended up with more than he can chew for his first time in the director's chair.
FAIR Monahan's trademark tart dialogue is as strong as ever, and Farrell and Winstone make for a formidable pair of opponents.
BAD There is too much to be absorbed in too little time and not enough tissue connecting abbreviated, sometimes unnecessary subplots.
GOOD The confidence of London Boulevard never tips into cockiness. This is style with some intelligence behind it.
BAD Had the film stood still more often, its stylish gambit would have worked better.
BAD Close this street down.
BAD Equally indebted to Martin Scorsese, Guy Ritchie, and Giorgio Armani, London Boulevard represents the apotheosis of style over substance.
FAIR Given the talent involved, it should have been better, but I still wanted to see how it all turned out.
FAIR It at times dabbles too often in crime cliches - as though written by someone coming off of a Sopranos box-set bender - but it is also uncomfortably tense and unsettlingly brutal.
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD This film's distributors insisted I watch this with a public audience. For the record, out of nine people who started watching this with me, only six lasted the course. You've been warned.
BAD It's a crying shame how disjointed it gets, crumpled into a narrow range of Brit-gangster idioms, picking quite the wrong ending, and barely holding it together from scene to scene.
BAD Guilty, with one or two mitigating circumstances.
BAD A good cast tries in vain to elevate a workmanlike script in a film that ends up as dead as Joe Gillis.
BAD It's a film with plenty of front, as they say, but uses up all its energy, wit and ideas in the first 20 or so minutes, before collapsing into a flurry of boring violence.
BAD Brutal and with a plot that's all over the place, it seems we're taking early delivery of a Christmas turkey.
BAD Essentially, London Boulevard is a long but not very winding road.
FAIR As a pastiche of so many previous gangster movies, it's lazily enjoyable. But it doesn't repay any thought.
BAD Every actor in this gangland geezerama does a "turn" as if it is party time at the Cheeky Mockney Club.
BAD It's far from original and, crucially, the romance between Farrell and Knightley doesn't have enough pull.
FAIR Thanks to a top-notch cast, which also features Thewlis as a stoned luvvie and Friel as Mitchel's sluttish sot of a sister, plus a wry script, this stands head and shoulders above recent geezer fare.
BAD A befuddling muddle that sees a starry cast up to their necks in reheated cliches.
BAD Disappointing, badly written and jarringly acted crime drama that gets bogged down in too many sub-plots and winds up as a compendium of tedious gangster movie cliches.
BAD I'm blaming the staggeringly cack script, which leaves more loose ends untied than a short-sighted vasectomy doctor.
BAD It reeks of staged theater: three men in one room talking endlessly.
FAIR The pingpong repetition of dialogue is more precious than poetic and heavy silences and actorly asides draw out a slim story that packs few dramatic surprises.
BAD The good news is that Fishburne also stars, and has recruited a talented group of actors to flesh out the cast; the bad news is that no one seems to have been on hand to help out with the rest of film.
GOOD Absorbing and edgy.
BAD Without a coherent story to hold our attention, the mood of somber, lower-depths desperation soon becomes monotonous.
BAD Billy's meltdown provides a real-time reality check, but for most of the time we're waiting for the payoff, and when it comes, I'm afraid, it's not very satisfying.
FAIR Never loses its identity as a work meant strictly for the stage.
FAIR You're so busy enjoying the sound and picture quality that you're inclined to forgive the film's missteps.
FAIR Thunderous, metallic, ominous, screeching sound effects add to the sensory perception that you're watching a megaton monster barreling toward a dramatic showdown.
FAIR This sort of thing by design devolves into two guys talking on a phone, which if it's got any chance of working requires strong actors to bring their characters to life. Which is probably where Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 succeeds best.
FAIR The fourth (and least effective) collaboration between Denzel Washington and Tony Scott...
FAIR When logic subsides, as alas it does, it is the sheer force of Washington's intensity and Travolta's elan that keeps the film on, ahem, track
FAIR If the trademark Scott gloss serves as a superficial hook, his also-adept manner of building tension and suspense then keeps one interested.
BAD It would be impossible to make a completely dull film of Godey's story, but Scott has succeeded in reducing it to an empty, mechanical spectacle.
FAIR Solid performances can't lift this picture above its own mediocrity, however. The plot is formulaic ... and the ending obvious.
BAD In yet another blander-than-bland remake of a classic film, flash-over-substance specialist Tony Scott takes Joseph Sargent's taut, 1974 action-thriller and processes it through the multiplex mulching machine.
BAD There was a reality to [the original film] that I think is missing from this.
FAIR If you've never seen the original, the new Taking of Pelham 123 will probably come across as an okay thriller, but if you have seen the original it's clear evidence as to why the movies aren't as good as they used to be.
FAIR Mechanical and unspirited, this is just another goddam remake, as they might say in the Big Apple.
FAIR When all is said and done, The Taking of Pelham 123 is a reliable, if unremarkable thriller that delivers what it must, and doesn't waste a moment doing so.
BAD Packed with enough rap music, nauseating camera jerks, speed shifts and freeze frames to almost, so nearly, convince us something interesting is occurring on screen.
FAIR Ultimately, this is not a great train-robbery film -- but hey, in the whole scheme of things, it's not a bad one, either.
FAIR Stays on track as an entertaining-enough suspense thriller featuring fine performances by Denzel Washington, John Travolta and James Gandolfini.
FAIR [It's]a popcorn movie, nothing more and nothing less.
FAIR Unlike Sargent, who trusted his story to provide the fireworks, Scott resorts to gimmicks: choppy editing, speeded-up footage that segues inexplicably into slo-mo, and pointless explosions of noise. Sometimes, less really is more.
BAD All sound and fury, devoid of any relevance or resonance.
FAIR This is a post-9/11 city: terrorism is suspected, the cops are over-armed and trigger happy. Why they don't shoot Ryder when they could is unexplained.
BAD Scott's style, all staccato edits and blurry panic, pays off in a few minor scenes, though it's a pity a sub-plot traffic accident has more impact than the main event.
BAD 'The Taking of Pelham 123' is not a bad film: it's ponderous and shallow, but always watchable. But what it crucially fails to do, especially in the light of its illustrious predecessor, is justify its own existence.
BAD Featuring good work from the dependable Denzel, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is hampered by hyper-kinetic visuals from Scott, an over-zealous turn from Travolta and a thoughtless script from Brian Helgeland.
FAIR The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is not a disaster by any means. For most of its running time, it's a slick, well-crafted piece of entertainment. But you can't help wondering just how good it might have been in the hands of a less self-advertising director.
FAIR Head-bangingly hyperactive as ever, action maestro Tony Scott appears to have upped his caffeine intake for this unexpectedly entertaining remake.
BAD The 2009 version, perhaps like New York itself, is flashier and far less gritty. The camerawork is busier, the effects are expensive, the colours louder. The soundtrack, a bastard mix of rocky techno and crude drum 'n' bass, recalls a car ad from 1996.
BAD Juvenile, hyperactive, obstreperous and obnoxious.
FAIR Scott does like his bells and whistles, substituting those for real atmosphere and sense of place. Fortunately that's not enough to completely wreck a serviceable thriller.
FAIR Now that all the summer's blockbusters have shot their load, there could be room in the market for this solidly entertaining thriller remake. But your life would hardly be impoverished if you skipped it.
FAIR The year's most surprisingly enjoyable pulse-racer.
FAIR For a good hour, Scott delivers a tense cat-and-mouser. Goes off track when Denzel turns action hero, but his riffing with a sinister Trav is what propels this Pelham.
FAIR The film thrills like a super-saturated fairground ride, but Scott ducks the question of post -9/11 terror, and fails to deliver on a metaphorical level.
FAIR It moves along at a decent pace but I'd have liked something more - but what exactly, I can't quite put my finger on.
FAIR The Taking Of Pelham 123 may not be up there with his best, but it's professional, fast-moving and holds the interest. It will pay a few bills, which is the only reason it exists.
GOOD Tony Scott has made a film that, for sheer fun and breathless tension, leaves the summer's other actioners parked in the sidings.
GOOD One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
GOOD The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
GOOD An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
GOOD Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
BAD It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
FAIR The cast is remarkably convincing in bringing to life the emotional and psychological cost of trading in one life for another.
BAD Who wants to watch a bunch of people that seemingly hate each other trapped in a small house for an extended period of time?
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes. O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable "gotcha" scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers.
FAIR 30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills, thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie.
FAIR Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects, Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie.
BAD About as scary as Count Chocula.
FAIR Not bad, but let's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor.
BAD ... [T]he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires, with all pointy teeth, make for dull, screaming villains.
BAD The action is fast and gruesome, but beyond Niles and Templesmith's unique setting, in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon, '30 Days of Night' offers little to stir the imagination.
BAD I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman. And the ending was on the verge of interesting, until it came down to one little punch.
GOOD The coolest vampire movie since Near Dark.
BAD 30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie, but only with its novel premise.
FAIR It certainly does entertain, particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends...entertaining. Twice!
BAD Concept: excellent. Setup: intriguing. Execution: well... too many interesting ideas bungled.
FAIR aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy, kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy, parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn
BAD Os vampiros vistos aqui sao pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes.
FAIR It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks. Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year, 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money. Great
FAIR an okay flick
FAIR Redeems the vampire sub-genre, yanking it from the abysmal depths...
BAD Overall, the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled, especially as the monsters get stronger, faster, badder and nuttier.
BAD 30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting, but it's badly let down by poor direction, dismal acting and an appalling script.
FAIR A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest, unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett.
FAIR If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film, this is a good bet.
BAD 30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pate in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor.
FAIR The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied, sloppy, shaky-camera fangwork.
FAIR An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror.
FAIR A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula, with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter, but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time.
BAD Good idea, boring execution.
BAD I've seen more creepy vampires, I guess. But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in "30 Days of Night" is pretty interesting.
FAIR This has more bite than we've come to expect from Sam Raimi's Ghost House production outfit. Some of the action misses the jugular, but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie.
BAD A frustrating mix of imaginative design, erratic plotting and underwritten characters.
FAIR In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings, it does make your blood run cold - assuming you've got any left.
GOOD This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark.
GOOD 30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling, bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that's well worth the wait.
FAIR The isolated, unique nature of the town's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears, but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise
BAD Great setup, a mediocre middle, and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss, although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch.
BAD They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end.
BAD Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more, so there is lots of blood, lots of gore, and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video.
FAIR It's not quite torture porn, but there are lots of flying body parts to play with. And that flyin' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it.
BAD The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite.
FAIR your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating.
GOOD Unflinchingly nasty, graphic and gut-wrenchingly powerful, Snowtown is a film that dares you to look away, but compels you to keep watching. As portraits of serial killers go, this deserves to be hung on the wall next to Henry.
GOOD The grimy social realism and gurgling torture scenes place director Justin Kurzel's startling debut midway between Animal Kingdom and Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
GOOD The film is a chilling study of an evil, dominant personality and his victims.
FAIR It has no particular observations about the mind of psychopaths that is worth the incredibly nasty feeling you get from sitting through its incredibly grim two hours.
FAIR Although it builds quiet, thick suspense and lacks the bravado and sensationalism of most films of the genre, that doesn't always work to its advantage.
BAD Overlong and grim to the point where some scenes are virtually unwatchable...
FAIR This distressing infiltration of a family of young boys by a charismatic psychopath rewards with a stylistic talent that feels entirely new.
FAIR the ghastly glee of The Snowtown Murders comes not in the kills, but in the stalking of one's true prey.
GOOD The Snowtown Murders builds into a multipronged horror effort in which the torture and murder on-screen are matched by the psychologically convincing disintegration of a previously sympathetic protagonist.
FAIR A movie that heaps so much dank atmosphere on its suburbanites, you can't help but sigh with relief when events turn to serial killing (finally?).
FAIR Whatever one ends up thinking about The Snowtown Murders, it's difficult to deny that it's a deeply impressive work.
GOOD Layer in the realisation that what you are seeing actually happened and the result takes you beyond disturbing into that place where your skin starts to creep and your brain crawls into the foetal position.
GOOD It's mesmerising in the way a snake mesmerises its prey before striking.
FAIR It's the escalating sense of claustrophobia and dread that really crawls under the skin: with grimy visuals and a pulsating soundtrack proving particularly powerful in the by and large sensitively handled killing scenes.
GOOD Snowtown offers a bleak, brutal exploration of the way morality can be skewed and innocence corrupted by neglect, hardship ... and the presence of a charismatic psychopath.
GOOD A true story told with rare skill by a new director from whom a great deal more will be heard.
BAD However disquieting the film (based on the story of Australia's worst serial killer, John Bunting), it's also - inconveniently - awfully boring.
FAIR It's slow but atmospheric and memorable.
GOOD Snowtown presents a world of moral nightmare and sits us right inside it, to feel the pulse and processes of evil as if they were our own.
GOOD It's one of the most disturbing movies of our moment, not just for the true-crime subject, but because Kurzel's searing technique and expertise with actors get so far under your skin.
FAIR Thought provoking, but leeringly nasty and deeply unsettling. This is one that will linger with you for days.
GOOD This oppressive account is one of the most effective and uncompromising horrors of human essence of recent years - a powerful testament to the talents of all involved.
GOOD It reminded me, oddly, of Richard Fleischer's sordid history of John Christie in 10 Rillington Place - here is the killer; here is his shabby habitat, and here are his crimes.
GOOD Powerfully directed and superbly written, this is a genuinely disturbing, emotionally draining serial killer drama with a stunning central performance from Daniel Henshall.
FAIR Snowtown brings cold comfort.
GOOD 'Snowtown' is an uncomfortable film to watch, but its sickening suburban horror is made bearable by Kurzel's rigorous restraint...
GOOD Grimly credible, and with more than a few flashes of brilliance, this is a highly impressive, upsetting debut. Just be warned - its chief currency is cold, numbing horror.
GOOD Its grimly realistic style may be off-putting to some viewers, but this is a convincing and effective portrayal of a serial killer.
GOOD Terrific performances, especially from the menacing, lazily charismatic Henshall, and debut director Kurzel's expressionist storytelling make for an Aussie film well worth hunting down.
FAIR This grim Aussie thriller derives unnerving power from the unspoken truths during tense silences, ominously closing doors that seal fates, and the disturbing banality of evil.
GOOD Snowtown is an absolutely mesmerising, uncompromising crime-movie masterpiece. Understated in style, chilling in effect, devastating in impact...one of the most unnerving serial killer films ever made.
GOOD Definitely, and defiantly, Australia's Next Great Film, and the scariest it has ever produced.
FAIR It is a grim, dark, and sometimes violent gangster film.
GOOD The zaniest of the Panther movies.
GOOD In my book, THE best of the "Pink Panthers"; Sellers is quite hilarious.
GOOD Clouseau finally sends Dreyfus over the edge in what's one of the funniest entries in the series.
FAIR a doomsday device that makes things go away, i think
FAIR The most enjoyable of the '70s Pink Panther sequels.
GOOD Infectiously enthusiastic
FAIR The comedy is broader and more cartoonish than before, but it is as funny as ever.
FAIR An adequate showcase for Peter Sellers' talent, and absolutely nothing more.
BAD Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
FAIR If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
BAD Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not so much as engaging drama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
FAIR The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not always perfectly sharp.
FAIR The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
FAIR confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to know anything
FAIR This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
FAIR Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never properly feel the emotional punch.
FAIR If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't really need to see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
FAIR Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
FAIR A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
GOOD Nao ha como negar que os grandes viloes de Jogo de Poder nao se encontram no Afeganistao ou no Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
FAIR The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
BAD A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
GOOD It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
GOOD Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
BAD There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not allow me to recount them here. Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
GOOD Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
FAIR An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
BAD It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
FAIR The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
GOOD An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
FAIR Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
GOOD A fine political thriller.
FAIR Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
FAIR An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the cliches of the genre.
GOOD While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
BAD It's never clear whether Sean Penn is aware just how annoying his character is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
GOOD Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect. Great star turns, too.
FAIR In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
BAD ...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
GOOD Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human. A Great Political Flick
BAD An example of op-ed cinema. That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
FAIR A docudrama about a historic event that happened not long ago, 'Fair Game' is the story not only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
FAIR An exceptional drama.
GOOD ...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
FAIR Respectable but rather soggy.
BAD If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
BAD Like a flashlight that's running low on juice, you can feel the life oozing out of Nightlight with every faint flicker.
BAD The Blair Witch Project has inspired dozens of imitations and knock-offs, but perhaps none so close to the source -- and yet so uninspired -- as NIGHTLIGHT.
BAD "Nightlight" is a perfect example of a film with interesting ideas that are totally smothered by poor execution.
FAIR Another 1990s domestic parable chastising workaholic dads, The River Wild also functions as a gorgeous travelogue and a Meryl Streep action film.
FAIR A buff Streep vs. bad guy Bacon on a wild river journey in which good acting overcomes several cliches.
FAIR corny but gripping
BAD Terrible "suspense" movie. Predictable and no action until the end.
GOOD It looks like an action movie, sounds like an action movie, but there's a lot more going on here.
FAIR The title promises more than the film delivers.
BAD Constructed from so many ideas, characters and situations recycled from other movies that all the way down the river I kept thinking: Been there. Done that.
FAIR The thriller framework is still familiar, but the results exhibit a welcome freshness.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
GOOD One of the better Bonds; lots of cartoonish violence.
FAIR This is a nice, safe, Bond movie that is trying to please the masses. And it does work as a crowd pleaser. Not among the best Bond, but a solid debut for Brosnan and a worthy entry in the series.
GOOD It doesn't completely lay Bond's psychological complexities naked, cold and bare. But "GoldenEye" can hardly be faulted for occasional concessions to casual entertainment - especially with a superior villain, taut action and an all-time Bond girl.
GOOD A smash hit that brought Bond back to life in a great big enjoyable way.
FAIR Se acerta ao trazer um Bond mais amadurecido, amargurado e auto-consciente, peca terrivelmente por elementos que beiram o trash, como alguns efeitos visuais pavorosos e uma atuacao sensual, mas absurda, de Janssen.
GOOD This is the best bond movie since On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
FAIR Lean, dark and graceful, Brosnan wraps his perfectly calculated accent around all the standard phrases without making us hear quotation marks.
GOOD Fast and light.
GOOD Pierce is fantastic
FAIR ...a solid, sporadically electrifying entry in this ongoing series.
FAIR It's only slightly better than the movies of the last fifteen years or so, but that alone makes it worth seeing. License to Kill was so absolutely horrid, that I'm relieved to see an upswing.
FAIR Execs at MGM/UA can rest easy: the Bond franchise has been successfully salvaged.
BAD Instead of continuing as a comedy of thrills, Goldeneye rapidly disintegrates into an endless series of gratuitous explosions and suspense-free motor vehicle chases, each one louder and less interesting than its predecessor.
FAIR Pierce Brosnan turns in a fine performance, establishing himself as a fine heir to the Bond throne. The plotting isn't as solid as in the best Bond films, but this is still a good time.
BAD If we apply high standards we expect from classic Bond films, Goldeneye is a failure.
FAIR Supercharged with spectacular, thundering, brain-numbing fun.
BAD They have given James a new car here, but it's the same old vanity plate, the one that should read: Je Me Souviens.
GOOD A bold attempt to reinvent the character itself, one that tied in with the post-cold war era.
FAIR traditional enough to leave 007's character alone, but intelligent enough to deal with the fact that he is in new surroundings
BAD A reasonable facsimile more than any kind of original, and it's hard not to feel a certain weariness while watching it unfold.
FAIR It is Bond's encounters with various villains and his romantic interest -- and all those wild stunts -- that fans pay to see. And they won't be disappointed.
FAIR Perhaps the best entry in the series since The Spy Who Loved Me.
FAIR Brosnan uses them well, slipping comfortably into the role of Bond. It's just unfortunate that his debut film couldn't have been more interesting.
FAIR Watching the film, I got caught up in the special effects and the neat stunts, and I observed with a certain satisfaction Bond's belated entry into a more modern world.
GOOD ...an eye and ear-pleasing, action-packed entry in the Bond series
FAIR It is every inch a James Bond story.
FAIR The exotic settings, fight scenes, and car chases are also good, and the supporting cast is admirable.
GOOD It's BS -- Babes and Stunts -- and that's where GoldenEye excels.
FAIR Goldeneye does not disappoint.
GOOD As stylish and sophisticated as ever.
FAIR Slow yet powerful, Nameless Gangster pales in comparison to New World but deserves some credit for making you feel like such a big part of this law breaking family.
FAIR Yoon Jong-bin's film has the epic sweep and detail of a gangster movie like "Scarface," but none of the mythologizing.
GOOD A well-acted, intelligent and riveting thrill ride that will take your breath away. It's one of the most powerful gangster films in years.
BAD Third World Cop shows that Hollywood hackdom isn't that far removed from independent (and foreign) digital video posturing.
BAD ...proof that not just the Americans are capable of churning out cliched action flicks.
GOOD Great suspense thriller.
GOOD Once you see it, you'll have an enthusiastic new response when people ask you "Hmm, what's a good horror movie I've never seen?"
FAIR A Sam Raimi wannabe that doesn't always strike the right balance of humor to thrills, but comes close
FAIR Gets off to a great, scary start, but then turns silly and comical, breaking the film's tone of dread.
FAIR Though this slight but agreeable nail-biter loses a couple steps before its wrap-up, it's not before offering one of the funniest variations yet on the furious neighbor who wonders what's going on in the upstairs apartment.
FAIR a fair first effort
GOOD A clever story of murder and mystery interspersed with various acts of cyber-crime and corporate intrigue, it's the most refreshing thriller in recent memory.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
GOOD The final result is an adaptation that's just about as successful as its literary predecessor, with the film occasionally exceeding the book in a few areas...
GOOD Dragon Tattoo is from the beginning far more about it's hero's than it's villains which is a pleasant change. It's dark and dismal and beautiful and human and everything a crime film should be.
BAD Witless, suit-and-tie porn posing as Great Art.
BAD Do people love the original book so much they're willing to forgive a film that is sorely lacking in substance, motivation, action, tension, ambiguity and style?
GOOD Graphic sexual violence in thrilling subtitled crime drama.
GOOD Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
BAD An overlong, gestating, and sadistic version of a Murder She Wrote episode, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is all hype, confusing shocking imagery for thrilling storytelling.
FAIR Met with much success throughout the world, and one must wonder if its rather old-fashioned mystery feel had something to do with it.
GOOD It's not surprising David Fincher has put his hand up for the remake, as the subject material is right up his alley, a la Seven and Zodiac but an English-language remake seems so pointless (as usual) given the quality here.
BAD [W]hile the film offers silly fun for a while, its ultimate schizophrenia and self-seriousness become its undoing.
FAIR The film version by director Niels Arden Oplev is a faithful adaptation of the novel...perhaps too faithful to work completely as cinema, but well-produced nonetheless.
FAIR Director Niels Arden Oplev recognizes Larsson's affinity for the structure of American mysteries, and gives the film a slick Hollywood pacing that keeps it constantly driving forward without ever sacrificing the inherent brains or guts of the story.
GOOD A stylish mystery that both conforms to the genre and departs from it in interesting ways.
GOOD It may not address every need of a commercially conscious viewer, but those with enough patience will be rewarded with something rich - and revelatory.
FAIR An engaging thriller that makes the most of its complex characters, [but] it's still not as good as the book.
GOOD Nothing beats a good whodunit.
GOOD ...while all of the performances are strong, Rapace owns this movie and this character, to the point that casting anyone else as Lisbeth seems ridiculous.
GOOD I'll happily sit for two more movies featuring this pair; I only wish there could be more.
GOOD The movie takes its time entangling a reporter-turned-investigator and a hacking punkette into its multigenerational family mystery, but once it gets there it becomes a solid, old-fashioned slab of detective fiction.
GOOD A chilling detective tale, a horrific sexual abuse drama and an overlong, emotional, tie-up-every-loose-end melodrama that is sure to be half an hour shorter when Hollywood remakes it without Swedish dialogue and probably without the cool Swedish edge.
GOOD The Swedish thriller 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' miraculously causes the adjectives 'convoluted' and 'implausible' to become positive
GOOD A Hollywood version would have gone right for a blood-spattered prologue, while this Swedish version (faithful to the best-selling book by Stieg Larsson) slowly builds its chills, creating an overwhelming feeling of dread.
GOOD The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo takes one on a journey down the icy roads to hell, with a dogged, investigative journalist and an avenging punk angel -- an odd couple par excellence.
FAIR The picture, reduced to a black-and-white kind of manhunt, is visually black-and-white as well. It's set in the snowy landscape of rural Sweden, where the self-effacing and pale-faced Blomkvist blends into the wintry scenes.
FAIR A lurid, painstakingly rendered episode involving the 'girl's' sexually abusive probation officer is redundant and suspect; it offers a chance to identify with a leering abuser even as it encourages a lust for revenge.
FAIR Reminiscent in tone and execution of a well-worn Agatha Christie novel, as it should be.
GOOD None of its 146-minute running time is dull, each turn of the plot makes sense, and the outcome of just about everything is extremely satisfying.
FAIR It's a rare phenomenon on American screens: a paranoid, vigilante-glamorizing left-wing vision. I just wish its heroine had been given emotional shadings beyond suffering, rage and sullen endurance.
GOOD ... a sensational, spine-chilling thriller that will leave you clenching the arms on your theater chair until your knuckles turn white.
GOOD The film belongs to Noomi Rapace, who creates one of the most fascinating screen creations in recent memory
GOOD Built in the Hollywood tradition, it's a dark and relentless thriller, and one of the most engaging and accessible foreign films to come along since Tell No One.
GOOD Rapace's haunting, enigmatic Lisbeth is the element that leaves you eager for the next two installments. She's fantastic, and so is the movie.
FAIR A slick thriller with a surfeit of craftsmanship, rather more entertaining, perhaps, than it is memorable or "good".
GOOD The storytelling intelligent, and the two leads are endlessly watchable. The casting is impeccable.
FAIR Spy thriller mixes nonstop violence with pro-family message.
FAIR It's Ford and Patriot Games that made Jack Ryan a top-notch action hero and not just a capable CIA nerd.
FAIR Ford gives one of his most commanding performances outside of a Lucas production, establishing an action formula Ford would repeat...[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Not bad. Pretty intense ending.
FAIR E sempre bom ver um filme de acao que se preocupa em desenvolver seus personagens.
FAIR It ain't exactly saving the world, but Patriot Games's earnestness belies its ultimate simplicity and smallness.
GOOD Great Tom Clancy adaptation
FAIR Enjoyable thriller that has Jack Ryan (Harrison Ford) going head to head with terrorists.
FAIR I expected this one to be a little more cerebral and without the Indiana Jones ending.
FAIR An enjoyable, tense and sometimes stylish action film, but lacks the depth of characterization and technical proficiency that made Hunt a superior work.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never far from redoubtable moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland. Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't too serious to throw in an occasional gag. Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
BAD Dream House has been sold as a ghost movie but in reality, it is a psychological thriller mystery with a really bad ending.
BAD The only real mystery is why some A-list actors and a director of Jim Sheridan's calibre would even ponder working on such an uncalled-for project in the first place.
BAD So much is just so...obvious.
BAD At least Weisz and Craig wound up married after this mess.
BAD "Dream House" is a mess of a film. This is not only because its writing is amateurish, but also because the film itself seemed like it was someone's first attempt at putting a film together.
BAD Dream House is not the film it was advertised as, but beyond the wonky finale, reshoots, and strange editing there is an interesting tale to be told here.
BAD It's little surprise that Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz disowned this turgid, woefully inept thriller which idiotically gave away its big reveal in the trailer.
BAD This is the kind of thing that happens when there is a squabble about who controls a movie. Director Jim Sheridan bickered with studio over how scenes in this thriller should be shot, and scenes were redone after test audiences reacted negatively.
BAD This is one property you'd do well to stay away from.
BAD It's daft and nonsensical. But it's that silliness and the sheer calibre of cast that ensure this has a certain car-crash watchability about it.
BAD The fragile hope that we might have a grown-up horror movie on our hands is smashed to smithereens.
BAD This is a workmanlike movie that is never quite scary enough, and never quite ingenious enough, though the four leads do an honest enough job.
BAD An intriguing twist livens things up midday way but the mood is almost oppressively melancholy and the plot doesn't stack up.
BAD Crowbarred into the standard haunted house chills is a supposed twist that feels like Shutter Island written for drunk people.
BAD A disappointing psychological thriller that's had all its noteworthy twists completely ruined by its trailer.
BAD An utter waste of time and talent.
BAD The film eventually descends into such violin-fuelled melodrama that it becomes a convoluted alternative to Kenneth Branagh's Dead Again.
BAD The premise may err on the daft side but it's played with conviction and an atmosphere of bleak dread is carefully evoked if not maintained until the final credits.
BAD A well-acted but ramshackle mess.
BAD Like most of its ilk, this starts off nicely but doesn't hold up to close rational scrutiny.
BAD There's an intriguing idea here, but this thriller feels like it has been compromised in the test-screening phase, resulting in a badly muddled plot.
BAD ...the incongruously over-the-top finale only confirm[s] the film's place as a hopelessly misguided piece of work.
BAD 'Dream House' attempts to answer a question no one was asking. How long can a twist ending last? After the reveal, it's just a weird waste of time.
BAD Between its tell-all trailer and its tell-all poster, there's not much to tell about Dream House except that it's a crushing disappointment considering all the Herculean talent on display.
BAD This film is a confounding mess despite its impressive cast and director.
BAD It's not a bad movie, but it's been undone by incredibly stupid marketing.
BAD The movie tries to generate suspense where none exists; creepy music and clanging metal sound effects play over top of scenes where nothing is happening.
BAD Abruptly shifts midway from half-hearted haunted-house chills to sub-Hitchcock mind games.
BAD I want to defend Dream House, but it's just -- well, kind of indefensible.
FAIR Dream House offers poignant look at madness.
BAD A completely ineffective and in no particular way incompetent movie that has absolutely no excuse not to be very good.
BAD Starts out with an interesting premise but then the whole thing just falls apart.
BAD a rather lumbering vehicle that runs primarily on formula and (pseudo)psychological ploys that we have seen too many times at this point to warrant much excitement.
BAD The final wheeze of the J-horror-inspired domestic thrillers that ran rampant a few years back.
FAIR Clearly it's one of those movies being dumped in September, but thanks to the cast, I was never bored.
BAD Was the screenplay, credited to David Loucka, this schizophrenic from the beginning? Or was some major tampering/reworking done at some point?
BAD The accumulating weirdness never becomes all-pervasive eerieness, much less terror, though Craig gives Will's descent into confused madness a raw and potent edge of despair
BAD Hard to believe such a hokey, stupid film could attract so much talent.
BAD A suspense thriller that's neither thrilling nor suspenseful.
BAD ... one of those neither/nor concoctions that usually results when a non-genre director goes slumming ... Sheridan's first fright film, when not outright hilarious, is neither chilling nor compelling.
BAD Tiresome and tedious, it's destined to foreclosure.
BAD The real mystery here is how this mess of a movie got such a stellar cast.
BAD ...it's rather stunning to note that a North American studio thought that this garbage heap of a movie was worth releasing on home video.
GOOD Chris Carter had the daunting task of pleasing fans of the show, while at the same time not alienating those new to it. It's a balancing act that he mostly achieved, but in the end it's probably best enjoyed by those who are already fans.
BAD I want to believe this latest X-Files film was created for a reason other than financial reward, but I find it difficult to guess at what that reason might have been.
FAIR ...lives up to the standard set by its small-screen predecessor's superb early seasons.
BAD Some fans will be pleased, others annoyed and endless online discussion will be generated, while X virgins will most likely wonder what all the fuss is about.
BAD One big, vaguely ominous blur, in which nothing really seems to be at stake except Chris Carter's future as a movie creator.
FAIR If you watch the show religiously, you've probably already seen it this weekend.
BAD A huge disappointment.
GOOD It's a great way to relieve the anxiety that the series' endless mysteries have built.
FAIR The sci-fi action movie probably has little to offer those not already hooked on the series. Trust me.
FAIR What UFO conspiracy movie would be complete without a scene of the heroes running through a cornfield with helicopters chasing them?
GOOD This movie is thrilling and delightfully complex.
GOOD The whole enterprise is constructed of equal parts brains and heart -- and the end result shows a high degree of commitment and affection.
FAIR The X-Files isn't likely to go down in history as as great sci-fi flick, but it harbors enough good fun to qualify as a jolt of sprightly, brainless summer entertainment.
FAIR I never thought I'd come to write this: this is movie isn't Hollywood enough.
BAD It can't decide whether it wants to satisfy those with an obsessive special interest or those looking for a spectacle, and I can't decide if it will satisfy either.
BAD Had the creator of The X-Files set out to prove that tiny theorem, he couldn't have done a better job.
FAIR David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are enormously sympathetic heroes.
FAIR The paradox of both the show and the movie is that, like its investigative protagonists, it is both hysterically paranoid and rigorously rational.
BAD Who hasn't walked into a movie late and tried desperately to catch up with the plot, to make sense of what's on the screen?
BAD funny and edgy and absorbing
FAIR Both Duchovny and Anderson are much better here, as they actually exhibit more personality and charm and less of the one-note mumbling that plagues their TV performances.
FAIR One of the more interesting summer adventures to come along.
BAD Instead of living up to the hype that the truth would be revealed, the truth was buried and I'm not even interested in looking for it further.
FAIR One of the season's more lightly enjoyable mainstream offerings.
FAIR As pure movie, The X-Files more or less works. As a story, it needs a sequel, a prequel, and Cliff Notes.
GOOD I'm a huge devotee of the series, so it's a little tough to be objective, but I think the movie is self-contained enough not to confuse those who aren't.
FAIR Despite its complexity, it is fun to watch the story unfold.
FAIR No better, indeed no different, than a two-hour special on TV would have been.
FAIR The labyrinthine plot got so outlandish at times that our audience started laughing at it.
FAIR It's really not worth going into the performances of Duchovny and Anderson. Basically, they act intense, surprised and smart.
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles. Actions, not ideas. And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics. Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela". Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events." It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
GOOD An exercise made by an enormously talented constructor of thrillers in the most fertile period of his career.
GOOD The risk with clever thrillers is always that they will focus on pleasing the intellect at the expense of developing more depth. Dial M For Murder is a different kind of animal.
GOOD Milland's sinister sophistication catches the eye, but Kelly's subtly shaded suffering is superb.
FAIR Ray Milland is great as cold fish Tony Wendice, a former tennis pro who plans to bump off his adulterous wife. Still, Grace Kelly is mis-cast (or misdirected) as the spouse in question.
GOOD The depth of focus, framing of characters and objects and use of the claustrophobic sets add extra pleasure to what was already a thoroughly enjoyable "perfect crime" nail-biter.
GOOD The set-up is ingenious and the "kill" scene genuinely thrilling.
GOOD Grace Kelly reaches out into the audience for murder scissors; foreground tea tables all but clonk your knees; a tell-tale door key - how many Hitchcock revelation moments feature those! - is brandished inches from your nose.
FAIR Second tier Hitch perhaps, but no less enjoyable for it, and still a marvel of cinematic technique.
FAIR Despite Hitchcock's own reservations this is definitely worth a look. Interesting to his aficionados and darkly funny and depressing in turns.
GOOD A tightly wound psychological parlour game, expanded only slightly from its claustrophobic stage roots.
GOOD Dial M for Murder is often dismissed as lesser Hitchcock, yet its intricate plot and sterling performances thrill me every time I watch it.
FAIR Based on a magnificently intricate script ... it benefits immensely from Hitchcock's razor-sharp direction.
FAIR ...a completely watchable yet less-than-consistent effort from Hitchcock...
FAIR In Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder, even the innocent have poker faces.
GOOD Lower case Hitch, but diverting and sleek.
FAIR While it's true that Hitchcock left most of the play's dialogue intact and kept the single setting of the play's apartment, he did quite a bit more to bring the story to life.
GOOD Critics seem to prefer the more theatrical, psychological melodramas to the brainy whodunits. But pay no attention - this film is definitely a classic
FAIR Not first-class Hitchcock, but not bad, either
FAIR This staid melodrama falls far below Hitchcock's standards.
FAIR A merely adequate Hitchcock thriller.
GOOD A rare and exciting experience.
GOOD [Hitchcock] tried once before, in Rope, to build up a whole continuous drama in one set. He wasn't as successful in that venture. Dial M has all the space it needs.
GOOD Even now, it's distinctly unnerving.
GOOD groundbreaking and ahead of its time
GOOD The shower sequence, the shrieking score, Anthony Perkins, that twist ending... Psycho remains a stone-cold classic.
GOOD It's not hardly Hitchcock at his most flawless, but not a single film he ever made... is so absolutely flattening as a total experience.
GOOD Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho set the standard and post-modern horror has been hobbling to catch up ever since.
GOOD Horror masterpiece definitely isn't for young kids.
GOOD ...lives up to its reputation as one of the most entertaining and suspenseful horror films of all time...
GOOD Hitchcock's manipulative classic of "pure cinema" does have a heart that pumps human blood, in its sublime parlor scene between Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh.
GOOD The best that can be said is there are bats in the belfry and a well-preserved corpse in the basement. What else can one do but scream?
GOOD Masterful suspense and horror from one of the greats.
GOOD It's a darkly amusing, manipulative film that's still compelling in its vision of human desperation.
GOOD Always worth another look, especially on the big screen.
GOOD Look into Janet Leigh's eye after the shower scene and be amazed how fresh this black-and-white ghoulish chic seems in the saccharine surroundings of modern cinema.
GOOD It blazed a bloody trail for the much-loved slasher cycle, but it also assured us that a B-movie could be A-grade in quality and innovation.
GOOD I'd wager there aren't any films that have been more analyzed than Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.
GOOD The music, the setting, the shower scene, the mother in the cellar... everything about this iconic film has passed into cinema history.
GOOD You can bet that everyone who's ever seen it immediately feels their heart start to pound when they're in the shower and hear someone enter the bathroom.
GOOD One of the Greek Gods of the horror genre
GOOD The prolific, adventurous Hitchcock, who never tired of experimenting with his camera and tone, is at his best in Psycho.
GOOD Certainly Hitchcock's most popular, and with good reason.
GOOD one of the greatest
GOOD One of the greatest horror films ever made.
GOOD Classic Hitchcock built on two key scenes and one brilliant performance.
GOOD With his toothpick build and childish voice, Bates appears to be little more than a shy coward, making the revelation of his psychotic nature shocking.
GOOD A classic. You kinda wish the final reveal were a bit more subtle, but it always works.
GOOD It's marvelous. Pioneered so many bits of the genre that it's lost without the proper context.
GOOD The original slasher movie.
GOOD ...more than the great granddaddy of all slasher films; it is a great thriller, a great black comedy, and a lesson in filmmaking.
GOOD I understand that the gods of film will rain fire down upon my head when I say this, but I didn't think Psycho was as good as it was supposed to be.
GOOD Gripping and irrevocably gruesome fare played to perfection by a top notch cast.
BAD There are lots of slasher movies better than this.
GOOD It is a horror film, but it's a Tim Burton horror film. Make no mistake about that.
BAD Burton piles on the artistic gore for this rendition. He just forgets to add the terror.
GOOD The quirks of this Sleepy Hollow prevent it from ever being truly scary, but what they do make it is a quintessentially Burton film.
FAIR A film which looks great but, in the end, is not the sum of its body parts.
FAIR often feels akin to the Hammer horror movies made in England during the 1950s and 1960s, the spooky/gory spectacles that broke new ground in presenting on-screen violence.
FAIR The Burton trademark special effects are typically fun, but the late release and lackluster performances make Sleepy Hollow feel exactly like its title: sleepy and hollow.
FAIR Gorgeous to watch, but lacking in a sound emotional core.
GOOD A spooky gothic horror tale with first-rate production design.
FAIR Even though Sleepy Hollow takes hair-raising liberties with the great Washington Irving story on which it is based, it is nonetheless a ripping good ghost story.
FAIR It's really too bad the script stinks.
BAD Sleepy Hollow has an aesthetic that seems based on album covers. It doesn't feel like the work of an artist in any way.
FAIR Not devilishly funny enough to be a black comedy, not remotely scary enough to be an effective thriller, and too deficient in chemistry to be any kind of a romance.
GOOD Even when the narrative stalls from too many detours and decapitations, Sleepy Hollow is gorgeous filmmaking that brims over with fun-house thrills and ravishing romance.
FAIR The pace and tension are both kept up throughout the film, aided and abetted by Danny Elfman's dramatic score and the remarkable visuals.
BAD As heroic failures go, it's up there with the best.
GOOD Pretty cool flick.
FAIR History will recognize the rich imagination and secret tenderness of Burton's best films.
GOOD Danny Elfman's music is haunting and jaggedly elegiac, the perfect underpinning to the movie's look.
GOOD The best-looking horror film since Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula.
FAIR The story carefully sets up the question of rationality versus superstitious spirituality.
GOOD Just enjoy Sleepy Hollow for the gothic delight that it is.
FAIR Burton wins us over with the bravura of the film's rich atmosphere and nightmarish imagery.
FAIR Very stylistic, exciting and entertaining, Tim Burton weaves an entirely new spin on the Washington Irving classic.
FAIR The latest magnum horror opus from the mixed-up mind of Tim Burton is an fx feast for the eyes, but leaves a hollow spot in the spiritual soul.
FAIR Visually astonishing.
GOOD The offbeat crannies of Tim Burton's mind are worth visiting, and he knows how to take us into them.
GOOD Depp is as good here as he was in Ed Wood and Donnie Brasco, which means the movie has a lot more going for it than special effects, as sizzling as they are.
FAIR Burton's film is black and vermilion eye candy for spooky kids everywhere, a goth-tart for the masses.
FAIR Mediocre plot or not...this is not an ordinary run of the mill day at the chop shop!
GOOD An incredibly fascinating, star-making film that never fails to intrigue.
GOOD Donnie Darko is a bit like a teenager: brooding, complex, rebellious, and difficult to comprehend.
GOOD Maybe Richard Kelly's fate is to be the cult-film circuit's Michael Cimino. He has yet to match the mood or magnitude of his debut - a collision of time-travel sci-fi, commentary on '80s malaise and teen angst that's simultaneously witty and poignant.
GOOD The drowsy surrealism and elaborate inconclusiveness of Donnie Darko will simultaneously guarantee it a rabid cult and put it way off limits to the don't-get-its.
BAD You either love it or hate it. For those who loved it, I have only one word: overrated.c
GOOD Donnie Darko ranks among Gattaca, Pi and Dark City for pure imagination -- and surpasses them for astonishing execution.
GOOD If you believe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Anya, there's something very malevolent about bunnies.
GOOD Em seu longa-metragem de estreia, Richard Kelly prova ser nao apenas um roteirista repleto de imaginacao, mas tambem um diretor inteligente e talentoso - e Jake Gyllenhaal e um ator fascinante.
GOOD A mini-masterpiece that marks the arrival of brave new talents in Gyllenhaal and Kelly. Cult glory beckons.
FAIR An unnerving, electrifying debut film from 26-year-old writer/director Kelly, one that elucidates the universal traumas of growing up, but does so with a startling uncommonness.
FAIR You're either going to pay to see it twice or wonder what all the fuss is about.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
GOOD Twisty, disturbing mix of John Hughes and James Cameron is an unsettling meditation on fate -- and the debut of a major talent.
GOOD A deceptive combination of all sorts of tones that seems like a stylistic jumble while keeping up a restrained front and never resorting to easy hyperactivity.
GOOD Dark, interesting and downright weird film that plays like a teen movie filtered through the work of David Lynch.
GOOD An astonishingly imaginative, poignant, genre-defying tale of teen love, insanity and time travel.
FAIR Donnie Darko promises a feast, but when the film ends, you are left only with the scraps.
GOOD This movie disappeared without a trace at the American box office in October last year, which is a shame.
GOOD An honest, humorous, bittersweet, disturbing look at the confusion of adolescence.
GOOD The movie is made up of odd parts that somehow go together perfectly. One of the most important films about teenagers ever.
FAIR As much as I admire the work of both Polanski and Nicholson, I found Chinatown tedious from beginning to just before the end.
GOOD Polanski's telling of his tale of corruption in LA is masterly - thrilling, humorous and disturbing at the same time - and brilliantly played by John Huston and Faye Dunaway as well as Nicholson.
GOOD See this film as many times as you can. Please.
GOOD Unmissable.
GOOD Trust Polanski to make disillusionment seductive - rather more luxuriantly so than Billy Wilder ever managed.
GOOD Unforgettable.
GOOD A neo-noir classic.
GOOD one of the great masterworks of '70s American cinema and an apex of the decade's obsession with genre revisionism
GOOD Intrigue and suspense are the order of the day, and nothing is as it appears. Inscrutable, to be sure, and a wonderfully entertaining motion picture.
GOOD Great hardboiled detective film. Not for kids.
GOOD Jack Nicholson gives one of his best performances as Jake Gittes, possessing an old school charm that none of his peers can match.
GOOD A landmark blend of acting, directing, structure and design. Chinatown is the greatest detective movie ever made.
GOOD The greatest film of 1970s cinema's golden era (that wasn't made by Martin Scorsese).
GOOD This is a never-bettered noir masterpiece.
GOOD Is Chinatown the best private eye film ever? It may well be. Nearing its thirty-fifth anniversary, it deserves a reconsideration and a celebration.
GOOD Beyond all the "masterpiece" rhetoric, this is actually a great movie.
GOOD The exhaustive, labyrinthine narrative is built up like a fortress around this film's bitter heart.
GOOD A film that truly defines the term classic.
GOOD The hard-boiled private eye coolly strolls a few steps ahead of the audience.
GOOD Brilliant filmmaking. Polanski's direction of Robert Towne's script makes a masterpiece.
GOOD Superbly crafted Polanski.
GOOD One of those rare films where it's difficult to find flaws even if you're looking for them.
GOOD Arguably Hollywood's finest noir thriller.
GOOD A modern classic that stays true to private eye-movie conventions while digging way, way, deep underneath them.
GOOD classic noir
GOOD A new private-eye melodrama that celebrates not only a time and a place (Los Angeles) but also a kind of criminality that to us jaded souls today appears to be nothing worse than an eccentric form of legitimate private enterprise.
GOOD Chinatown incorporated themes from two eras, but the result is a film for the ages.
GOOD It takes a Herculean effort to transform this type into a character and to replace the formula with a story, and Chinatown's success in both of these regards is one of the reasons it is universally viewed as a classic.
GOOD You've got to love a film that trusts its audience's intelligence as much as Chinatown does.
GOOD Not only one of the greatest detective films, but one of the most perfectly constructed of all films.
GOOD It has an involved plot, interesting characters, steely direction, and on-the-mark acting.
GOOD Amounts to an amazing achievement of cinematic storytelling.
GOOD [Nicholson's] performance is key in keeping Chinatown from becoming just a genre crime picture--that, and a Robert Towne screenplay that evokes an older Los Angeles.
GOOD The sharp, if expletive-ridden, dialogue in Oliver Stone's script and the vivid cinematography of John A Alonzo help make De Palma's urban shocker a modern-day classic.
GOOD One fundamentally dishonest character choice launched a billion-dollar industry. But it hardly sours a film that became a garishly ghoulish, bleakly funny and compulsively watchable template for modern-criminal deconstructions of the American Dream.
FAIR one of Brian DePalma's best films
FAIR ...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...
GOOD One of the best gangster dramas ever made, driven by Pacino's haunting performance and De Palma's lightning pace.
GOOD the very definition of excess, which is perhaps why it has persisted so long as a cultural totem: Its florid pleasures can never be exhausted
GOOD Extremely violent '80s crime classic with drugs, sex, etc.
GOOD Still a must-see for Pacino's potent and influential performance.
GOOD Scarface has become a touchstone of pop culture, one of the half dozen or so most frequently referenced films of our era.
GOOD This almost Jacobean tale of drug gangsters in 1980s Miami is rather too long for the points it makes, but is nevertheless riveting and still, after 26 years, remarkably fresh.
GOOD Pacino's drug-crazed, bloodshot performance gives this gangster movie a terrifying edge.
FAIR [Pacino's] grandstanding performance is still hard to resist and symbolises the baroque excess of this shockingly violent gangster classic.
FAIR As overrated as it is overlong.
GOOD To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.
FAIR Viewed today, while Scarface seems less shocking than it did during its initial theatrical run, it's no more substantive or interesting.
GOOD Pacino, of course, goes way over the top and through the floor on the other side.
GOOD Although the film depicts a nightmarish world, it's also very funny.
FAIR An unashamed study of selfish, sadistic criminality, and all the better for it.
BAD Ugly and overrated
GOOD Any list of classic guy movies would be incomplete without an appearance from Brian De Palma's Scarface.
FAIR Stylish ultra violence = one popular film for many, sad to say.
GOOD The most frantic and assured film of Brian De Palma's impressive career.
FAIR To be honest, Scarface isn't exactly what you could call a 'good' movie. It's overwritten, overacted and overdirected (not to mention overlong). And yet, against the odds, it still works.
GOOD Pacino, em mais um de seus grandes momentos, transforma Montana em um icone do genero e da decada de 80, conduzindo um filme que seria fartamente copiado nos anos seguintes.
FAIR As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.
GOOD What were Pacino's detractors hoping for? Something internal and realistic? Low key? The Tony Montana character is above all a performance artist, a man who exists in order to gloriously be himself.
BAD DePalma loves blood and guts-nothing wrong with that!
FAIR Subtle it ain't, but just try turning your eyes away from this study in stylistic excess.
FAIR A coked-up version of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II without a family to feel sympathy for.
FAIR At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth
GOOD An undeniably effective, visceral experience.
GOOD The definitive modern gangster movie. Pacino's powerhouse role. Meet my little friend!
BAD It replaces the fascinating context of Freddie Krueger's existence with a seemingly endless exercise in violence and unrelenting pain.
BAD The real nightmare is the tragic lack of creativity in this new look of one of the genre's greatest characters.
BAD I still like the characters from the first film, and these kids were cardboard shadows of them.
BAD This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of cliched shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.
BAD This flimsy remake is a nightmare and unworthy of your time.
FAIR Many people have already made the mistake of holding this film up to the original, expecting it to be just as good, but it just isn't. However, taken on its own, it's still an entertaining horror film and an interesting take on the material.
FAIR An homage to Craven's vision that is believably earnest in execution and completely faithful in spirit.
FAIR Mara and Gallner make an attractive couple on the lam and Haley, as Freddy Krueger, hams it up to an almost alarming degree.
BAD For fans of the Nightmare franchise, and slasher films in general, the new version does exactly what you want and not much more.
BAD This is even less inspired and imaginative than the Friday The 13th reboot and makes Rob Zombie's Halloween films feel like the work of an auteur.
BAD For a film about the dangers of falling asleep it tried damn hard to make the audience nod off.
BAD Like many horror fans, I approached viewing the recent remake of the post-slasher classic with extremely low expectations. Not low enough, though!
BAD ...it has nothing new to say and works with an original that didn't need remaking.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Haley just ain't no Englund, no matter how much he tries.
BAD In this outing, however, Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer's screenplay pulls no punches about Freddy's vicious sadism and paedophilia and, seriously, there's no fun in that.
BAD Lo%u0161e odra%u0111ena indigo-kopija originala, od strane ne ba%u0161 iskusnog videospota%u0161a Samuela Bayera
BAD An expectedly worthless horror-movie remake from Michael Bay's production company...
BAD Compared to the flamboyance of Robert Englund in the 1980s, Jackie Earle Haley as the crazed Freddy Krueger is more lumbering man-child than demonic daddy.
BAD This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
BAD Only a NIGHTMARE for fans of the franchise.
BAD Is there any movie franchise that cries out less for revisiting than A Nightmare on Elm Street?
BAD It's not a good film, but if you're feeling jaded and just want to watch a demonic killer pound his fist through the chest of some hapless, cardboard teenager, then this might just scratch that itch.
BAD Do not, let me repeat that, DO NOT, watch the new A Nightmare on Elm Street.
BAD It's the Bay touch you feel in the way actors register as body count, characters go undeveloped, and sensation trumps feeling. A nightmare, indeed.
BAD its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?
BAD To call the film patterned to fit would be a blazing understatement.
BAD A recurring Nightmare.
BAD It's all efficiently done and gory but director Samuel Bayer adds so little to the old familiar scare story that you wonder why they didn't just save a bob or two and reissue the Robert Englund original.
BAD Though no worse than the raft of terrible Elm Street sequels, this remake misses some of the surreal and anarchic low-budget energy Craven brought to his film (not to mention Johnny Depp).
BAD The nightmare on Elm Street is not how scary (or not) the film is, but how it destroys the franchise.
BAD Photocopies much of Wes Craven's original 1984 classic, but makes senseless changes that destroy the story's night-terror integrity.
BAD Caso existisse, Freddy Krueger poderia usar este filme como um otimo recurso para levar suas vitimas ao sono.
BAD The bottom line is that it isn't just Elm Street that's affected; you'll find a nightmare on any street that's housing a theater with the misfortune to be playing this monstrosity.
BAD We watch a bunch of twentysomething catalog-model types with last names for first names impersonate high schoolers who keep getting slashed up in their dreams.
BAD The idea that repressed or concealed knowledge of child abuse can emerge years later to traumatize victims and family members has rarely had more currency, but this slack remake is neither persuasive nor scary.
FAIR Does it matter that the plot is little more than a cynical, machine-tooled retread of the 1984 original? Debut director Samuel Bayer was not hired to dismantle the franchise but to shoot it afresh.
BAD Complete lack of imagination.
BAD Unadventurous, devoid of personality and completely lacking any semblance of imagination, Samuel Bayer's new Nightmare is a textbook exercise straight out of generic horror remakes 101.
BAD He's survived six sequels, a grudge match with Jason Voorhees and a terrible TV spin-off, but this remake may finally finish Freddy Krueger once and for all.
GOOD For those who take their film black...Moral rot gets full play in Lang's 1953 police drama. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A scalding face-full of harsh reality, courtesy Fritz Lang.
GOOD Lang at his cruelest.
GOOD That's the beauty of Lang's moral ambidexterity. He tells the story of a heroic cop, while using it to mask another story, so much darker, beneath.
GOOD In-your-face tough cop-gangster noir yarn features gritty Glenn Ford and great Gloria Grahame.
GOOD Strong noir thriller from the great Lang in his later years.
GOOD Mr. Lang can direct a film. He has put his mind to it, in this instance, and he has brought forth a hot one with a sting.
GOOD May be Lang's greatest American film.
GOOD In many ways, Fritz Lang's The Big Heat, scripted by former crime reporter Sydney Boehm, laid the groundwork not only for "Dirty Harry," but for the whole sub-genre of 'rogue cop' films that began to surface during the Vietnam era.
FAIR Relentlessly depressing and cynical, and although it was well-made, its cruelty made it an uncomfortable experience.
GOOD Perfectly suited to film noir fans who like their stories dark, their characters dark, and their heroes decent but morally tested.
FAIR Visually striking, but also very violent.
FAIR Something borrowed, something bloody. [Blu-ray]
FAIR Tarantino instead relies on delirious, high-octane, imaginative camera work; an anime sequence; and an exhilarating musical soundtrack to punch up a story that loses its intoxicating magnetism well before the final credits roll.
GOOD Kill Bill is a temple of worship -- a devout hymn of praise to crap cinema (which isn't always crappy).
FAIR Kill Bill is pretty stupid, but there are also moments of beauty and brilliance.
GOOD One of the best films of the year, and, when it's all said and done, probably the decade.
FAIR Tarantino is back with his most polished and yet slightly empty effort yet.
FAIR Perhaps the funniest thing about Kill Bill: Volume One is the realization that this ode to ultraviolence and Uma Thurman's feet is probably Quentin Tarantino's most personal film.
BAD Kill Bill isn't human. It's cinema as cinema. Tarantino is like a hyper, too-bright child, worrying you for your attention, jumping from thought to thought in his brain
FAIR Blood spews from bodies like fountains of Chinese fireworks throughout the movie.
GOOD Volume 1 is a pure sugar-rush, an adrenaline-packed needle that injects wild fun into almost every conceivable vein.
FAIR ...a gymnastic ballet of violence and a veritable orgy in blood.
FAIR As kung fu films go, this is one of the best I've ever seen.
GOOD Tarantino returns to the silver screen with the first installment of a bloody two-part tribute to the samurai stories of old... and we're all better for it!
FAIR A bloody, bubble-gum epic with as much dramatic weight as a powder puff.
GOOD 'Filmmaking genius or blood-loving freak? Tarantino is a bit of both ...'
GOOD Brutally bloody and thrillingly callous from first to last.
GOOD An audacious, inventive and relentless action movie.
GOOD ...a movie with such raw ambition and spirit that it literally reinvents the standards of everything it can be associated with.
FAIR 'Tarantino logra un buen trabajo a secas. Ninguna obra maestra, pero si una buena cinta para pasar el rato y reirse de las exageraciones mostradas'
GOOD Confesso que ri ao perceber que daria 5 estrelas para este longa - mas qualquer outra cotacao seria injusta e preconceituosa.
GOOD [Tarentino]'s back in high style, drawing on such sources as martial arts movies and Japanese animation to create a vivid world all his own.
BAD Quentin Tarantino makes terrible movies really, really well.
FAIR But if Kill Bill: Volume 1 is the creation of a director with a lot to show, it's also the work of one with not very much to say.
GOOD Kill Bill, Volume 1 is Quentin Tarantino's amazing fourth film and the first chapter of a tantalizing homage to 1970s action and blaxploitation.
FAIR Tarantino has constructed a highly artificial screen world in which to unfold his funky baroque bloodbath.
FAIR Divided we fall. What Kill Bill Vol. 1 loses in plot, tension, and character development it (almost) makes up for in terms of sheer unadulterated style.
GOOD Simply beautiful to look at and listen to.
FAIR An impressive exercise in style but little more.
GOOD If you can't stand violence in movies, please don't even read this review.
FAIR As wacky action-adventure movies go, this is a good film. But it's the type of work that more than a dozen Hollywood filmmakers could have turned out in less time than it took [director Quentin] Tarantino.
GOOD A strong, well above-average effort in almost every way, there's no evidence at all that Lewton's first brush with money and success dulled his instincts.
GOOD there's a fascination with the ultimate futility of ever being something beyond opportunistic and solipsistic.
GOOD The first and best of the three Val Lewton-Boris Karloff collaborations for RKO.
BAD Even though this film is taken from a modest stage play of a few seasons back, its humors are as stale and mechanical as those of the oldest such farce.
FAIR This is the most elegant and leisurely of the Val Lewton horror films, up until the whopper of an ending.
FAIR Wildly overrated, but elegantly produced horror film
GOOD an intense, disturbing and bleak drama of ecstasy and insanity, all set in a world where, if there is a God at all, it truly requires a leap of faith into the dark to grasp Him.
GOOD A convincing portrayal of a helpless soul wavering between fear and faith, and the madness of murder being perpetrated in the name of Christ.
FAIR [Huller] combines the raw physicality of Michaela's seizures with an emotional confusion as she ponders the cause of her attacks and how to react to them.
GOOD A tragic tale of teen rebellion and misplaced faith, this is a sober and sobering account of a young girl's untimely end, made enthralling by great performances and restrained direction.
FAIR Working from an economical and intelligent script by Bernd Lange , Schmid directs his first feature with the easy conviction that eluded the makers of the preposterous Emily Rose.
GOOD A naturalistic and thrillingly powerful film, with a stand-out performance from Huller at its centre.
FAIR Stage actress Sandra Huller delivers a stunning, understated performance...
GOOD The confusion and panic and everyday interactions in Requiem feel honest and true-to-life, which has nothing to do with how factual it is, or isn't.
FAIR What cannot be debated is the strength of Huller's naturalistic lead performance, a frighteninglyn intense turn that brings to mind Emily Watson's work in Breaking the Waves.
GOOD In lesser hands, Requiem would seem merely bleak, but Schmid makes a rigorously urgent and compelling film out of Michaela's odyssey.
GOOD Based on the same story as The Exorcism of Emily Rose, this is a far more accurate and ultimately much more frightening version of events, with an award-winning performance from Huller.
BAD A demonic posession movie WITHOUT special effects? Horrors!!!
GOOD Bogumil Godfrejow's raw cinematography and (Sandra) Huller's poignant, close-to-the-bone performance transform what might have been a morbid curiosity into an entirely enthralling, quietly terrifying experience.
FAIR You won't find rotating heads and vomit in the exorcism movie Requiem. Instead, German director Hans-Christian Schmid relies on a frighteningly realistic performance by Sandra Huller as blue-eyed blonde Michaela.
FAIR Like The Exorcism of Emily Rose ... Requiem is loosely based on the real-life story of a West German woman who died in 1976 after a series of failed exorcisms.
FAIR Takes the flashback sequences from Exorcism of Emily Rose, removes all the supernatural scares, and tries to keep you interested.
GOOD Just as haunting as a horror film and far more heartrending.
GOOD Progresses in a natural, unforced style that's increasingly creepy and ultimately emotionally shattering.
FAIR Huller's master class in acting is not only a portrait of a holy creature frenzied by otherworldly spirits but a voluptuous reflection of the pressures that accosted so many women of her character's age, time, and devotions.
GOOD The film is incisive about the all-too-mundane social, physical and emotional pressures exacted upon its heroine.
FAIR Sandra Hueller deservedly won an acting prize in Berlin (she could have taken home 'most conflicted character' as well).
FAIR ...never quite as compelling as Huller's performance...
FAIR ...an uneven yet engrossing drama that benefits substantially from the efforts of its unusually impressive roster of performers.
BAD As an exercise in gender de-construction it's a crude bit of irony.
BAD A verbose exercise in profanity that wastes the talent of a bunch of fine actors who sit around and discuss how best to restore the bruised ego of one of their hardened gang.
GOOD This talky crime drama is a searing examination of masculinity and misogyny that is littered with rampant profanity and lashings of humour.
BAD After a while you can see why the wayward wife moved on to fresher prospects. Our man Ray is all talk, no bloody action.
BAD Writers Louis Mellis and David Scinto seem to have been hoping for something along the lines of those Quentin Tarantino scenes where thugs kvetch about pop music and cinnamon buns, but the 44 Inch dialogue is not as clever as Tarantino's...
FAIR With violence on the menu, it's a guilty pleasure to watch these stage-trained hambones unleash a rapid-fire roundelay of righteous indignation.
FAIR The frequently profane dialogue suggests David Mamet on an off-night (so does Malcolm Venville's claustrophobia-inducing direction), though the first-rate cast works hard.
GOOD Every now and then there are perfect moments in cinema. The opening of 44 Inch Chest is one of them.
BAD It's an interesting spectacle, but not enough to carry a movie.
BAD The whole thing feels like middle-period Mamet with English accents, and not much to say.
FAIR Is this a documentary about a porn professional? Or a gym rat? Neither. It's a stagy, half-entertaining, half-tedious acting competition between five excellent Englishmen.
FAIR The talented actors have great fun with the chewy, clever, self-congratulatory dialogue, but it's less enjoyable for the audience, which gets suffocated by the talk, talk, talk.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest puts the spectrum of the male ego on brutally efficient display.
BAD Boasts solid performances and some wickedly funny dialogue, but it's often tedious, underwhelming and fails to pack any real punches.
BAD Think of 44 Inch Chest as a piece of chamber music and you can compensate for the thinness of its story and the lack of visual distinction.
BAD It's an actors' film, as they say -- which is not the same thing as an audience film.
BAD Even a great British cast and obscenity-laden gangland dialogue aren't enough to make what amounts to an extended acting exercise into much of a movie.
FAIR It's sometimes difficult to discern whether the filmmakers are dissecting male bonding, ritualized aggression and sexual anxiety or celebrating it.
BAD The cast to die for is almost entirely wasted in this machismo-marinated slab of Brit-crime nastiness.
BAD This limp psychodrama proves woefully short on character development or narrative structure.
BAD While not wholly unrealistic, it is so untenable as to put off all but the slightly sympathetic.
BAD It looks and feels like a contrived stage play, and a fundamental lack of credibility in the premise makes it difficult to care about anything that happens.
BAD There's a difference between exposing misogyny and crassly exploiting it.
FAIR When faced with his wife's infidelity, Colin (Ray Winstone) enlists his gang of aging pub-crawlers to kidnap, torture and (possibly) kill her younger lover. 44 Inch Chest takes the typical British gangster film and turns it into a David Mamet-ish c
GOOD ...this is a thought provoking bit of cinema, as long as you know what you are getting into.
BAD A great evening at the theatre, maybe. It has enough straight to-camera emotion and anecdote to provide clips for a wealth of acting awards nominations, but too rarely feels like a movie.
BAD Aiming for black comedy and a redemptive satire on self-deluding male machismo, ham fisted debut director Malcolm Venville instead gives his cast enough rope to hang themselves rather than the characters they play.
FAIR 44 Inch Chest is an actor's movie, a chamber piece that spends most of its time in one room, where much is said and little done. It feels like a violent film, although hardly any violence is seen, rather, violence is endlessly discussed.
FAIR Without a crack cast, attempting to pull off a film with such a static, contemplative plot would have been impossible. They succeed, just about, but at times it feels like a dangerous game.
BAD It talks the talk - in fact, it talks and talks and talks the talk. But the walk isn't happening.
FAIR Hard as Winstone visibly tries, he can't stop them stealing the movie, a plum actors' piece which both gains and loses points by soberly stalling its own plot. A thoughtful anticlimax is ... well, still an anticlimax.
BAD Not well thought-out and a genuine disappointment for all its visibility in the popular conversation
BAD ...a movie based on an ending. And if you can't figure out that ending ten minutes into the movie, you aren't paying attention.
BAD The film was a typical seventies sci-fi effort, scientifically illiterate and unimaginatively composed.
FAIR A sluggishly directed look at life and death in the 21st century.
FAIR This futuristic thriller just seems to keep getting better with age. An entertaining sci-fi flick done before special effects took over the genre.
BAD Their 21st-century New York occasionally is frightening but it is rarely convincingly real.
BAD The future never looked as retro...
FAIR It's quite an amusing movie.
BAD The SNL skits are better
FAIR A stoic Heston, a nice turn for Robinson, and see-through ironies.
BAD It would have made a great episode of The Twilight Zone, but feature length is too much for its premise.
GOOD Great sci-fi with a surprisingly environmentalist message -- you have to wonder if Heston paid close attention.
FAIR A thought-provoking movie that is still relevant with the many environmental concerns that are out there now.
GOOD As a science fiction film that relies more on viewers' intelligence than special effects, it represents something that is sorely missed in today's Hollywood.
FAIR Classic science fiction that is well-worth seeing.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
FAIR Um curioso e atipico suspense que traz Sheen em uma performance impecavelmente repulsiva e que tambem se beneficia da atuacao assustadora de Foster, que, com apenas 13 anos, ja se mostrava uma atriz completa.
FAIR This spoof of the great fictional-film detectives offers consistently funny scenes.
GOOD As light and insubstantial as one could wish.
GOOD Generally successful send-up of classic mysteries with a lame finale.
FAIR A sometime funny satire on the old murder-mystery detective series of the 1930s and '40s. Some jokes hit, while others just bomb.
FAIR Hit & miss mystery spoof hits more often than it misses.
BAD Far from great.
GOOD ...pokes fun at every old fictional detective you can think of and every cliche you've ever wanted to red pencil out of a script.
BAD If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
BAD a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
FAIR It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
BAD It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
BAD The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
BAD A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
BAD Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
FAIR By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
BAD Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
BAD It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
BAD A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
BAD After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
BAD While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
FAIR But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
BAD Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
FAIR Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
GOOD A masterpiece of populist filmmaking.
GOOD Yippee-ki-yay, action fans.
GOOD For all its moments of almost overwhelming cheese, Die Hard is still the definitive action thriller.
GOOD The very pinnacle of the '80s action movie, and if it's not the greatest action movie ever made, then it's damn close.
FAIR McTiernan, who directed last summer's Predator, composes the action cleanly and logically, making good use of Jackson DeGovia's elaborate post-modernist set-the building becomes something of a character in itself.
GOOD DIE HARD is a classic film. Simply put, every single thing works.
GOOD Original Bruce Willis violent actioner.
GOOD ...remains one of the most entertaining and flat-out thrilling examples of the action genre...
FAIR Great escapist action, but it's still nothing more than an action movie %u2013 cinema's version of a nice, tasty hamburger.
FAIR The pumped-up, high tech surprise hit of 1988; a triumph of slick direction and lowbrow thrills, marred but not spoiled by a sour aftertaste.
GOOD A seminal action film that created an entire subgenre. Super action, but the key to its success is how it effectively pits Willis' common-man hero against Rickman's haughty arch-villain.
GOOD Every so often a movie comes along whose concept sparks a flood of imitators. Die Hard is such a movie.
GOOD 'A landmark film that breathed life and originality into an area of cinema where only formulas were proven reliable.'
GOOD An explosion-movie classic.
GOOD Superior star vehicle, but utterly insubstantial.
GOOD There's a reason why this film's basic premise has been transplanted to every kind of building or transport known to man: it's just that good.
GOOD An ingenious and ceaselessly self-renewing thriller that surpasses every seeming limitation.
GOOD A landmark action film.
GOOD The best action-thriller of the 20th Century...Willis is THE Man~
GOOD Rent it on Christmas Eve and give that "Wonderful Life" [expletive deleted] a rest for one year.
GOOD Slower to get going than I remembered -- and that's a good thing
GOOD Die Hard is in many ways the perfectly constructed action film, combining interior tension with exterior explosions.
GOOD Oh, man! Is this a classic or what!
GOOD ...practically reinvented the action thriller, or at least resuscitated a moribund genre.
GOOD The granddaddy of a whole genre of action films still remains sharp, tough, and exciting.
GOOD For what it is, this is the top model -- flash, bang, and witty one-liners all included.
GOOD A perfect action movie in every detail, the kind of movie that makes your summer memorable.
BAD Inappropriate and wrongheaded interruptions reveal the fragile nature of the plot and prevent it from working.
GOOD an intelligent game of cat-and-mouse, complete with some proposterous situations, a lot of carnage, some male bonding, one strong woman, lots and lots of one-liners, and it even has a villain coming back from the dead for one last kiss goodnight.
GOOD Though it garnered little attention in theaters, it has become a cult favorite on video.
GOOD As an absurdist take on conspiracy thrillers, it's close to brilliant -- assuming you get the joke, which audiences don't seem to have in 1979.
GOOD Bizarre, fascinating political assassination satire with superb cast
GOOD Winter Kills" isn't exactly a comedy, but it's funny. And it isn't exactly serious, but it takes on the serious business of the Kennedy assassination.
GOOD A real cult classic, this reimagining of the Kennedy assassination asks what might have gone down in an alternate and very similar universe.
FAIR Dark Skies won't totally scratch that itch for a good scare, but it's a welcome treat for those who follow the old X-Files credo, "The truth is out there".
FAIR Dark Skies unveils its horror slowly, creating a suspenseful ride that feels satisfying even though we're traveling a familiar road.
FAIR Dark Skies is a slow-burn paranormal horror film that spends way too much time on setup and not enough on reveal.
FAIR ...the film, for the most part, contains many elements that have been employed in other similarly-themed endeavors...
FAIR The movie promises fireworks--and it delivers.
BAD yet another example of horror that can't make up its mind, and as a result, can't satisfy
BAD Expectations of originality soon cloud over, leading towards the kind of quick ending at 97 minutes which kills any sign of blue sky thinking.
FAIR It's never uninteresting.
BAD A baffling bore.
BAD Zero points for originality, but interestingly messy at the same time.
FAIR There are some good ideas here, just not enough frights.
FAIR An old-fashioned scary movie; a sci-fi horror that is a workmanlike piece of film-making, with some effective shocks, cheerfully borrowing from other sources, most obviously Spielberg.
BAD If the dour home-invasion chiller Dark Skies needs one thing, it's aliens with more novel ideas.
FAIR Dark Skies is a good story, well told and one that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
FAIR A psychological thriller aiming to avoid the straitjacket of formula.
BAD Time and again, Stewart squanders the opportunity to do anything remotely interesting or worthwhile ...
BAD By parading out every tired trope from the sci-fi and horror genres, Dark Skies is unintentional self-parody, and quite dreadful indeed.
BAD Dark Skies is a watchable supernatural thriller with a handful of effectively creepy moments, but it's let down by a cliched script, a lack of imagination and a soporific lead performance from Keri Russell.
FAIR Dark Skies sustains tension by grounding most of the family's torment in reality.
BAD A protracted and tedious build up leads to a mildly unnerving pay-off in this largely uninspired horror movie.
FAIR In this doomy surburban horror the real terrors don't come from space.
FAIR ...now more than ever, terror begins at home -- especially when the evil forces are ruining expensive cuts of meat and overturning gallon jugs of milk onto the floor.
BAD Dire and unsettling, it's ultimately disappointing.
BAD Dark Skies is not only about invading aliens whose psychology is so removed from ours as to make them totally unknowable, it was apparently written by them.
FAIR Effectively unsettling, Dark Skies is a science-fiction thriller that plays like an episode of The Twilight Zone crossed with Poltergeist.
BAD Why do aliens unload the pantry and stack items in the form of an abstract art project, or make little boys wet their pants? Who knows, and who cares.
BAD Dark Skies is a drama of the fraught modern world, but Stewart doesn't tie it together. He just throws it all out there in the hope that something will stick.
FAIR What it lacks in originality, it almost makes up for with strong performances ...
BAD A really dumb movie about aliens among us - but the two kid actors are great!
BAD There's some cool plot points provided by otherwordly expert J.K. Simmons, but they quickly get lost in the shuffle of a boring movie that feels all too familiar.
BAD I can't recommend this to anyone other than hardcore extraterrestrial junkies.
BAD Despite building a tense atmosphere upon a solid premise, Dark Skies is far too unoriginal and vanilla to earn anything more than a casual dismissal.
BAD ... a bland blend of UFO procedural and the original Amityville Horror ... You can't fault Stewart for attempting a more atmospheric, Ray Bradbury approach to the genre. Too bad he, like Mrs. Barrett, is slamming his head against a sliding door.
BAD Blumhouse Productions has codified its horror template to the point that their films are the cinematic equivalent of blues ... you will hear the same 12-bar chord progression, hitting the same beats...
BAD Dark Skies is a good time but hardcore fans of horror and/or sci-fi are not likely to be satisfied with the half bits the film provides.
FAIR DARK SKIES may not be groundbreaking, but there are worse ways to spend a bargain matinee at the movies.
FAIR Ambitious, improbable and very violent cop drama.
FAIR The film ends up as shallow as the thankless love interest role Frances McDormand somehow agreed to play here.
GOOD If Rebel Without a Cause were told from the father's perspective, the result would probably be something like City by the Sea.
FAIR We watch an esteemed actor discovering new nuances. In turn, it's a sublime reminder of the qualities that made Robert De Niro great, not a gimmick.
FAIR O Ultimo Suspeito ganha forca ao tambem funcionar em uma esfera adicional: a do drama familiar.
GOOD ...A showcase for excellent acting by some older, established performers and also some newer faces.
BAD ...a dark, brooding, depressing tale, unrelieved by the humor or irony the writer of a fictional story might have brought to the screen.
FAIR Seeing De Niro back in drama is the high point of this uneven, fact-based film.
GOOD Sombre, unpretentious and quietly moving.
FAIR ...worth checking out for the performances.
BAD The final ten minutes is enough to extinguish my fire for the rest.
GOOD The ending is quite refreshing, as a movie that has contrasted the past and the present optimistically looks ahead to the future.
FAIR The burden falls upon the exceptionally fine cast to infuse the familiar material with emotional truth and a sense of urgency.
FAIR a provocative and gutsy thriller, yet it's hard to escape the feeling that it brings up far more issues ... than it can possibly deal with
FAIR That this tale of family woe, resembling the stuff of Greek tragedy, actually happened makes the film absolutely devastating on a certain level.
FAIR A mix of cop-movie cliches and genuinely good acting.
BAD A meandering gabfest.
FAIR City by the Sea is a good film that yearns to be a great one.
FAIR A film that doesn't just support the action to come, but makes it seem inevitable.
FAIR 'De Niro...is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around.'
FAIR By no means dreadful, but too much an exercise in generic cop movie to be genuinely involving. DeNiro deserves better from a film and DeNiro's audience deserves better from him.
BAD I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays.
BAD If the film had only bothered to take it up a few notches and buck the superficial confines of a flavorless crime saga, then this vehicle would have been a lot more appetizing in its zealous state.
BAD Despite DeNiro showing up from time to time, this flick plays like an Afterschool Special written by Richard Price
FAIR Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off, with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film.
FAIR A true drama that seldom gets swept away by melodrama.
BAD The performances deserve mentioning [because]...there is little else that proves worthwhile.
BAD DeNiro's sporting a mullet! What are you gonna do, Detective Bobby, read me my achy-breaky rights?
FAIR It's a run-of-the-mill cop thriller but also a gripping family drama.
BAD While the movie wears its real-life origins like a badge, the real-life LaMarca story has been so rejiggered in the name of drama that any resemblance to provocative but messy and inconclusive reality is purely coincidental.
GOOD Halloween still remains the greatest horror film of all time.
GOOD Still relevant. Still scary. Make a date on Halloween night to witness cinema's scariest Michael Myers (unless you've seen The Love Guru) causing carnage on the big screen.
GOOD [A] simple but horribly effective low-budget suburban horror ...
GOOD Well worth another look on the big screen.
GOOD ... if there's one John Carpenter film which is a must-see, it's Halloween.
FAIR First Michael Myers slasher fest isn't for kids.
GOOD A seminal slasher that gets better with age.
GOOD To call Halloween merely brilliant isn't giving it enough credit. As a horror film and as a historical milestone that single-handedly shaped and altered the future of an entire genre, it's downright transcendent.
GOOD Virtually perfect. It is the one horror film that I would beg each and every lover of movies to watch, if I could pick only one.
GOOD John Carpenter and Debra Hill's film is a genuine landmark in the horror-thriller genre.
GOOD The movie itself is repressed; Hitchcock would have admired the way Carpenter artfully avoids explicit bloodshed.
GOOD A modern horror classic.
GOOD Regardless of how silly you think it all is, this will have you scared witless by the time the end credits roll; low budget horror hog heaven.
BAD ...the kind of fright flick in which the plodding monster has his victim in his grasp and then inexplicably stabs the couch five feet to the right of her.
GOOD Halloween brilliantly uses its widescreen frame, a lot of hand-held camerawork, and scary foreground and background action.
GOOD One of the scariest movies ever made.
GOOD Halloween is an absolutely merciless thriller, a movie so violent and scary that, yes, I would compare it to Psycho.
GOOD One of the first and the flat-out best of that ghetto of the horror film genre, the slasher movie.
GOOD Even after repeated viewings, Carpenter's minor masterpiece holds up as a staunchly effective thriller that will always stand head and shoulders above the cinematic progeny it spawned.
GOOD very possibly no other seminal seventies film--not The Godfather, not Star Wars, perhaps not even Jaws--has had a greater influence on popular culture.
GOOD A real trick and treat. Genuinely creepy stuff.
FAIR Effective little thriller, but about as far from a great classic as you can get.
GOOD Arguably, the greatest horror film of the past thirty years.
GOOD flawless for what it is: a completely immersive, visceral dynamo of stylistic belly-jiggling and spine-shivering.
GOOD Halloween remains untouched -- a modern classic of the most horrific kind.
GOOD If you've only seen it on network television or it's been more than a few years, do yourself a favour and rediscover this one soon.
GOOD Considered by many to be a modern horror classic, Halloween succeeds through simplicity.
GOOD Singer, like Tarantino, is less into mining new film themes than in re-inventing old ones. And the way he does so shows full well that there is still a bit of life in the old mob movie yet.
GOOD It's a film that demands to be watched again and again -- this is good old-fashioned pulp fiction told in the slickest 1990s style.
FAIR Give director Bryan Singer credit for providing a plot that is not resolved by an exchange of gunfire, but don't expect the movie's glib punchline to stay with you for very long.
GOOD An imaginative, entertaining crime mystery with plenty of nerve and vigor.
GOOD The then 27-year-old Bryan Singer eclipsed most other '90s crime movies with this brilliantly slippery, cerebral thriller.
GOOD It's a nerve-shredding suspense movie about corruption, a bravura actor's show full of deliciously twisted cops and robbers, and a complex riddle packed with unexpected turns.
GOOD It may ultimately make sense; no one could tell without at least four or five viewings. What is totally commanding, however, is the level of ensemble acting [and] the adroitness of the storytelling.
GOOD A masterpiece of the modern film noir genre, a terrific performance piece for everyone involved and an absolutely outstanding directorial effort.
GOOD While it's fair to call The Usual Suspects a gimmick in search of a movie, one could say something similar of, say, an Agatha Christie mystery. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Anything but usual, Singer's movie is pretty damn near untouchable. Next to this, most other crime films feel petty.
FAIR Screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie's tough-guy dialogue and Bryan Singer's crisp direction give the ensemble cast every opportunity to shine, and they do.
BAD Bryan Singer's poker face is worthless at best.
GOOD To many young film buffs, this is where film history begins and ends.
GOOD McQuarrie's script is a scurrying lizard of a yarn, scaly, swift and difficult to follow.
FAIR If ever a movie got extra points for a strong, unexpected conclusion it's The Usual Suspects.
GOOD No one is out of place or out of line here, and that is what makes the final payoff so sweet.
FAIR One of the most ingenious, unpredictable films in recent memory... and one of the biggest cheats.
GOOD It's a real dazzler -- a neo-noir hybrid of a heist and a mystery film that sucks you into a dark world where nothing is what it seems.
FAIR This movie finally isn't anything more than an intricate feat of gamesmanship, but it's still quite something to see.
FAIR It is a complex story, but I found it fun.
GOOD Fantastic ensemble crime thriller with the mystique of an underworld urban legend. A Breakout project for both Benecio Del Toro and Director Bryan Singer.
GOOD What a cast, what a script, what a movie. We need some more of these.
GOOD Good, but...movies don't come more overrated.
FAIR Too predictable. Still enthralling enough to watch (at least twice).
GOOD The Usual Suspects loses some of its impact with subsequent viewings, but it remains a superior picture with much to enjoy beyond its unforgettable ending.
GOOD In many ways, the viewers are the mark in this audacious con game... and its brilliance is all the more impressive for it.
GOOD Intriguing well made crime drama with a nice twist in the end
BAD The Usual Suspects has always kind of sat there, hoping that you'll love it for its twist ending.
GOOD It's not often that a movie so intriguing comes out of Hollywood, but when one does, it should be watched.
GOOD ...an entertaining crime drama; an intricately conceived puzzle play; a fragment of gangster mythology; a parody of cops-and-robbers films; an outright black comedy;
GOOD But like a tale from the Arabian Nights, told for the sheer pleasure of storytelling, this elegant puzzle not only enjoys showing off, it also has something to show.
GOOD The Usual Suspects is an accomplished synthesis of noir elements and, as such, is an entertaining entry to the genre.
BAD After following the beckoning twists and turns, you're left trapped and more than a little disappointed for getting in so deep.
GOOD L.A. Confidential is a movie bull's-eye: noir with an attitude, a thriller packing punches. It gives up its evil secrets with a smile.
GOOD At the center of the movie are three mismatched cops with separately fueled ambitions, ferociously played by Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce. Their combined charisma almost smashes through the screen.
GOOD L.A. Confidential isn't quite up there with Chinatown, but it's the closest thing to come down the Santa Monica Freeway in the last 23 years.
GOOD Spicy and boiling-hot, this sensational early-'50s crime drama is a morality play disguised as pulp fiction -- a sprawling saga of corruption and redemption set against a flashy West Coast backdrop.
GOOD While not reaching the twisted heights of the superbly sinister Chinatown, L.A. Confidential is smart, complex and engrossing.
GOOD L.A. Confidential is a satisfyingly plotted film with echoes of the 1974 classic Chinatown.
GOOD This superlative filming of James Ellroy's complex 1950s detective story by director Curtis Hanson fuses period authenticity, fluid direction and searing, full-blooded performances.
GOOD The genius of the film -- and it is a film of genius, without a doubt -- is that it holds an investigation into the human soul's capacity for evil, while somehow still managing to be funny, thrilling, lively, shocking and unremittingly entertaining.
FAIR A glamorous, alluring entertainment that revels in the artifice of Hollywood while exposing its corrupt heart, L.A. Confidential pays stylish homage to some of the great film noirs of the distant and recent past.
GOOD Writer-director Curtis Hanson's adaptation of the James Ellroy novel wasn't merely one of the two or three greatest movies of the 1990s; it stands as a masterpiece for the ages.
FAIR L.A. Confidential understands that men don't always respond to evil with good and that the question of whom society regards as heroes isn't always a clear cut as it seems.
GOOD A modern cinematic classic...the alchemical reaction of a director and a charmed collaboration of actors, writers, and design artists...[Blu-ray]
GOOD ...one of the most absorbing, compelling, most thoroughly enjoyable crime thrillers to have come along in the past decade.
GOOD Spacey's Vincennes is the standout in a just about flawless ensemble, and director Curtis Hanson keeps the hugely complicated story zooming along the boulevard of broken dreams without losing sight of the details that make the trip worthwhile.
GOOD Dizzying and powerful.
GOOD I dug it big-time, baby!
GOOD In doing away with manners, Hanson's hardboiled detective stories craft a more hard-hitting picture of the time than any filmmaker who worked in the 1950s could have dreamed
FAIR This police corruption thriller, based on a James Ellroy novel, drags in places and ultimately fails in its film noir genre, but it's tops in art direction and photography.
FAIR A hard-boiled cops and crime story that is at once viscerally entertaining and intellectually satisfying.
GOOD Acted to perfection with more twists than you can shake a stick at.
GOOD It is an intriguing whodunit, but nothing really unpredictable. Good work by Pierce and Crowe, though.
GOOD For labyrinth-lovers...a thoughtful and entertaining murder mystery predicated on intellectual debate. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A great mystery until the end. Connery and Abraham throw sparks each time they meet.
BAD the window dressing is not enough to buoy the principle acting
GOOD A spiritual thriller that holds up thanks to its rich themes and great acting
FAIR How you accept an English monk with a Scottish accent and the mind of a Sherlock Holmes is the question.
GOOD A well-played medieval murder mystery, featuring a lot of good-looking men with really bad haircuts.
FAIR Marvelous adaptation of a complex Umberto Eco novel. Christian Slater's first feature role.
GOOD Thoughtful, intelligent movie for older teens.
FAIR ...despite the cliches and stereotypes, the film's cast manages to lift it from the depths of the commonplace and make watching it enjoyable.
GOOD Though the film drifts off down some long blind alleys, when Darabont exercises discipline the result is highly effective.
GOOD Dotted with many fine moments, clotted with a few flabby ones.
FAIR One of the best prison films ever made.
GOOD Of all the movies based on King novels, The Green Mile ranks near the top -- but below Darabont's first, The Shawshank Redemption.
BAD Three long hours of wind, an exercise in titanic self-importance intent on passing off klunky rhetoric as poignant drama.
GOOD Darabont explores the range of human kindness and cruelty as he lovingly and patiently sculpts his large cast of characters against magnificent scenery.
GOOD Hanks and the other guards' acting is impeccable as would be expected, but Duncan and his fellow prisoners are also disturbingly real.
FAIR Its emotional rewards outshine its faults.
GOOD If this movie doesn't get a truckload of Oscar noms, something's rotten in the kingdom of Hollywood!
GOOD Quando a historia chega ao fim e as luzes se acendem, voce sente que, de certa forma, o filme permanecera com voce por muito tempo.
BAD There is no doubt that the director has mistaken size for quality with bum-numbing consequences.
GOOD A near-masterpiece.
GOOD Hanks is in fine form, as is Sam Rockwell, as 'Wild Bill' Wharton, a new inmate so repulsively evil he's almost a cartoon (not quite, though).
GOOD I'd be critical of the fact that Frank Darabont's entire directorial career has revolved around sweepingly sentimental movies based on Stephen King prison dramas -- if only he didn't do them so well.
GOOD They don't get much better than this.
GOOD A moving story, helped by some great performances, primarily by Michael Clarke Duncan as Coffey, Hanks, Hutchison as the guards, and Jeter and Rockwell as prisoners.
FAIR Unassumingly strong, moving performances and Darabont's durable storytelling make it a trip worth taking.
FAIR The Green Mile is a well-crafted film.
FAIR An affecting motion picture.
GOOD By taking the extra time, Darabont has made King's The Green Mile into a story which develops and unfolds, which has detail and space.
GOOD Over the epic running time the film inches its way through a complex soap opera of events on the Row, punctuated by three pivotal and grisly executions via 'Old Sparky,' the electric chair.
GOOD A thoughtful, intelligent movie with outstanding direction.
GOOD Stephen King's serial novel has been superbly adapted.
GOOD Enthralling and literally miraculous, The Green Mile has become an instant favorite of mine, just as its source material did.
BAD Dreary sequel full of sex and violence.
BAD Its title all the warning any kind of reasonably actualized human being would need to avoid it.
GOOD One of the greatest sequels ever.
GOOD The result is among the very greatest American films.
GOOD Breathtaking in scope, Part II also shows the early life of the Don, brilliantly portrayed by Robert De Niro, as he flees Sicily and sails for New York. These sequences have the grandeur of a silent movie by DW Griffith or Erich von Stroheim.
GOOD It is even better than the first film, and has the greatest single final scene in Hollywood history, a real coup de cinema.
GOOD Either taken alone or together with the original, The Godfather Part II is an astounding work.
GOOD Arguably better than the original, this is still an amazing film.
GOOD The plotting is elliptical and the sweep intoxicates, but the contrast between De Niro's meditative Vito and Pacino's soul-starved eyes brings piercing focus to Coppola's resonating study of corrupting power.
GOOD One of the most ambitious and brilliantly executed American films, a landmark work from one of Hollywood's top cinema eras.
GOOD From start to finish, this is filmmaking at its most immortal.
GOOD Instead of sitting in the shadow of the original Godfather, the Godfather Part II added to to the epic and made it even greater.
GOOD Part II is brilliant, but not for kids.
FAIR Often ranked as the greatest movie sequel ever produced, The Godfather: Part II follows Al Pacino's Michael Corleone as he teams up with gangster Hyman Roth (Lee Strasberg) in an effort to expand his empire into the lucrative world of gambling.
FAIR Although it runs a bit long, The Godfather: Part II is still an excellent film.
GOOD ...an epic landscape of events and an exquisite tapestry of characterizations.
GOOD Shadows lurk throughout the movie, as they do over the Corleones' lives.
GOOD A mesmerizing sequel that explores the parallels in the life of father and son.
GOOD A rare sequel to a great film that recaptures and expands upon the mastery of its predecessor.
GOOD O segundo ato da obra maxima do Cinema.
GOOD A rarity: a sequel as great as its A+ predecessor. A powerhouse film.
GOOD A rare sequel that surpasses its classic source.
GOOD De Niro makes a great Vito, and seems to channel Marlon Brando as he transforms into the Don. While compelling in their own right, these flashbacks provide a break from Michael's single-mindedness, and clearly outline the similarities between the two men.
GOOD Could this somehow be even better than "The Godfather"? Decide for yourself while I go watch both movies.
FAIR The stunning text of The Godfather is replaced in Part II with prologues, epilogues, footnotes, and good intentions.
GOOD This is nothing short of magisterial.
GOOD Quite possibly the best sequel ever. EVER.
GOOD A rich, fully realized epic.
GOOD The best sequel of all time.
GOOD One of the best sequels ever made.
GOOD [It] not only lived up to the artistic and dramatic excellence of the first film, but in many ways surpassed it.
GOOD The corruption of Michael Corleone reaches its climax in this, the only proper conclusion to the Godfather saga.
GOOD Each story on its own would work better. Together, it makes it harder to get involved in any of them.
GOOD El Padrino II es una pintura fantastica y detallada de la naturaleza del mal.
GOOD This film is yet another classic of American Cinema.
GOOD The Mother of All Sequels: a film at once both greater and lesser than its predecessor
GOOD Unlike many critics, I don't feel the sequel has the weight of the original
GOOD The only sequel to win an Oscar for best picture.
BAD Averages out to be a mildly better film than The Matrix Reloaded, mostly on account of being neither as good nor as bad in its peaks and valleys.
BAD Finale with same heavy violence, weaker script.
BAD Some of this stuff is just cheesy in the same way it's been cheesy in dozens of cheaper, less cultish films.
BAD It's amazing how such a brilliant opening film can devolve into nothing but uninteresting fight scenes and unnecessary visual effects.
FAIR Not in my memory has a film been filled with such a succession of ejaculatory FX shots that cover any semblance of story in goo.
FAIR ''Everything that has a beginning has an end,' says the tag line. Not in financial terms it doesn't.'
GOOD Yes, some of the philosophy was clumsily scripted, but I saw and appreciated where the Wachowskis were trying to take the universe.
BAD An over bloated, anticlimactic yawn.
BAD Characterization, plot, and speculations on life and reality take a backseat to the martial arts shoot 'em up sequences, which seem overly long and decidedly ho-hum.
BAD ...more of the same, with nothing surprising, nothing any longer mind-boggling, and nothing most viewers couldn't guess would happen going in.
BAD The Wachowskis have changed the face of action films for the time being, and I grant them that. But watching this bloated final installment it was hard for me to remember why.
FAIR The Matrix Revolutions has successfully dodged the bullet that The Matrix Reloaded aimed at the franchise.
BAD Watching this, you may be reminded of what Gertrude Stein once observed about the benighted state of Cal-ee-fornia, 'there is no there there.'
FAIR Teeters but stays upright, closing the series in a fashion that is appropriately ingenious and infuriating.
BAD A ferociously disappointing and inept conclusion to a trilogy that began with such a bang.
FAIR Hey, it's better than The Matrix Reloaded!
FAIR 'Como capitulo final de una trilogia adorada por millones, cumple con lo que ofrece, a pesar de que deja varios cabos sueltos. Por lo menos es mejor cinta que Recargado'
GOOD This is, in effect, the second half of the film, and if Reloaded was mostly build-up, Revolutions is all payoff.
BAD This is the Review About What I Believe Must Be Written About the Language That Is Used By Wachowski Brothers In Their Movies About What It Is That The Matrix Must Be.
FAIR Owes more to 'The War of the Worlds' than the war of ideas that made the first 'Matrix' stand out...
FAIR It is not about conclusiveness, but about solving the immediate struggles of its own stupid sci-fi details.
FAIR A satisfying action-packed conclusion to one of the most incredible sci-fi mythologies put on film.
FAIR This third one is unfocused; a little bit of this, a little of that - a pot of hot water that boils over a few times but remains, for the most part, at a light simmer.
BAD What a fizzle for a feature film trilogy and the third installment of a boxed set.
GOOD The Matrix: Redeemed. The plodding pop-philosophical babblings of Reloaded have been toned way down. Best of all - NO extended rave scenes!
FAIR Is this a good movie? Hell, I don't know. I don't think so, although I liked it.
GOOD ... for all the characters you met when you found out what the Matrix was, you'll want to see how their stories conclude.
BAD Epic trilogy's final installment feels like a trailer for itself -- and more than a little bit wrong.
BAD Like all the Oracles throughout history advise, "Temet nosce" - well I know I don't want any more of this.
GOOD I had a good time laughing at the cliche-ridden action dialogue and an even better time laughing at the 4 a.m. stoned college student profundities served up by the script.
FAIR As a joyride of a movie, this one delivers the goods. But on a human level, it's clear that the Wachowskis allowed the series to get away from them.
FAIR What started off as hip, cool, and intelligent has become loud, bombastic, and stupid.
FAIR . . . It all seems so cold, so technological. This final chapter should have been the most human, the most emotionally charged of movies, but it ultimately leaves you dazed and confused.
BAD If you thought The Matrix Reloaded had holes in it, this one is muddled beyond belief, accidentally humorous.
BAD ...a frantic and ponderous piece that is content enough to go through its wooden stage and whimper out with a deadening bang...[a] mind-bending misguided mess
FAIR ...one of the more entertaining mindless action flicks to come around in a while.
FAIR An impressive closing to the cycle.
FAIR Pulp thriller for Lambert fans.
FAIR Your basic Black Trenchcoat Movie.
BAD This film is so painfully awful that no pleasure can be found in criticizing it.
FAIR Its mechanical aesthetic suggests that rather than having to sublimate what remorse Tom Ripley might feel toward his actions, he simply doesn't experience any.
GOOD This expertly made film is utterly mesmerising. And its exploration of ruthless ambition is still fiercely timely.
GOOD Alain Delon excels as gentleman psychopath Tom Ripley in Rene Clement's beautifully restored classic.
GOOD Delon is a terrifically good in the role: his almost unearthly perfection is creepy itself, as if he is imitating a human being.
GOOD Highsmith had some doubts about the ending, which feels less daring than the one in her book, but there's a clever irony to it Hitchcock would have appreciated.
GOOD Tempering Hitchcockian intent with the experimentalism of the French New Wave, the result is as seductive as it is suspenseful: a bracing study of amorality.
GOOD It's Delon -- impossibly beautiful, impossible to read, cold, cool -- who steals the film.
GOOD Condemned now to exist in the shadow of a talented impersonator, this earlier adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's remarkable novel has been all too readily overlooked, despite possessing considerable charms of its own.
GOOD Plein Soleil remains a masterpiece. It defined the career of its director, who became known as the French Hitchcock.
FAIR Clement's strategy is to film Ripley's actions with little editorializing and the film is both laid-back and taut at the same time, especially in the second half of the film as the stakes get higher and it becomes more of a thriller.
GOOD 'Talented Mr. Ripley' with a French accent; stylish and memorable
GOOD A fascinating earlier version of 'The Talented Mr. Ripley' that features a much different murderous protagonist.
FAIR Tom isn't your average Hitchcock hero, he has the advantage of being a sociopath
GOOD An oddball example of the genre.
FAIR Although Purple Noon is a singularly thrill-less thriller, it is lovely to look at.
GOOD Rene Clement's subversive direction makes us root for Delon to pull off a tricky tightrope disguise as suspicious police pursue him from hotel to apartment and town to town.
FAIR Great performances, but for adults only.
FAIR This isn't a serious movie, despite Denzel Washington in full eruption and giving his calloused lines more weight and authority than they deserve.
GOOD Marred slightly by an unsatisfactory climax, this is a cracking cop drama anchored by great performances and intelligent direction from Fuqua.
GOOD Thumbs up, without question. Unfortunately, Training Day could have been so much more than it is.
GOOD Denzel Washington delivers a remarkable performance in this enthralling and unique tale of a corrupt cop, completely transforming himself into an unexpectedly imposing threat.
GOOD ...an intelligent and riveting action movie that doesn't rely on a lot of special effects to tell a genuinely interesting story.
GOOD While most critics have chosen to highlight Washington's performance as the standout, it would be unfair not to mention Ethan Hawke, who plays the rookie Hoyt with a perfect patina of guileless enthusiasm.
FAIR It is unfortunate that the script by David Ayer is so riddled with pretense, but Washington, Hawke, and their supporting cast do all they can to play through.
GOOD Gritty good-cop/bad-cop drama is elevated to greatness by Denzel Washington.
GOOD Trashy cop-thriller entertainment of the highest quality: well-made and superbly acted, with Washington in line for a possible Oscar nomination.
GOOD For those of us who rank Denzel Washington among the best actors America has ever produced, it is more a thrill than a shock to see him take on the showy, villainous role he plays in Training Day.
FAIR I can't quite recommend the film.
BAD It aims to be a contemporary L.A. Confidential but crumples with a simplistic, unbelievable climax.
GOOD Larger than life ... a classic tale of good vs. evil.
FAIR There's an edgy, authentic rhythm to this gritty undercover cop drama that's boosted by strong performances ... and then undermined by an appalling ending.
BAD There are a few rather unfortunate plot coincidences that undermine the tension the first half of the film, and with the proper conclusion already wasted, we wait impatiently for the standard movie-ish plot conventions to wind down to the end.
FAIR A direcao de Antoine Fuqua jamais perde o dinamismo, mergulhando o espectador em um incrivel estado de tensao.
BAD [Washington] wasn't acting, he was grandstanding.
FAIR When the characters start taking obscene amounts of physical abuse and coming back for more, it manages to help you take the film's events less seriously... something that would have helped from the start.
FAIR ...an obsequious vehicle where Washington can strut his dastardly stuff in an otherwise penetrating but arbitrary streetwise adventure. Personally, this undercover movie reviewing narc finds Training Day a kind of tough pill to swallow.
FAIR I don't quite understand why screenwriters try to cram their more nuanced or interesting characters into something as conventional as the final act of Training Day.
FAIR All of the action takes place during a single day, and there's enough action in this one short period to fill the entire career of a normal cop.
FAIR If its content is over-the-top, well, it's still engrossing.
GOOD A brutal, fierce, and tense police thriller, Training Day takes a well-worn format and infuses it with freshness and verve.
FAIR Trama interesante llena de personajes tridimensionales y sustanciosos que seguramente haran pensar al espectador en los tiempos actuales que vivimos.
FAIR There's strong stuff here, a good meal for the appetites of life-on-the-line, action-craving audiences, especially those who enjoy seeing bad cops portrayed for the world to see.
GOOD One of the most intriguing studio films of the year.
GOOD Not just a cop movie
