GOOD Lukas Moodyson's debut feature has a grainy, immediate feel that nicely enhances the story's emotional honesty -- a quality that our own popular teen movies have only just begun to embrace.
GOOD Nobody can deny the honesty or the outright sincerity this film has.
FAIR Dahlstrom and especially Liljeberg are first-rate.
GOOD Unfortunately, as the plot develops, it shies away from exploring that discontent, in favor of demonstrating precisely the kind of naivete and sweetness that one would expect to find in any teen romance.
GOOD It's just an incredibly insightful character drama about true, awkward, beautiful first love, and it's all the better for it. Oh, and that last shot is as cute as it gets.
FAIR High school, small town, teenagers in hormone hell -- or is that heaven?
GOOD A completely charming reality-based romantic fantasy, both sweet-natured and sympathetic.
FAIR The movie is funny, gentle, and true.
BAD The film has some charm and a winning simplicity but not an iota of depth.
BAD I'm tired of teens talking about make-up and making out. A lesbian twist to an otherwise standard story just isn't enough to make it compelling.
FAIR Successfully captures the frenzied angst and boredom of youth, as well as the powerful, unbridled emotions of first love.
GOOD A poignant exploration of the cruelty and anguish of teenage existence.
GOOD Right away this film grabs attention with documentary-style close- ups and upends teen movie cliches.
GOOD Incredibly fun, incredibly entertaining, and worth watching in all respects.
GOOD A breath of fresh air in a genre too often controlled by Hollywood teen-pap.
GOOD One of the most honest and heartfelt teen dramas ever to grace the screen.
GOOD Dreyer goes to the Christian heart of the matter in this film. Damned powerful.
GOOD Carl Theodor Dreyer's 1943 parable about witch-finding and witch-burning in 17th-century Denmark is coldly brilliant.
GOOD A compelling family melodrama and a sombre exploration of how men co-opt religious dogma to oppress and punish female desires.
GOOD Day of Wrath is probably the simplest of the Dreyer films that I've seen, but it is still a great work.
GOOD Dreyer was a master of conveying emotion in a way that can only be called "literary"
GOOD A study of good and evil, repression and oppression, sexuality and guilt, Day of Wrath is a truly spiritual film.
BAD Things are so cheap they didn't even spring for uniforms for the so-called cops; everybody seems to be wearing their street clothes.
FAIR The unusually subtle yet eloquent debut of Israeli director Haim Tabakman...
FAIR The movie respects the Jewish tradition of inquiry and debate; it unreels as a sort of dramatic dialogue that acknowledges the benefits and terrors of both religious fundamentalism and personal freedom.
FAIR This restrained piece from first-time Israeli film-maker Haim Tabakman explores the tension between faith and sexuality in Jerusalem.
FAIR The simplicity of the tale is its strength and the acting of Zohar Strauss as Aaron and Ran Danker as Ezri is entirely natural.
GOOD It's almost impossible to imagine anyone making a gay romance between two orthodox Jews. And yet this film is subtle and sensitive, and full of earthy honesty as it explores a seriously difficult situation.
FAIR A sensitively directed and movingly acted story of forbidden love.
GOOD A very human story quietly unfolds with a compelling understatement in this dour but deeply-felt drama from director Haim Tabakman.
FAIR This is responsible, restrained and intelligent, but if anything, the risky subject material is handled with too much caution.
BAD Director Haim Tabakman avoids sensationalism so assiduously that his film has slightly less eroticism than the average party political broadcast.
GOOD It's not just the subject matter of impossible love that recalls Brokeback Mountain, but the same aching sadness and pathos.
GOOD One of the best and most moving love stories you'll ever see. Absolutely top draw.
FAIR Tabakman makes evocative use of enclosed spaces and silences, and tempers the melodrama with a sociological authenticity that confirms the centrality of belief in Jewish culture.
GOOD Slow and often silent, it's an extraordinarily disciplined film that respects, if not honours, the milieu of its story...
BAD Worthy in theme, honourable in intent, oddly bloodless in execution.
FAIR Director Haim Tabakman conjures up the sad mood very skilfully, with natural lighting, measured pace and an unexpected electronic soundtrack. In fact, it's probably my favourite film about the romantic love between two Jewish guys since Superbad.
FAIR The film's urgent point about the need for understanding is made with dignity and an appreciable tinge of sorrow.
FAIR Impressively directed, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that plays like an orthodox Jewish version of Brokeback Mountain, though the pacing and minimalistic dialogue might prove too arthouse for some tastes.
GOOD As oblique and laconic as its characters, Tabakman's moral tale rises to a melancholy spirituality.
GOOD "Brokeback Mezuzah": Tender, affecting, brave, and beautifully wrought,
GOOD Brave, provocative and gently engrossing with well-nuanced performances.
GOOD It moves slowly and patiently through the ordeal of a single soul, illuminating in the process a cosmos of intense and hidden feeling.
FAIR Quiet, sober and tense, the movie makes some interesting points, but it lacks the emotional firepower of Brokeback Mountain.
FAIR The drama's moments of inspiration vindicate its desultory proceedings.
FAIR Haim Tabakman's feature directing debut fascinates for the powerful, multi-layered themes that percolate beneath its visually spare and delicately told story.
GOOD Unusually sensitive look into the hearts of nonconformists in an extremely conforming community as the different risks they take and the choices they make are quite moving.
BAD It's probably best to think of the film as an extended music video, a watershed moment for movie sound tracks, and not much more.
FAIR ...there is so much good music involved...it easily distracts one's mind from the clunky histrionics.
BAD The musical performances are memorable, everything else is forgettable
BAD Bland Prince vehicle that takes itself far too seriously.
FAIR intriguingly well-told story
BAD Those who are looking for a two-hour music video with a coherent story will not be disappointed.
GOOD The performers have a bit of a wink behind their performances, and so the artificiality meshes together neatly.
BAD Purple Rain shares a trump card--its set list--with casual Prince fans, who are advised to reach for the soundtrack album instead.
FAIR Purple Rain's gazillion-selling soundtrack album has more or less eclipsed the film in pop culture history books.
FAIR Short people of Hollywood...DANCE!
GOOD it isn't much of a movie, but it's one hell of a show
GOOD A classic '80s rock movie, whose soundtrack was perhaps the best album of the decade.
FAIR Prince is one of the most talented musicians of our time. His movie doesn't quite reflect that, but it's in Minneapolis, so it's cool.
FAIR So-so picture that is most notable for the terrific musical sequences featuring Prince and his band.
FAIR You'll have a rockin' good time!
BAD Where are all those people who called this "the Citizen Kane of rock movies" hiding?
FAIR Just as the relationships at the core of this drama, The Yellow Handkerchief is one big compromise. Make do with the lackluster parts and receive something uniquely pleasant.
FAIR A well-acted little film, The Yellow Handkerchief captures the loneliness of these characters and the sparks of hope they harbor, despite everything.
FAIR This uplifting film is an indie gem with a wonderful payoff that will bring you to tears. The acting is superlative and makes this emotionally moving experience good to the last drop.
BAD When The Yellow Handkerchief finally hooks into the meat of Hamill's source story, the narrative tension puts enough wind in the film's sails to arrive at its corny but sentimentally satisfying conclusion.
BAD The only positive thing about the aimless film The Yellow Handkerchief is the idea that William Hurt may be ready for his Jeff Bridges moment.
FAIR The unhurried direction of Udayan Prasad and the unafraid choices of the sure-footed cast keep this character-driven drama afloat.
FAIR The Yellow Handkerchief is a love story. Two, really. At its center is the sweetly fractured ticking of a broken heart on the mend.
FAIR The story arc of Handkerchief is entirely predictable, and the direction is pedestrian. But its pleasures are to be found in the graceful acting of Hurt and Bello...
FAIR This modest but moving indie ensemble piece puts three estimable actors in a convertible, sets them on a long drive to post-Katrina Louisiana and lets the character dynamics do the rest.
FAIR The Yellow Handkerchief is a surprisingly moving drama -- a throwback to the small, character-driven indies of yesteryear.
FAIR Even Stewart, an untutored colt of an actress who can toggle between natural grace and utter haplessness, finds her groove here.
FAIR You don't need an original story for a movie. You need original characters and living dialogue.
BAD Sluggish. Torpid. Boring.
BAD Prasad's take on the well-traveled folk tale (it didn't originate with Hamill -- he was just smart enough to put it down on paper) won't win any Oscars...
FAIR The sleepy scenery and charming performances -- Stewart escapes her vampires and reminds everyone what the fuss used to be about -- keep The Yellow Handkerchief from blowing it.
FAIR With tired eyes, a hesitant stoop and thinning hair, William Hurt makes only occasional appearances in films these days, but he's forgotten nothing about the kind of niche acting that informed his early work and won him a coveted Best Actor Oscar.
GOOD Kristen Stewart, just 17 at the time the movie was shot (several months before filming began on the first "Twilight" picture), navigates the swells of teenage confusion with precocious confidence.
BAD Director Udayan Prasad knows how to maximize tight spaces and closed-up characters, but Stewart underwhelms with her churlish pout and Southern twang, while Redmayne is simply annoying.
FAIR The romantic drama earns solid marks for atmosphere, moving shots of post-Katrina New Orleans and acting-few do sad-and-wise better than William Hurt-but each theme is hit a bit too hard and predictably.
GOOD Subtly powerful road trip film OK for most teens.
GOOD A road movie about three travelers in post-Katrina Louisiana and their quest to avoid a bleak and dark future.
GOOD Erin Dignam's episodic script, brimming with humor and honest emotion -- and the pitch-perfect direction of Udayan Prasad -- thankfully avoids manipulating the audience at every turn.
FAIR William Hurt, who specializes in playing high-strung, upscale neurotics, brings his formidable skills to The Yellow Handkerchief.
FAIR a refreshingly dimensional four-character ensemble piece
BAD Well-shot and well-acted, but also so consistently lightweight that it risks disappearing from the screen as you watch it.
BAD A wispy story of revelation that's blessed with gorgeously photographed Southern discomfort, and beset by on-the-nose dialogue and awkward time-shifting.
BAD The film fails to provide Kristen Stewart the courtesy of a role with scene-stealing potential.
GOOD [Arthur] Cohn has assembled a quartet of gifted actors who are captivating under Prasad's perceptive direction.
FAIR Yellow Handkerchief is just another quiet character piece that may make its way to theaters in limited release, but won't cause any waves.
GOOD If you have been with Jesse and Celine through the twists and turns, slips and stumbles of their romantic journey then their long, flowing, deceptively gripping conversations ripple with the realities of life.
GOOD Maybe we'll see more of them in another nine years. But if not, if things end here in this perfect trilogy, then that's enough to consider it as perhaps the greatest cinematic love story of all time.
GOOD The movie's funny at times and difficult at others, and ends absolutely perfectly. The best of the three.
GOOD Delpy and Hawke talk and talk and talk but it is all fascinating.
GOOD Like the Up series, a return to visit old friends
GOOD Making a movie with nothing more than smart dialogue and fine performances is a dying art, but Linklater, Hawke and Delpy remind us that it's a skill worth saving.
GOOD Before Midnight feels like the natural extension of the series, and will be everything fans of it could have hoped for.
FAIR The trouble with those first two film was their souffle-light scenarios...Here, however, things are much juicier as infidelity, commitment, divorce, resentment and all the other soul-sapping things that clock in when you hit your 40s come into play.
GOOD ...in the surprising third act, the film comes together as a plausible horror show of how good intentions and real affection can give way to vicious, realistic psychic combat. (
FAIR ...Before Midnight bears too few similarities to its thoroughly superior predecessors.
GOOD The release of each sequel is becoming an event, so it's particularly great to see Before Midnight not only meeting expectations but raising the bar.
FAIR Before Midnight is no romance. It's a horror movie.
GOOD Takes its traditional romantic tale into more insightful territories.
GOOD Hawk and Delpy know just how to get under your skin. Their onscreen alter egos fit like a glove, and witnessing their ageing, nagging, toying love is a true privilege.
GOOD What lifts Linklater's trilogy above your average dialogue-heavy indie is not just the intelligence of the conversation but its frankness and humor.
GOOD The 'Before' trilogy is a vacation for me. I am taken away, and it is never for long enough. I genuinely feel lucky to have these movies.
GOOD I'm not sure this is the end of Richard Linklater's 'Before' trilogy. It's perfection just as it is, but then again, Linklater has nine more years to work on the sequel.
GOOD Loving words mix with personal attacks, the magic moments with the unintended slights, as we witness the occasional desperation of imperfect people doing the best they can when life moves beyond meet-cute and courtship. That's authentic.
GOOD Linklater and his players bring an end to the fantasy and welcome the thrilling ups and bitter downs of reality to this love story.
GOOD The duo, clearly so comfortable in their characters' skin, indulge in intelligent banter, sharp humour and emotional truths.
GOOD So much better written than contemporary novels, this film is a literary as well as cinematic achievement to cherish. For grown-ups.
GOOD None of the films is faultless in itself, but, tinted with complementary tones, the complete cycle comes as close to perfection as any trilogy in cinema history.
GOOD It's been 18 years since Hawke, Delpy and Linklater introduced us to Jesse and Celine, and their story just gets richer, funnier and more punchy each time we see them. In 1995's Before Sunrise, they were idealistic 23-year-olds.
FAIR Hawke and Delpy are as believably real as any screen couple can ever be.
GOOD This is one of the few sequels for which the cliche 'eagerly awaited' is truly applicable.
GOOD Predictably, it's just as great as the first two.
FAIR By the end, Before Midnight inches towards a dawn of charm. But it's a troubled trip.
GOOD As an organic experiment in collaboration between actors and director, it is a triumph, co-created and co-owned by Delpy, Linklater and Hawke.
GOOD Hawke and Delpy, who are both credited on the script too, have never found co-stars to bounce off more nimbly or bring out richer nuances in their acting.
GOOD The performances and dialogue are wonderfully naturalistic; a reminder that the best special effects are often the cheapest.
GOOD Before Midnight is about the nature of long-term relationships, and the way love deepens and grows but also finds itself subject to the complications of maturity. Smart, insightful, and poignant.
GOOD For those who witnessed Jesse and Celine's tentative getting together as inter railing students almost twenty years ago, it's reassuring to see them still in love.
GOOD Brilliantly directed, superbly written and impeccably acted, this is a thoroughly enjoyable, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging drama that perfectly complements the previous two films.
GOOD It remains as engaging, illuminating, honest and funny as its predecessor; here's hoping we revisit Jesse and Celine in another decade or so.
GOOD There has never been a picture like David O. Selznick's production of Gone With the Wind.
GOOD Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh create their own sizzle as Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara in a lavish four-hour epic that juxtaposes scenes of jaw-dropping majesty with moments of elegant intimacy and playful verbal jousting.
GOOD No one watches Gone with the Wind for historical accuracy. What keeps us coming back is four-hours of epic romance in gorgeous Technicolor.
FAIR Too clumsy a thing to be taken seriously, with its romanticisation of slavery and its problematic approach to rape, Gone With The Wind is nevertheless a work of considerable power.
GOOD Running to nearly four hours and boasting at least three directors, this epic American Civil War romantic drama is more of a symbol of the Hollywood studio system than a mere movie.
FAIR The performances of eternally glittering movie stars Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable ... exist in a league of their own, demanding rapt attention in scene after scene.
GOOD Ginormous in both scale and emotional wallop, MGM's epic is still a cinematic event to be savoured.
GOOD Brimming with colour and passion, it pulls its emotional kick from tremendous performances, not least from Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable as the love-hate lovers.
FAIR The golden standard for classic Hollywood bombast, this one.
FAIR If ever the phrase, "They don't make 'em like they used to" could fit a film, this is it.
GOOD The epic film that to this day stands as the benchmark against which all other epics are judged.
GOOD Gone with the Wind is still dated, but it's a dynamite kind of antiquity.
GOOD It's impossible not to be carried away by the rich arterial force of this storytelling.
GOOD Grand old Hollywood at its most magnificent and melodramatic. Say what you like about the soapy characterisation and plotting, the spectacle flattens all in its wake.
GOOD A lost Hollywood art: the epic melodrama.
GOOD Terrificly acted, staged and designed, Gone WIth the Wind remains one of the greatest period epics ever filmed.
GOOD Despite the star power of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable, Wind has lost some of its bluster, yet it survives as a glorious Technicolored window into America's dusty, bygone past.
GOOD It's so full of iconic moments of plotting and dialog that a feature film could be edited just out of the most quotable moments.
GOOD ...producer David O. Selznick's crowning achievement and a film that stands up as one of the screen's finest classics.
GOOD One of the classic films that defined American cinema, Gone With the Wind is a rare example of a collaboration involving hundreds of talents and egos that turned out great.
GOOD Never, never bores me. Glabe is fabulous!
FAIR Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara remain the greatest pairing of irresistible force and immovable object in Hollywood romance.
GOOD Treat yourself to one of the greatest cinematic experiences ever created.
GOOD The brilliant epitome of corporate filmmaking.
GOOD Often, older movies are a bit naive and unthreatening, but this movie is surprisingly fierce and somber.
GOOD Mind-boggling for the first time in a theater. Too bad that many, like me, see it first on TV.
GOOD It could be -- and should be -- viewed from a dozen different perspectives, but it is, above all, a story about adapting to the most challenging circumstances possible.
GOOD Clear an evening and indulge yourself in one of the few films that can justifiably be called an epic.
GOOD The best remembered and most publicized film in Hollywood's flamboyant history, the biggest of David O. Selznick's grand obsessions, and quite probably the most beloved movie of all time.
GOOD The passionate saga of Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler, played out against the flaming red backdrop of the Civil War, generates enough romance, historic drama and deep emotion to fuel a dozen great films.
GOOD Everything about it is big.
GOOD Victor Fleming's 60-year-old movie looks like it was shot this year.
BAD I would be amazed to hear even the most ardent Sparks fan defend it as anything more than rubbish.
BAD The Best of Me turns into a half-baked dramatic thriller, with violent confrontations, gunfights, plenty of nasty characters and one big scary action scene.
BAD There's something heavy-handed, even for Sparks, in the telling of the couple's story, particularly when it comes to Dawson's family: they are leering, brutal embodiments of evil who function as handy plot devices.
FAIR A rather typical Nicholas Sparks adaptation...
BAD The Best Of Me, like all Sparks' work, would rather kill his characters and leave a beautiful corpse than have them continue a real, scarred relationship.
BAD Dawson is called a "white trash piece of (poo)" by his own daddy, which is rich, because daddy -- a low-rent bayou criminal with a mean dog on a chain, a shanty tramp on his lap and jet-black dye on his hair -- actually is a white trash piece of (poo).
BAD Welcome the latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation: always the same, always a bit different (but mostly the same).
FAIR You can sneer, but I don't care - the heart wants what it will, and my heart wants Sparks. So there.
BAD Like a hack tunesmith that keeps rewriting the same melodies over and over again, hoping his legion of fans don't notice the ruse, we've heard this Sparks song before.
BAD The film is a huge letdown due to the script. The third act is so much a nonsensical head scratcher that it takes away the alluring romance fans wanted to walk away with.
BAD The Best of Me is quite possibly the worst Nicholas Sparks adaptation ever committed to film.
BAD The worst Nicholas Sparks film of the nine based on his novels, this is the epitome of disingenuous, manufactured and manipulative. The salt on the wound of an already bleeding heart is that the young adults outshine our artificial "A"-list lovebirds.
BAD "I never thought a movie would make me long for the gritty realism of 'The Notebook.'"
BAD Weepy Nicholas Sparks melodrama is cliche-ridden, violent.
FAIR A syrupy, sentimental soap opera tailor-made for fans of the Nicholas Sparks franchise.
BAD It's a very silly film.
BAD Bad boy meets good girl, families get in the way and tragedy follows before the emotionally-contrived ending.
BAD The sunlight is golden, the accent's rural (this one's set in Louisiana), people die, sagacious letters are read aloud.
BAD By the standards of other Sparks productions, this is buoyed up well enough by the cast to float along, and everyone's making the best of a fairly blah job.
BAD At a certain point ... the coincidences and tragic incidents start to pile up at a startling rate and nothing can be taken seriously.
BAD I don't know much about Nicholas Sparks novels but do know movies based on them. They pretty much suck. What makes this one different is sucking at a higher level.
BAD There's a fine line separating a film that puts its own spin on a proven formula and one that becomes a caricature of itself. The Best of Me treads all over that line.
BAD Predictability is The Best of Me's greatest sin. The screenplay might has well have been a game of Mad Libs, where plot devices are lifted straight out of previous Sparks books and shoehorned into this bland narrative.
BAD Cynical and lazy, The Best of Me feels as if it's assembled from parts of other, better weepies.
BAD Interminably long, dragging out its molasses heart through what seem like three different endings.
FAIR The Best of Me isn't too bad for the majority of its time-crossing story, which means the movie is better than the majority of movies based upon Sparks' work.
BAD As the drama unfolds the ludicrousness of J Mills Goodloe and Will Fetters's script intensifies and the dramatic punches are more liable to provoke howls of laughter than tears of sadness.
BAD "The Best of Me" is content to remain a by-the-numbers excursion into tough-to-swallow soap opera theatrics. At this point, even Nicholas Sparks himself should know better.
BAD Like traditional pornography, The Best of Me has no purpose other than to get a specific reaction...
FAIR We've seen this story told in similar fashion so many times in the past. I only wish we could have had it delivered in a fresher, less cliche-filled package.
BAD Much of the dialogue for this terminally mawkish tearjerker sounds as if it has been taken directly from a Dolly Parton or Whitney Houston song.
BAD The latest gaseous emission from the Sparks melodrama machine.
BAD Even permitting that the movie's setup counts almost by default as one of Nicholas Sparks's more complicated scenarios, that makes his failure to draw up compelling, flawed, human characters all the more conspicuous.
BAD Isn't fate a funny thing? Especially when Nicholas Sparks makes it up.
BAD The Best of Me is not the worst adaptation of Nicholas Sparks, but audiences can certainly choose better.
BAD It has a perverse integrity, playing every winsome stare and I'm-gonna-take-my-shirt-off moment with total sincerity.
FAIR People who actually recall 1942 will more greatly appreciate the waves of nostalgia that bathe this affectionate coming-of-age drama, set on a tiny island off New England.
FAIR In the early hijinks phase, the film seems like a dry run for Porky's, but it later gets into the business of fluttering curtains, walks on sandy beaches and longing glances.
GOOD "Summer Of '42" is an unforgettable meditation on sexual awakening and loss during WWII.
FAIR "Summer of '42" is a memory movie, written, directed and acted with such uncommon good humor that I don't think you'll be put off by its sweet soft-focus, at least until you start analyzing it afterwards.
GOOD One of the cinematic coming-of-age stories that started a trend.
FAIR Nostalgic coming-into-manhood fantasy.
FAIR Nostalgia is used as a distancing device -- to keep us safely insulated from the boy's immediate grief, love, and passion.
BAD Dates very badly indeed
FAIR It's apparent in every scene that this is a highly personal film for screenwriter Raucher, and the nostalgia is so palpable that it nearly slides off the screen.
FAIR Funny and intelligent, despite some flaws.
GOOD Garofalo is accessible to anyone in the audience (except maybe herself).
GOOD Rom-com charmer with a smart script and Garofalo in top form.
GOOD Janeane Garofalo's magnetic yet unconventional presence instantly pulls the audience into the story.
FAIR Better than it looks ... but not by much.
GOOD Since when is Garofalo less appealing than Thurman?
GOOD A spry and perceptive romantic comedy highlighted by the spirited performance of Garofalo's self-deprecating guise
FAIR This sly update on Cyrano de Bergerac owes a lot to Janeane Garofalo, who inexplicably disowned it.
FAIR Sometimes sad, sometimes uplifting. This is a heady meditation on the trials of modern romance.
FAIR Though its romantic-comedy triangle borrows heavily from Cyrano de Bergerac, the film has more in common with Three's Company.
FAIR ...unabashed fantasy...
BAD It was either this or watch paint dry
GOOD Screwball comedy for older teens and adults.
GOOD This is the Coens dabbling in the mainstream, and bending it to their will.
GOOD The Coensa(TM) first mainstream romantic comedy is a superb hijacking of an ailing art form -- short, sharp and frequently laugh-out-loud hilarious.
BAD Destined to rank among the Coens' least memorable achievements.
GOOD A great movie.
FAIR A fun romp, thanks largely to the deft work of its two leads.
FAIR Despite the inconsistent script and low tone, this has many funny moments. If you can forget the negative view it takes of mankind, ita(TM)s entertaining because of the performances of Clooney, Zeta Jones, and the rest of the cast.
GOOD The Coens ... have taken a typically trite target for ridicule and splayed it out for an attack from outer space, where Coen brothers scripts tend to originate.
FAIR Half the pleasure of Intolerable Cruelty is watching the Coens play it safe
GOOD A date-movie with brain cells.
FAIR Viewers won't feel like they've been dealt with too cruelly.
BAD The operative word in this film is 'restrained.'
BAD It has some good gags, but then so did The Wedding Singer.
BAD ...it does live up to its title by being both cruel and intolerable, although not necessarily in the redeeming ways one might hope for.
FAIR Clooney, in one of his best screen turns to date, exhibits the right degree of screwball aptitude.
BAD Unlike Steve Martin's portraits of LA, "Intolerable Cruelty" doesn't find the loneliness beneath the sheen.
GOOD Darkly funny and oh-so-wicked, "Intolerable Cruelty" is quirky diversion that will appeal to fans of other Coen brothers films.
GOOD Watching Clooney and Zeta-Jones interact is suitably fun, and neither of them is exactly hard on the eyes.
BAD A pretty much paint by numbers job, but Clooney and the divine Ms. Jones have great chemistry and timing and successfully manage to wrestle the script to the ground.
FAIR A frequently hilarious screwball comedy about the battle between the sexes, which here all boils down to one thing: money.
FAIR While it's not nearly as beguiling as the Coen's last pic, the uncanny The Man Who Wasn't There, Cruelty is still a brisk hoot.
FAIR It will delight their fans with its random humor and its palate of bizarre characters.
BAD ...the movie eventually takes a dark turn that it's never quite able to recover from.
FAIR Both Clooney and Zeta-Jones are given simple lines that they deliver so deliciously that they set some sort of gold standard.
GOOD The joy of Intolerable Cruelty is in watching Clooney deconstruct his suave screen persona, that mix of Cary Grant cool and Dean Martin hip, in front of your very eyes.
FAIR Worth seeing, and more fun than the average Hollywood rom-com.
FAIR Clooney and Zeta-Jones have a level of antagonistic banter recalling the best of the Hepburn-Tracy chemistry. Now, this is what is meant by the term movie star.
BAD A competent but self-righteous film that offers little insight into love or faith.
BAD If religious films aren't your bailiwick, stay away. Otherwise, this could be a passable date film.
BAD The film is old-fashioned, occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface.
FAIR Beers, who, when she's given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall ... [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures.
BAD Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
BAD The romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be.
BAD ...a pretentious mess...
GOOD With its self-conscious references to the artistic process and to art itself (in a scene that wouldn't be out of place in a Godard project, a character reads Poe's 'The Bells,' almost in its entirety), this is Swanberg's most moving and impressive film...
FAIR Alexander the Last, a 72-minute series of loosely connected scenes, follows an actress's lurching conversations and tentative gestures in life and the theater.
FAIR Mumblecore has always lived in small moments, sometimes excruciatingly small, but rarely have these moments added up to a memorable takeaway message. Here, they do.
FAIR Swanberg aspires to the next level -- in story scope, character development, and artistic commentary -- and just misses the mark.
FAIR Part of that restless, productive team of mumblecore savants, Swanberg allows his actors to do what they do best: act.
BAD Is it worse as a love story or as a drama about the sorry state of television news? The answer: It's a tie.
BAD Glitz! Glamour! Love! TV news ethics?
FAIR A perfectly respectable effort, but with all the talent involved it could have been better.
BAD Bland TV expose loosely based on the life of Jessica Savitch
BAD Final proof that "based on actual events" means absolutely nothing.
BAD There is no real sexual tension between [Pfeiffer and Redford] from the get-go, so when they finally do get together, it feels forced, ungenuine.
FAIR It doesn't get anymore romantic than this
BAD Serious flick that feels more like a satire of a Robert Redford film.
FAIR This is one of those untaxing time-killers where you spend a lot of time pondering which of its actress's changing hairstyles you like best.
FAIR Funciona muito bem ate o instante em que decide que abracar um romance hollywoodiano e mais importante do que respeitar a logica de sua narrativa.
BAD By the time Salvadori has finally wrapped things up and paired off his characters in a predictable fashion, many viewers may feel that these foolish and tiresome individuals deserve each other.
BAD The plot is hoary and eventually saccharine.
FAIR Generally light and frothy, the film's direction and ending is wholly predictable but Tautou helps to make the journey worthwhile.
BAD Winsome in the extreme and a bit chauvinist too.
GOOD Silly but amiable...
BAD Only Sami Bouajila, playing the bemused, overeducated handyman-in-the-middle, emerges with his dignity relatively intact.
BAD This was an opportunity for Tautou to represent a new kind of romantic anti-heroine, but nobody seemed to be interested.
FAIR It's frisky and watchable, at least until the untangling of feelings reveals there's little but contrivance keeping it afloat.
BAD The film is full of sub-Marivaux comic contrivances, ersatz Gallic charm - the kind you can squeeze from a tube - and whimsical improbability.
FAIR Fans of Tautou will enjoy watching a film that's nicely shot and quite amusing at times, but this is sadly no Amelie.
BAD The French, perhaps, like this sort of comedy of chaos a mite more than we do, but Beautiful Lies is enjoyable enough.
FAIR Watchable French romcom (or Fromcom) that doesn't quite pull off the magic of either Priceless or Heartrbeaker but succeeds thanks to an amusing script and winning performances from its three leads.
BAD The script grinds its way through sundry reversals, initial jollity giving way to plodding rigmarole.
GOOD Salvadori's small pocket of volatile life, like in any soap opera, is intoxicating to watch and voyeuristic in nature.
FAIR Undemanding if occasionally uneven stuff.
BAD Salvadori generates few laughs from this convoluted tale, whose romcom trappings sit uneasily with its lonely, troubled characters.
BAD It's actually not the first French comedy I've seen recently that just seemed not so much funny as just a bit off somehow and I really didn't enjoy this very much.
BAD I'm sure a lot of people will go along with the stupid premise of the film and enjoy it hugely. I wish I'd been able to.
GOOD Unashamedly a soap opera, but it's not only an excellent example of that too easily dismissed form -- it's a soap opera with an agenda.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is an exhilarating ride -- a feel-good yarn about a Mumbai street kid directed by Danny Boyle with a wild energy that makes even Trainspotting (Boyle's calling card) look leaden-footed.
FAIR A compelling piece of entertainment that poses bigger questions than it answers, Slumdog Millionaire is a modern version of the Cinderella story with some spicy food for thought, and an undeniably sweet core.
GOOD The movie's real heat comes from the soulful performances by Patel and stunning newcomer Freida Pinto as Slumdog Millionaire's star-crossed lovers. It's their chemistry, as much as Boyle's exuberance, that sells the whole thing.
GOOD Will he get the money [and], more importantly, will he get the girl? The whole of India is watching and rooting for him and by the end of the film you will be too.
GOOD I got swept up at the end. As will everyone. There's no denying the solid crowd pleaser structure behind this.
GOOD Danny Boyle and company have crafted a film that feels like a project of citizens of the world, not outsiders looking in.
GOOD Dazzlingly photographed Indian locations add impact and Boyle never puts a foot wrong in bringing the gripping fable beautifully to the boil to deliver a masterly movie that deserves every award that's going.
GOOD It's a story with a simple and schematic structure, yet as the film progresses and the stakes get higher it cleverly works the built-in tension of the TV show into the drama of the unfolding narrative.
FAIR What keeps the film semi-worthwhile is Patel's decent lead performance and Boyle's flair for visuals, especially in a film-ending dance sequence. But the payoffs aren't all that great, and the movie doesn't engage on any major level.
GOOD It even ends with a Bollywood-style musical number. I'd like to see those pouty kids in Twilight pull that off.
GOOD Does it live up to the hype? For the most part, yes.
GOOD The movie's real star is the city itself, which is brought to hectic, exuberant life by Boyle and ace cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle.
GOOD This sensational, gripping film is what I call an efficient epic.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is a giddy, breathtaking experience, kind of like winning a million bucks. It's also tough, violent and shocking.
GOOD It's Oliver Twist by way of City of God.
GOOD A great movie is something more than the sum total of all its parts, and here, the elements all come together to form a feature that speaks a universal form of optimism that isn't likely to get lost in translation.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire is a film that's rich with character, emotion and pathos - with a supremely uplifting finale that'll leave your head in the clouds, it's the kind of movie that will significantly brighten your day.
GOOD It's a big, exuberant film that revels in the joy of a good story.
GOOD Jets along on a rocket-fuel cocktail of blood-pumping adrenaline, powerful secrets, searing heartache and rousing uplift.
GOOD There's currently plenty of Oscar buzz and it's richly deserved, as Slumdog Millionaire ranks alongside The Wrestler as the two latest masterpieces of the 21st Century.
GOOD I have tried, but I cannot imagine the person who would not have a fantastic time at Slumdog Millionaire.
GOOD Like a director from Hollywood's golden age, Boyle has a particular talent for putting a realistic spin on the outlandish.
GOOD Features a striking hero named Jamal Malik, who is as intrepid, indomitable and pure of heart as an idealized medieval knight.
GOOD Slumdog Millionaire immerses the audience in an alien landscape and shows it through the eyes of a young man fighting against history and his own culture's expectations.
GOOD Captivatingly told, dynamically directed and superbly acted; Slumdog Millionaire is near unfaultable.
BAD [The] we-are-the-world inclusiveness comes across like shameless pandering-a blatant effort to secure as much global financing as possible.
BAD It may be the worst romantic comedy I have ever seen, and this is not hyperbole.
BAD The story and the circumstances are goofy enough to have been taken from an episode of "Three's Company."
BAD What wants to be a screwball comedy is run over by preposterous character motivation and a clunky plot.
BAD More dippy than romantic or funny.
BAD Pretty actors and pretty Paris locations don't rescue this limp collection of weary Euro-nationalist stereotypes and the lame situations the story puts them in
BAD The film turns the miscommunication between cultures into an utterly lifeless romantic comedy best appreciated as a travel guide for first-time tourists to Paris.
GOOD In these times when all risk is assumed by CGI effects, Keaton's squealing funny, exquisitely timed, death-defying leaps are all the more breathtaking.
GOOD The film boasts the most sustained passages of virtuoso slapstick genius Keaton ever shot, and an unflagging momentum that lets it get away with being a reel longer than most of his best-known pictures.
GOOD A hilarious comedy and a thrilling action film. The General has it all.
GOOD This is a silent film worth making a noise about.
GOOD A jaw-plunging blend of physical dexterity and bravura moviemaking.
GOOD Silent masterpiece is enter-train-ment for all ages.
GOOD he General is the highlight of his career's tragicomic performances, featuring not just the awe-inspiring stunts that were his bread and butter, but also a level of fluidity only he and Chaplin attained at the top of their games.
GOOD Keaton proves as endlessly clever and athletic as his screen surrogates...chock-full of hilarious sight gags, including bits of business that incorporate moving trains, cow-catchers, a bear (and bear trap), and a misbehaving cannon. [Blu-ray]
GOOD The General isn't likely to be the favorite opus of the star's purist fans, but it's the one with the trappings of ambition and historical poesy
GOOD Spectacular chases, fires and explosions are captured with fluid camerawork. There are no stunt doubles for Keaton and of course no digital effects.
GOOD The birth of slapstick.
GOOD Amongst the greatest of all silent comedies, The General isn't just important, it's bloody hilarious.
GOOD One of the greatest comedies ever produced. It is Keaton at his inventive best.
GOOD Silent classic is one of Keaton's best
GOOD Keaton's genius has never found more perfect expression.
BAD Vastly overrated; moderately charming but I think I laughed once.
GOOD Perfection.
GOOD Keaton at the top of his form.
GOOD Keaton's most ambitious and one of his most rewarding.
GOOD Its peerless mixture of exciting action and kinetic comedy are one of moviedom's supreme pleasures.
GOOD One of the greatest films of the silent era.
GOOD Newcomers will doubtless be surprised at the excellent pacing of the action.
GOOD Ranks among the greatest movies ever made.
GOOD The General is inarguably Keaton's most stirring movie, if not his greatest.
GOOD There's no point sitting on the fence on this one. Buster Keaton's The General is a work of genius.
GOOD [Keaton's films] have such a graceful perfection, such a meshing of story, character and episode, that they unfold like music.
FAIR Jean Harlow shines in her penultimate film.
GOOD Kelly's delight - not in his own movements, but in the sheer joy of being able to move - is contagious.
GOOD It's tough to fight the consensus that this is the greatest movie musical of all time (although, to be honest, I would place it second, just a hair below Top Hat), but what's often lost in the praise is that this also qualifies as a great comedy.
GOOD Often considered the finest musical of all time.
GOOD For humour and sheer energy, no musical betters Singin' In The Rain.
GOOD The greatest musical ever!! A movie everyone should see over and over again. If it doesn't touch you, check your pulse.
GOOD A big beautiful film! You can watch it 1000 times and still giggle!
FAIR False picture of early talkie era is not nearly as good as its reputation.
GOOD Hollywood's best musical
GOOD Compounded generously of music, dance, color, spectacle and a riotous abundance of Gene Kelly, Jean Hagen and Donald O'Connor on the screen, all elements in this rainbow program are carefuly contrived and guaranteed to...put you in a buttercup mood.
GOOD Watching Singin' in the Rain is an exuberant, magical experience -- a journey deep into the heart of feel-good territory.
GOOD A rare musical whose story -- scripted by Betty Comden and Adolph Green -- is just as good as the songs.
GOOD It is an improbable masterpiece; a film where everything just has that indistinguishable quality of fitting together.
GOOD Sure, we respect An American in Paris. But we truly love Singin' in the Rain.
GOOD The restored version of the 1952 classic musical will have you dancing in your seat, whistling along, and wishing for rain.
GOOD The best example of Hollywood's golden age of musicals, it is being released on an eye-popping new DVD that literally explodes with color.
GOOD ..light, frothy, and charming, a complete delight from beginning to end.
GOOD Alternately funny and hilarious
GOOD There is no way anyone anywhere won't love Singin' in the Rain!
GOOD Asked to name the top ten moments in the history of movies, most people would include the title number from this movie, in which Gene Kelly splashes and sings in the rain with what Roger Ebert called 'saturated ecstasy.'
GOOD There is a wonderful cynicism throughout Singin' in the Rain, with everybody either kidding themselves or pretending to be something they are not.
GOOD One of the highpoints of hoofin' history but, more importantly, an unadulterated joy.
GOOD If I were only allowed to own one musical -- and I love Hollywood musicals -- this would be it.
GOOD Very likely the greatest musical MGM or anyone else ever produced.
GOOD There is no movie musical more fun than Singin' in the Rain, and few that remain as fresh over the years.
GOOD Singin' in the Rain isn't just one of the classics of Old Hollywood. It is also one very fine example of a genre that is almost banished from the big studios of today -- musicals.
BAD ...a pedestrian narrative that remains both predictable and uninvolving at virtually every turn...
FAIR Hollywood seems to have belatedly realised where a lot of disposable income is located.
FAIR Douglas and Keaton do just as well with the romantic angle, mostly because he's so adept at dispelling any whiff of mawkishness. Oren's essential orneriness remains, no matter what, and the film turns out to be a lot of fun because of him.
BAD I was absolutely appalled at Michael Douglas' performance in this and I thought he was really so unconvincing but... I think this screenplay is so bad that it's hard for any of those actors to make anything out of it.
BAD Whatever happened to Rob Reiner?... [He] seems utterly disengaged as he ploddingly assembles a film whose potential is never realised.
FAIR These legendary stars don't disappoint in their first screen teaming, and Reiner should have trusted them more to completely take over the film a lot more quickly than he does.
BAD Hilarity ensues. Or not.
BAD Lukewarm romcom has some drug content, swearing.
BAD Perhaps it's unfair to compare cinematic schmaltz like And So It Goes to Reiner's best work, but he and everyone involved have proven capable of so much more.
FAIR While it's a reasonably entertaining movie, it's one that will be enjoyed more by women than men, who might start to fidget after a while.
BAD Where former A-list actors go to end their movie careers. Next stop, a really bad alphabet network TV series.
BAD Engaging, yet forgettable....it's aimed at a senior-citizen audience and should enjoy a long life as a DVD.
FAIR Everything about the movie is as uninspired as the title.
BAD How you react to "And So It Goes" depends entirely on your appreciation of Diane Keaton. The movie is so Keaton-centric it might as well have been titled "La Di Da, La Di Da."
BAD The best reason to see the film lies in the performance of good ol' Frances Sternhagen...her smoky delivery really is priceless.
FAIR This film is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
FAIR Curmudgeon Finds Humanity
BAD A sitcom-like blob of sentimental geriatric gloop.
BAD Thirty years to the week after "When Harry Met Sally,'' Rob Reiner directs the excruciating, mawkish and interminable romantic dramedy "And So It Goes'' with shocking ineptitude.
BAD "And So It Goes" does what it needs to do for its target audience in thoroughly sufficient, mediocre ways.
BAD Adequate perhaps for a matinee on a dull weekday - but only if the senior discount applies.
BAD None of this is remotely funny. It's actually kind of sad.
BAD If director Rob Reiner's AARP-aimed comedy stumbles on several fronts, at least it provides a stage for some seasoned pros to strut their stuff.
BAD What a condescending movie this is.
FAIR And So It Goes hits the right notes to satiate an audience keen for sight gags and the un-PC rants of the over-60s, in a light 90 minutes that never strays too far from the established rules of the romantic comedy.
BAD A movie as generic as its title, And So It Goes is about a cranky old man who gets to know and help a child in need and becomes a happier, better person. Yes, I know. I gagged a little when I wrote that, too.
BAD The movie is mush, featuring a two-dimensional turn by Diane Keaton and a truly atrocious performance by the usually dependable Michael Douglas.
BAD Pure schmaltz masquerading as life wisdom, it pairs Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton for no apparent reason other than that they fit the elder baby boomer cohort the film is squarely aimed at.
BAD In a different movie with a better script, Douglas and Keaton might have been charming together, with his dryness balancing her feathery ramblings.
BAD For most of the film the tension revolves around whether Oren will manage to sell a house for $8-million or merely $5-million. I was on the back of my seat.
FAIR It's a cliched premise no doubt, but thankfully Reiner and cast play up the comedic angle and make what could have been a flat, Lifetime weepy something springy and possessed of an intermittent joy.
BAD Translates your average bad teen comedy into a below-average adult romantic comedy.
FAIR Mildly amusing Josh Hartnett sex comedy.
BAD This tedious romantic romp is based on a single idea--a hunk (Josh Hartnet) abstaining from sex for the duration of Lent--extended to the limits of a feature-length picture.
FAIR They could have easily made yet another gross-out comedy, but instead the laughs are born of clever writing and likable characters.
BAD Finds a way to present a light-hearted sexual comic fairy tale, then derails itself with bad romantic comedy fallbacks.
BAD This movie was about the most excruciating hour and a half I've endured recently.
FAIR A reasonably intelligent adult comedy.
BAD This film would've been a lot funnier if the filmmaker's had shown the slightest bit of imagination in terms of the plot's comic possibilities.
FAIR It's a collection of guy humor, no more and no less.
FAIR In places 40 Days is actually quite witty but one can't help feeling that both Hartnett and Lehmann ... deserve better than this.
BAD Mean-spirited, ugly little movie.
BAD The movie reminded me of a beer commercial during a football game, with about as much depth but not nearly the wit.
GOOD A sex comedy starring Josh Hartnett is almost guaranteed a mainstream following. But that hasn't kept Lehmann from giving 40 Days the look and feel of a spirited, independent comedy.
BAD You may feel like taking a vow of abstinence yourself -- at least from Hollywood youth-sex comedies.
FAIR 'An admittedly raunchy but smart satirical poke at sexual politics in the information age. It's also funnier than we have any right to expect.'
FAIR The script boils down to 90 minutes of dirty jokes. Most of them are funny and some are hilarious.
BAD Hartnett may grow into a major film star someday with better material, but this is a one-night stand he'll want to forget.
FAIR This is a movie full of sex jokes, but they don't involve mechanics and fluids so much as the nature of sex and the way it governs young life.
BAD Then, there's the seen-that-before scene of poor Matt walking around with a protrusion he seems blithely unaware of that seems to go to some preposterously immense proportions.
BAD None of the characters interested me.
BAD A dulling experience. The movie screams been there, done that and offers nothing new to the table.
BAD Why do screenwriters demean women in these movies by having them find these lunk-headed doofuses so attractive?
BAD Not the funniest film ever on this subject, but a nice statement and satire on relationships today.
FAIR it is essentially a slightly more mature gross-out comedy
FAIR The material may be lightweight, but it's been shaped into a film that deserves to become a classic in an admittedly lightweight genre.
FAIR A funny sex comedy about not having sex.
FAIR It has a way of wearing out what's supposed to be knockabout farce.
FAIR For all its outrageous humor, 40 Days and 40 Nights actually has something to say about the value of emotional intimacy over physical intimacy.
FAIR Creates a rapport with its young viewers by first affronting them with its crude treatment of sex and then entertaining them with a silly plot.
FAIR Two previously boring actors [Hartnett and Sossamon] ... bring their characters to sparkly life.
FAIR An appealing romantic comedy directed by Peter Weir.
BAD Stop me if you've heard this one... too late.
GOOD The story could have been turned into a plastic sitcom, but ... the crackling chemistry between Depardieu and MacDowell gives it considerable charm.
GOOD Engaging romantic comedy.
FAIR Sickly sweet
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
BAD The typical romantic comedy keeps the leads apart or until just before the closing credits. This film falls flat because they engage in sex during the picture's opening sequence.
FAIR full review in Greek
BAD While not as aggressively mindless as many of its ilk, flick suffers from simple fatigue, as in: We're tired of seeing the exact same love story over and over.
BAD ...the script gives the actors virtually nothing to do and nothing to say in this subpar genre entry.
FAIR Uma obra aceitavel, simpatica e ate mesmo divertida - e se isto acontece, os meritos cabem ao diretor Nigel Cole e a simpatia de Ashton Kutcher.
GOOD Successfully turns the rom-com genre on its head.
BAD That's weird. I'm sure that When Harry Met Sally had been made already. And didn't it used to be funny?
FAIR A cut above the usual rubbish, thanks to a smart script, some gorgeous photography and the chemistry between its two leads
FAIR Although not as scathingly funny as the Ryan-Crystal classic, director Nigel Cole offers an engaging romance infused with the warmth and optimism of his previous films Calendar Girls and Saving Grace.
FAIR Gen-Y When Harry Met Sally update just barely works, thanks to Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet's chemistry.
BAD The film never convinces us that these two need to be together.
FAIR It doesn't hurt that there's plenty of chemistry between Peet and Kutcher...
BAD ... the whole production is simply as mediocre and half-baked as Hollywood gets.
FAIR It's strikingly well shot and acted, without resorting to sitcom silliness ... then just when it should end on a sigh, it spirals into the same old stupidity.
BAD If this is the state of courtship in the 21st century, then romance is not only dead, it's decomposed.
BAD Having sex before they know each other's names. Spitting water on each other. Showing each other chewed food. Antics you want to see from a young couple in love? Me neither.
BAD We learned last year that not even Jude Law could keep audiences interested for six movies in a year. Kutcher's limit appears to be one.
BAD A lot like every other Ashton Kutcher movie - BORING!
BAD Your reviewer is of the opinion that Amanda Peet deserves much better parts than she's been getting, but that's not enough to lead him to forgive the film its problems.
BAD Oliver plans to make it big by selling diapers through the Internet, maybe the very same service that provided Colin Patrick Lynch's script.
FAIR A pleasant little romantic comedy that doesn't try too hard and has the virtue of doing a few things differently.
FAIR A Lot Like Love ... is a cute movie.
FAIR It's an amiable enough diversion that unfolds like a bland cross between When Harry Met Sally and Serendipity.
FAIR Just when you despair that a whole generation could grow up without a decent date movie, without a romantic comedy that works well enough to call its own, Ashton Kutcher goes and surprises you.
BAD A Lot Like Love is a lot like many other movies of the rom-com ilk, in that we are left with absolutely no doubt about the outcome.
FAIR A Lot Like Love would be so much closer to perfect if it sustained its idiosyncratic tone.
BAD While Kutcher is charming, endearing and, to all appearances, perfect boyfriend material - especially when he's signing with his hearing-impaired brother - Peet is merely passable...
BAD Kutcher is a master of the satisfied grin. It's one of his two expressions, the other being the goofy, ear-to-ear smile, which often follows or precedes his satisfied grin.
FAIR A Lot Like Love is built around a string of coincidences, accidents and unlikely situations that send your eyes rolling in their sockets like marbles.
FAIR It doesn't sound like much, but the actors and director Nigel Cole really do fill the space that contrivance usually occupies with lots of charming and believable behavior.
BAD I'm considering sending an all-is-forgiven e-mail to the director of Just Married. As moronic as it was, at least it had some antic energy.
BAD It's a lot like a waste of time.
BAD Tired teen fare full of drinking, grossout humor.
FAIR Unevenly witty.
BAD [Kirsten] Dunst seems to be a fairly decent actress; why she keeps appearing in the same movie over and over is beyond me.
FAIR This one's going down in my teen hall of fame.
FAIR O'Hayer has some way to go before doing a John Hughes (The Breakfast Club, Pretty In Pink) but Get Over It is a headstart.
FAIR While this film does not do anything extraordinary for its genre, it has its moments, and Dunst and Foster are able to generate reasonable chemistry in their utterly predictable situation.
FAIR Sure, calling any flick "better than Van Wilder" is damning it with faint praise...but did I mention that this one's got Kirsten Dunst in it?
BAD Shakespeare probably made the point best: Teens rule; parents drool.
FAIR Too many times, a strange brand of humor appears and sours the proceedings.
FAIR Quite a bit more intelligent than most films in the genre.
BAD Features a dog humping a basketball, an electrocution, a cow urinating on the hero and kids drinking punch filled with vomit.
BAD At least Ben Foster communicates the ignorance and insecurity of being a troubled teen.
FAIR It's completely harmless -- taking that as a pro or a con will be entirely up to the individual viewer.
FAIR Offers a lot of yuks and a lot of fun.
BAD The first half is the usual brain-dead high school romantic comedy. It is pretty bad. The second half ... is pretty good.
FAIR ... needed - but didn't get - a good script doctor to rip out the stuff that doesn't work while keeping the good material.
FAIR A lighthearted, frothy entertainment that goes down with ease.
BAD More engaging than most offerings in this tired genre.
BAD Here's a fundamental rule of filmmaking: if you need to rely on a dog humping everything in sight to get laughs, you are not making a good movie.
BAD All its brief flickers of originality never add up to much and it never captures the spirit O'Haver obviously had in mind.
FAIR Crammed with clever lines and gorgeous visuals.
GOOD Get Over It breaks the formula for teen romances.
FAIR It's uneven, to be sure, but the charm of its leads and the good nature of its story overcome a lot of the movie's weaknesses.
FAIR May be halfhearted, but it's not entirely without heart.
BAD We end up feeling sorry for the two likable leads, Foster and Dunst, who have to endure all of the story's failed attempts at making recycled bathroom humor funny.
BAD Moments of bubbly charm come in fits and starts, and the wait requires lots of patience.
FAIR A blithe-spirited comedy.
BAD It's a movie that should have been called on account of boredom.
BAD Big chunks of plot seem to be missing, as if left on the editing-room floor so that director Mike Tollin, in his feature debut, can get to yet another inspiring speech.
BAD Not even a cast of fresh-faced acting hotshots can give flavour to this bland and undistinguished teen sporting romance.
BAD Despite an enjoyable turn from Brittany Murphy, the cliched plot (local poor boy pitches his way to the Major League) ensures that's the best this forgettable teen fodder can hope for.
BAD The film steps up a notch when the action is on the field. However, many directors before him have portrayed the beloved sport better.
BAD A baseball movie with no baseball, no movie, and absolutely no love involved.
BAD If this is what the boys of summer are offering, I say bring on football season -- now!
BAD Not that this is a particularly dispicable film, it just doesn't try to do anything new and delivers mostly wooden performances.
BAD Perhaps Freddie is simply a pawn in some sinister plan to destroy his career...
BAD Call this one foul.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. has become the opposite of the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval. His face on a movie poster guarantees a bad time.
BAD Whitman is right: Baseball is our poetic register, and so I've become whimsical for the days of tee-ball and George Brett and when baseball movies were beautiful.
BAD Check it out if you're drunk and looking for a shoulder-shrugging time-waster...
BAD Notable only for the spectacle of watching both Prinze and Biel getting out-performed in the same motion picture by Matthew Lillard.
BAD In the interest of maintaining the status quo running time of 80-some minutes, we are subjected to a painfully ugly series of subplots and side characters.
BAD Inoffensive, but utterly generic, the baseball-related romantic comedy does little more than kill time.
BAD It's almost any botched play analogy you can think of, though never exciting enough to be compared to a strike-out or even to a wild pitch.
BAD Will Ryan get a big league contract or spend the rest of his life mowing lawns? Will Ryan get the girl? Is baseball still America's pastime?
BAD Especially in the moments when Prinze Jr. is supposed to be an "angry young man," the movie veers dangerously toward unintentional comedy.
BAD Because I'm a baseball fan, I tend to be an easy mark for baseball-themed movies, but something as badly focused and feebly scripted as Summer Catch just makes me wish for the Fall.
BAD [The film is] directed by Michael Tollin with such a lack of imagination that it almost boggles the mind.
BAD So cloyingly heartfelt that it's all you can do not to giggle every time someone makes a prophetic, lovestruck proclamation.
FAIR There's expert direction by Michael Tollin, pleasing performances by the two young stars ... and strong support from a solid supporting cast.
BAD There are no surprises to be had--except that somehow, some way, the fluke that is Freddie Prinze Jr.'s film career has managed to go on for another couple of hours.
BAD A glossily filmed, well-acted comedic drama that gets buried in one scene and the next of worn-out material.
BAD This feature is like a double header, two sets of cliches for the price of one.
BAD This lightweight, poor boy-rich girl romance.
BAD Part of the problem with Summer Catch is that it can't decide if it wants to be a comedy or a drama.
BAD Summer Catch is the equivalent of a full-course meal with no calories. It is a mirage of a movie, 100 minutes of nothing.
BAD Freddie Prinze Jr. and Matthew Lillard try to score on and off the field in Summer Catch, a film that aspires to spice baseball with sex. But the result is more bull than Bull Durham.
GOOD As it stands, the vacuum of that warped, moneyed Los Angeles society is too exaggerated, too incredible. But one can't help but believe in Hoffman if not in the disjointed character he portrays.
GOOD Dustin Hoffman gives the inspired performance that launched his movie career, and director Mike Nichols shows a gift for social satire that has never glistened quite so brightly since.
GOOD Directorially, it is as cutting-edge late-Sixties as you can get -- all fish-bowl juxtapositions, dappled light and pensive close-ups.
GOOD Robert Surtees's stunning, innovative camerawork contributes telling visual ironies and the Simon and Garfunkel soundtrack perfectly captures the mood of disaffected youth seething beneath the laid-back exterior of 1960s California.
GOOD Anne Bancroft is the stand-out. She brings depth, subtlety, and a melancholy sadness to the part that goes far beyond what is in the script.
GOOD It's consistently fleet and funny, even as it probes the heady abandon and looming hangover that typified the decade of discontent.
GOOD Mike Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the DGA playbook for The Graduate.
GOOD Influential coming-of-age sex comedy.
GOOD Here's to you, Mrs Robinson.
FAIR Rather a shame it's so often mistaken for a statement about something beyond the milk-fed adolescent blues.
BAD I couldn't get past the fact what a tool Benjamin Braddock was.
GOOD ...plastics, an apt description for the artificial people and attitudes around him.
GOOD All the indie imitators that have come later still can't touch this hilarious and biting classic.
GOOD Here's to you Mrs Robinson....and Mike Nichols
GOOD The post-college burnout feeling that continues to resonate with audiences today. A comedy of tragedy, in which a man's youthful idealism is dealt its inevitable deathblow.
GOOD Hoffman may be a trifle too old for the role, but the movie's still amazing.
GOOD They don't make 'em much better than this (or Anne Bancroft's unforgettable Mrs. Robinson).
GOOD It launched a type of film that is with us even today. Think not? Look at the work of David O. Russell and Wes Anderson and think again.
GOOD Visually stunning, but more superficial than you expect or remember.
GOOD The Graduate is a flawlessly acted and produced film.
GOOD Should be compulsory viewing for any director, writer, editor or actor about to set foot in Hollywood.
GOOD Hilarious! some of Nichol's and Hoffman's best work.
BAD Perhaps the most overrated film ever.
GOOD Though often hilarious, this film is much more than just a comedy.
GOOD Nichols provides a masterclass in using the widescreen frame to elucidate complex emotional situations with ease and understatement.
GOOD Cruel comedy with a delicious light touch.
GOOD Buck Henry's ironic script is at once biting and thoughtful.
GOOD To paraphrase a line from another famous film, what do you say about a movie that has everything?
BAD Romance, pratfalls, grossout jokes in lame comedy.
BAD [It] just gets dumber and dumber.
BAD Head Over Heels isn't exactly terrible - it's just completely uninspired.
BAD The girls decide to conduct their own wacky investigation, with consequences that are at best negligibly humorous.
BAD Between the ridiculous stereotypes and "stupid model" jokes, the comedy in Head Over Heels stands up. The romance, on the other hand, simmers but never really boils.
BAD Head Over Heels may bear some superficial resemblance to a movie, but don't be fooled -- it's really just a marketing strategy, a loose assemblage of components each pitched to a particular demographic.
BAD When anyone's not delivering the groaners that pass for zingers, someone bumps into something and has a 'hilarious' pratfall.
BAD For all their charm, even they can't salvage the clunker outfitting them.
BAD Lo mas recomendable es que la tomen como una de las ultimas opciones o que de plano vayan y renten algun buen video.
GOOD I flipped for it.
BAD Potter has the presence, charisma, looks and talent to be a romantic comedy star, but Head Over Heels is the wrong movie to push that effort forward.
BAD Just like an unholy creature put together from the dead, Head Over Heels threatens to fall apart in motion and lives up to its pledge.
BAD Awful, detestable and horrible.
BAD The movie needs Meg Ryan or Jenna Elfman (and a better script).
BAD Just another bland, fair-to-middling vehicle for two emerging, fledgling stars.
BAD One of those movies that ostensibly takes place in the real world ... but is so ineptly plotted it's practically senseless.
FAIR It's hard to make a romantic thriller click in the best of circumstances, and this one takes low aim at a young audience weaned on gross-out gags.
BAD Light stuff, the cinematic equivalent of the airy wax paper that separates cold cuts on a delicatessen scale.
BAD The setting and the premise are promising, but the creators unduly complicate matters with a silly murder-mystery subplot.
FAIR Grows on you like a warm, fuzzy fungus, overcoming your better judgment with a lively pace and a surprising number of laughs.
BAD Head Over Heels, like Mr. Prinze's other movies, exists in a realm beyond sense, and it induces in the viewer a trancelike state, leaving the mind free to ponder the mysteries of the universe.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
BAD If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters. In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
BAD It's one thing for the leads to not share believable romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not even striking believable negative vibes as a divorced couple.
BAD An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
BAD Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
BAD This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not conceived by storytellers.
BAD It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
BAD Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint. Bland, bland, bland.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
BAD The movie breaks out the usual cliches of the genre ... There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
BAD It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food. You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
BAD Hunter shoots and misses.
FAIR Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends." This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
BAD There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
BAD Did no one notice this thing was lying on the floor like a landed fish while they were making the film?
BAD Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
BAD You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
BAD There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
BAD The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
BAD The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
BAD The perfect watch if you don't fancy a challenge. Any sort of challenge at all.
BAD Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
BAD The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list. The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
BAD The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking. If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
BAD I'm actually yawning as I type this.
BAD I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
BAD Not so much a comedy thriller as a case of arrested development.
BAD Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
BAD How could anyone not be interested in a film combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
BAD A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
BAD Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
BAD a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
BAD Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory. The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
BAD The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
BAD Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle. Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
BAD Despite a breezy premise, this rom-com displays lazy filmmaking at almost every level of the production
BAD To end my assessment on the level of the film's writing, you'll wish you never heard about the Morgans. (Ha ha ha)
BAD Potro%u0161eni Hugh Grant i antipati%u010Dna izvedba S.J. Parker u komediji koja je trebala biti slasher horror
BAD You've seen it before, and you'll see it again. In one way or another 'Did You Hear About the Morgans?' is the same old fish-out-of-water story that's been put to film dozens of times.
BAD This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising.
BAD Hugh, what a stinker! Mediocre sit-com humour doesn't help an unoriginal premise and a star pairing with less believable chemistry than a pebble and another slightly smaller pebble. Where's a straight-to-video distributor when you need one?
FAIR In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it.
BAD Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant.
BAD The trouble with his new film, though, is not its lack of grit, but its lack of ambition and originality. It's one of those films that you've seen before - even before you've seen it.
BAD Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late.
BAD A hellish rom-com bereft of chuckles and charm. A good screwball comedy should have laughs, heart, sexiness, rapid-fire banter and, most importantly, chemistry between its two leads - Did You Hear About The Morgans? has not one of these things.
FAIR Considering how rarely Grant works, you'd expect genuine excellence in the scripts he picks. We'd expected more than this merely serviceable, not very believable Hollywood romcom.
BAD We've seen this a hundred times before...only better.
BAD Parker and Grant sleepwalk their way through a flatline comedy in which old jokes can be seen coming a mile away.
BAD Grant's familiar, pained and rueful expressions start to look like an actor's commentary on the film, not a character's response to events within it.
BAD Like sitting under the dentist's drill for 100 minutes, there's not a single, solitary laugh in the whole damn thing. In fact, it's a film so bad you actually start to feel sorry for the stars.
BAD While at times the pair sparkle and most importantly have chemistry, entire scenes are laugh-free zones as far as the dialogue is concerned.
BAD Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse.
BAD Let down by a script that's not funny enough and a plot that's so formula it came from a baby's bottle.
BAD Punishingly lame and containing little romance to compensate for the absence of comedy.
FAIR Neither good nor bad. Scales dizzying new heights of okay. Aims for mediocrity... and nails it.
BAD Disappointing romcom with a lazy, predictable plot, irritating characters, lacklustre performances and painfully unfunny set-pieces.
FAIR ...a lightweight but entertaining comedy deftly performed by some old hands.
BAD Morgans not worth hearing from.
FAIR A friend in Hollywood told me last summer to expect a lot of "recession" movies - movies contrived to provide all those involved with a quick paycheck - in the coming months and I'm guessing this is what he meant.
FAIR With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com.
BAD You've already heard every joke it has to tell.
BAD Yes, I've heard about the Morgans. I've heard about Matthew McConaughey Morgan, Debra Messing Morgan, Gerard Butler Morgan, Renee Zellweger Morgan, John Cusack Morgan and Kate Hudson Morgan. All the damn morgans.
BAD Sweet and funny, this is more suitable for a TV movie than a big screen feature
FAIR The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
BAD It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
BAD I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
BAD Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, "Cut."
BAD Bland, charmless and witless - trust me, you don't want to hear about the Morgans.
BAD Hugh Grant and Carrie Bradshaw (yeah, I know) go to the woods. It's by the numbers, harmless and almost without charm.
BAD Forget witness protection, with this one you need protection %u2014 'witless' protection.
BAD A really dumb romantic comedy with the trendy storyline of someone falling in love with somebody who has been betrayed.
BAD The cliche-ridden dialogue is delivered with no feeling or conviction and a predictable ending leaves you wanting more. The supporting players are given little to do, but outshine the marquee names.
BAD The Back-Up Plan has all of the cliches of a bad rom com, but it's not enough to fall into that formula. It also tries to be a raunch fest
BAD Has an intriguing concept, but with tired jokes, dumb characters and uninspired direction, the execution is botched all around making for a perfect example of all that's bad with the romantic comedy genre.
BAD Alan Poul's "The Back-Up Plan" is another film in a long line of films that are formulaic to the bone, containing little to no originality, all while following around characters that we could care less about.
BAD ...comes off as an almost prototypical example of a modern romantic comedy...
BAD This movie feels just like J-Lo's 'Back-Up Plan'.
BAD J-Lo je uspjena vlasnica trgovine koja se zakora&#269;ivi u 30-e mora suo&#269;iti s nimalo ugodnom spoznajom da nije pronala "Gospodina Pravog"
BAD J.Lo romcom bursts with frank pregnancy, sex talk.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Even though it's both silly and sappy, it has a vaguely realistic tone that lets us identify with the characters
BAD Saunters along as if all concerned had decided that imagination and flair were either unnecessary or impossible.
BAD Jennifer Lopez is famous for one reason only. And odds are, that's where she found the script for The Back-up Plan.
BAD The cast is fine but the film is strident and bland. Having an Audrey Hepburn DVD on standby might be the best back-up plan.
BAD The Back-up Plan is nothing if not a terrible movie.
BAD It's nice to have Jennifer Lopez back on the big screen - delivering the lines and handling the slapstick with ease. Here's hoping she has a hit on her hands and doesn't need a back-up plan.
BAD A romcom that can't be called "formulaic" without insulting formulas everywhere.
BAD It's not a movie -- it's a piece of product.
BAD To be forgotten forever.
BAD The are many things that I don't want to come back, such as the Black Death, volcanic dust clouds and J-Lo rom-coms.
BAD Lopez deserves better than this excruciating material. In fact, all actors do.
BAD Sporadically amusing but rarely inspired.
BAD It's a film that raises the larger question of why we're seeing vehicles for high profile female stars, written by women, that nevertheless manage to be intensely patronising towards women.
BAD If this is a comeback, let's hope J-Lo's got something else up her sleeve.
GOOD This romcom is as predictable and contrived as they come, especially when they have to break-up before inevitably getting back together for the happy ending. But it's also funny and sweet, with some amusing lines.
BAD In the end not even a good comeback performance from Lopez can make this anything more than a forgettable date movie.
BAD As witty as Gigli, as Shakespearean as The Wedding Planner, this limp rom-com bumps from one piece of comic furniture to another.
FAIR If you can get over the impossibly glamorous lifestyle of the immaculately groomed Zoe and the pumped-up pecs of the good guy goat farmer then Will & Grace screenwriter Kate Angelo's script will strike a few chords.
BAD Disappointing romcom that has an original premise and some nice ideas but ultimately drowns them out with poor writing, irritating support characters, an overdose of sentimentality and a string of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD "The Back-Up Plan" is a stupid, unfunny, gross and annoying film. Let's just get that out of the way right now.
BAD Back-Up Needs a Better Plan.
BAD Want to see lots of barf scenes? How about tons of references to genitalia? What about several poop-focused jokes?
BAD The Back-Up Plan represents a major comeback for Jennifer Lopez. Unfortunately, she's come back to making crap.
BAD This isn't a motion picture so much as it's a new form of Chinese water torture.
BAD Here is yet another example of a genre where there are so many examples of how to do it right that it's amazing how they keep getting it wrong.
BAD CBS Films had a love child with the Lifetime Network. The spawn of that conjugal nightmare is crawling across movie screens, leaving a trail of mediocrity in its wake.
BAD As a pregnant single woman, Jennifer Lopez glows spectacularly. Director Alan Poul's bland baby comedy, however, appears to have been a light labor.
BAD Why call it a movie when it's really more of an extended, cutesy TV episode that ought to come with a laugh track and a vibrator?
BAD Jennifer is beautiful but the movie is too cutesy and predictable
FAIR Not the best romantic comedy, but as an expectant mother it's humor engaged me!
BAD It's fortunate that Jennifer Lopez has her own back-up plan as a pop singer because her taste in romantic comedies reeks of formulaic and stale.
FAIR Does not end with any cohesive point, but as a study in style and technique it shows a woman enamored with the sensation of classic cinematic values.
BAD It may not be laughably awful - like her and Ritchie's Swept Away - it's something far worse...boring.
BAD Is this the end of Madonna as a movie maker, a case of her always ambitious reach exceeding her limited grasp?
BAD W.E. is staggeringly misjudged, infuriatingly revisionist, blindingly stupid and stomach evacuatingly terrible.
BAD Impossible to recommend to anyone not already fascinated with the British royal family, or at least jonesing for a companion piece to The King's Speech.
FAIR Truth be told, the film isn't THAT bad, and if it had been directed by an unknown rather than a controversial media icon, it might have been more charitably dismissed as an ambitious failure.
GOOD not a completely horrible film ...there's one sequence - an anachronistic and jarring one in which Wallis Simpson ... dances with a Masai tribesman to the Sex Pistols' "Pretty Vacant" - that I think indicates that Madge has real potential as a director.
BAD An ambitiously conceived and beautifully designed and costumed but disjointed work; each scene is impressive on its own, but the movie -- like its heroines? -- lacks a coherent identity.
FAIR Madonna doesn't appear in W.E. but her artistic sensibilities are on display at every turn.
BAD Tonally and emotionally all over the map, Madonna wants to celebrate Wallis' and Edward's martini-shaking high living while also wallowing in her hidden pain.
BAD Hear us out, Madge: Next time, go with what you know.
BAD Enough already with the famous-equals-feminist school of female icons - it's not enough to simply dress well.
BAD The coda plays like one long and petulant foot stomp about sacrifice and due recognition of said sacrifice, and in that, too, it's impossible not to tease the thread back to its maker, striking a pose as misunderstood icon.
BAD It's hard to hate a movie that escorts us to such lovely locales, but instead of marking the territory as her own, Madonna has directed a potentially provocative story like a virgin.
BAD With "W.E." Madonna gorges on glamour, architectural porn and haute couture but starves the mind.
FAIR The film is stylishly shot. And, in weaving the stories of Wally and Wallis, Madonna trusts viewers to move from mood to mood, era to era without overexplanation, the way music-video editing long ago trained us to.
FAIR Neither story comes alive, in large part because the film never stops moving long enough to let them.
BAD A movie more concerned with how things look than how they feel.
BAD The big problem is that "W.E." has too much ground to cover, including three marriages for Wallis and one for Wally.
BAD To start by answering the only question most people probably care about very much: Arianne Phillips's costumes are pretty great, all right.
BAD The production is nice looking, and telling the Edward-and-Wallis story from her side is an interesting idea, but it's one that Madonna simply can't pull off here.
BAD Madonna, for all her faults, cast this self-funded feature with uncharacteristic cinematic poise. Otherwise, though, it's a disappointment
BAD a glossy mess with no discernable point of view; a gluttonous feast of self-pity by women with a total lack of self-awareness
BAD Madonna directs mature, uneven drama; some domestic abuse.
BAD If it's not quite the unholy mess that the reviews have promised, there's no question that this is a sloppy, hubristic affair.
BAD A movie that's less about people than the fetishistic obsession with style.
BAD The best thing that can be said about "W.E." is that as failed bits of year-end Oscar bait involving England in the 20th century go, it is better than "The Iron Lady." Unfortunately, it isn't that much better.
BAD As a director, Madonna has flair without ability, but she does have flair.
BAD "W.E." is a mess, but it's certainly an attractive one; the characters are underdeveloped, yet so relentlessly art- directed that at least there's always something lovely to look at.
BAD Madonna the director deserves a script better than the one Madonna the screenwriter handed off to her.
BAD [It] tries awfully hard. In the end it tries our patience.
BAD Finally, a Hollywood feature directed by someone who's performed live at the Super Bowl halftime show.
BAD W.E. may be Madonna's second directorial effort, but she still tells a story like a virgin.
BAD Madonna as a director has no discernible idea of how to locate a tone, or a provocative blend of tones. Her camera makes circles around its subjects every chance it gets in ways that evoke - nothing.
FAIR "W.E." is an elegant, ambitious and relentlessly monotonous film.
FAIR If Madonna wants to move into directing then she should get someone else to write the scripts. She has a fine visual eye, but she seems at a loss on how to put together an entertaining story.
BAD Terrible, but fascinating- not for the movie itself, but the fact that Madonna thought these people were worth making a movie about.
BAD A tale for the ages compressed into something thoroughly forgettable.
BAD The historic storyline is far better done than the present day one, which ultimately leads to half a decent movie and another half that's almost unbearable.
BAD The question that needs to be asked about Madonna's "W.E." is why?
BAD For Madonna, what better symbol than a vanity mirror for her vanity project - both are stylish and both reflect nothing more than their own emptiness.
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ... You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness. Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
BAD Beauty and the Beast is one of the great, traditional love stories and this film simply feels devoid of any such romanticism, with no chemistry or spark between our protagonists of any kind.
GOOD This odd, funny and surprisingly sweet horror romance is highly recommended.
GOOD If it hits your sweet spot like it does mine, it combines two familiar things in wildly original ways. This is my Weird Date Night pick of the week.
GOOD The love story at the center of Spring is mysterious, funny and often poignant -- a tough enough thing even to describe, let alone commit to film.
BAD This oddball film's mashup innovations often come at the price of storytelling discipline and, to some extent, common sense.
FAIR Hides a few small joys for monster-movie fanatics looking for a throwback thrill.
FAIR An ambitious and often enchanting genre hybrid ...
GOOD A landmark of irresistible weirdness, "Spring" brings horror out of its long winter hibernation.
GOOD Maintains unpredictability and sticks the landing for a great finish, anchored by winning chemistry from its central pair.
GOOD Spring is refreshingly sincere and emotionally direct in addressing his confusion and grief, her standoffishness, and the hiccups in their relationship.
FAIR Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's Spring is a clever and severely romantic creature feature that, not unlike its dim-witted bro hero, is in desperate need of a woman's touch.
FAIR A profound and unshakable sense of unease pervades the entirety of Spring, from the opening scene all the way to the unexpected finish.
BAD It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.
GOOD This is a romantic horror with sci-fi inflections and it's a stunning example of the power of cinema.
GOOD Spring is a unique, engaging and utterly beguiling feature; one that smartly defies genre conventions at every turn.
GOOD I can only imagine discovering Spring as a teenager; I'm glad I discovered it at all.
GOOD Spring is both a whimsical love story and intensified creature feature, standing as one of the most artful interpretations of eternal romance achieved since, well, never.
GOOD An inventive original and leads to some stunning transformations and suspenseful sequences. Benson and Moorhead know how to manipulate the audience in a fun way. It's okay. You can trust them to take you on a good ride.
GOOD Burton's modern fairytale has an almost palpably personal feel: it is told gently, subtly and with infinite sympathy for an outsider who charms the locals but then inadvertently arouses their baser instincts.
GOOD ...perhaps the cinema's most enchanting parable about the misunderstood and alienated artist.
GOOD Fine performances all around, particularly from Depp and the immensely sympathetic Wiest.
GOOD Visually, stylistically and emotionally stunning.
GOOD [Burton and Depp] seem to bring out the best in each other.
FAIR Burton's movies are fairytales for retarding evolution.
GOOD His gothic tones always mask a feeling of wonder and an endearing love for everything that is possible in life and death
FAIR Burton's sweet Gothic fairy tale has lost none of its charm.
GOOD Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in magical collaboration.
FAIR Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.
GOOD Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.
GOOD A modern fairy tale about a deformed outsider whose innocence and gentle nature make him a freak in the eyes of the community he visits.
FAIR A poetic outing by Burton with Depp offering one of his initial outsider performances. Still fun to watch.
FAIR Mr. Burton invests awe-inspiring ingenuity into the process of reinventing something very small.
FAIR Especially rewarding for those who would like to see something different in a film.
GOOD Tim Burton's finest achievement. It has an emotional wallop to go with his visual wizardry.
GOOD Probably Tim Burton's best film. Certainly his most moving.
GOOD A film you can't help but love...
FAIR Burton has a good central premise working here, but he never really grabs us...
BAD Burton has not yet found the storytelling and character-building strength to go along with his pictorial flair.
GOOD One of my favorite films ... and one that touches me deeply.
FAIR Johnny Depp is excellent as the Chaplinesque title character and the support cast is good too.
GOOD An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.
GOOD "Moonlight Mile" is about livable compromises and the doubt and panic that linger once life's plans scatter and persist even as they settle again. Moreover, it's about the hardship of survivors honoring someone from whom they're best off moving on.
FAIR At the very least an emotionally honest film, but it would have been far more affecting if it felt more true to life.
FAIR Its original look at loyalty and loss subsides into a forgettable love story, leading it out of the darkness and straight into schmaltzville.
FAIR Moonlight Mile is, at the very least, an emotionally honest film, but it would have been far more affecting if it felt more true to life.
BAD Excessivamente ansioso para provocar as lagrimas do espectador, o roteiro torna-se superficial e maniqueista, transformando o sofrimento de seus personagens em verdadeira tortura para o publico.
FAIR Has an emotional resonance above what we've come to expect/dread from big name Hollywood movies.
FAIR In addition to the strong performances, the script is teeming with lovely, knowing moments, and the camera moves artfully.
FAIR There's no hint of giant bunnies or falling airline engines; just good solid family drama. .
BAD Well-acted by its impressive cast, but ultimately very slow to the point of being boring and unengaging -- still, it's a treat to see Hoffman onscreen again.
GOOD An honestly intimate and genuinely funny account of bereavement.
FAIR It's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon, Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter, yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb.
FAIR I believe Silberling had the best intentions here, but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them.
FAIR [Silberling] mostly succeeded in crafting an off-beat, uncomfortable (but in all the right ways), and genuinely funny and moving story out of this Movie of the Week material.
FAIR 'Moonlight Mile' is a gentle film about loss.
GOOD Grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes. So is Moonlight Mile.
BAD The movie is like a series of vague cliff notes, teasing a much greater story without actually capturing emotion or perspective.
GOOD Writer-director Brad Silberling has fashioned a life-affirming stew, combining all the grief, humor, regrets, redirected hopes and misguided plans that accompany the loss of a loved one. And nary a drop of schmaltz bubbles up.
GOOD What drives the movie is its abundance of fine acting.
BAD The whole film is like the title: it sounds as poetic as all get out but doesn't really say anything.
FAIR This is a movie about grief and how the loss of a close one can be a near drowning in a limitless sea of emotional paralysis.
BAD both quirky and very serious, and it seems mired in its inability to decide exactly what it is
GOOD ...captures suffering with the sort of unsentimental clarity that only comes from experience.
GOOD Moonlight Mile isn't a film about death but about life -- and how death is a part of life. A lot of movies try to be life-affirming; Moonlight Mile actually achieves that end.
GOOD Some may find it overly sentimental, but I fell for it hook, line and sinker. A sweet thing indeed.
FAIR Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of...emotional recovery.
GOOD 'Easily my choice for one of the year's best films.'
GOOD Brings an unmistakable accuracy to its every moment that most films dealing with bereavement fall short of...Easily one of the most rewarding film experiences of the year.
FAIR Three very good performances lend the necessary weight to writer/director Brad Silberling's imperfect script to allow Moonlight Mile come out ahead.
FAIR An enjoyable lil' flick....plenty of spirited performances
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not difficult to see why The Princess Bride has become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya! Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin? As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time. A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again. As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever. Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old. The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale. There is no other way to describe this genuinely funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
FAIR A heartfelt, creditable picture.
GOOD The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect.
GOOD A really well-made film.
GOOD The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet.
FAIR [Features] three of the best performances of 2005.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer.
GOOD With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love.
GOOD Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke.
GOOD Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director.
GOOD Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout.
FAIR Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids.
GOOD This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory.
GOOD Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before.
GOOD Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch.
BAD This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates.
GOOD A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another.
GOOD Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true.
GOOD what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time
GOOD To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee.
GOOD Performances throughout are superb.
GOOD Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed
GOOD There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list.
GOOD The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual.
BAD On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film.
GOOD Very accessible, jubilant Shakespeare with brief bawdiness.
GOOD Branagh's highly entertaining and accessible take on one of the Bard's zestiest comedies. [Blu-ray]
FAIR A joyous romp whose forced jollity is only occasionally wearing.
FAIR Although Kenneth Branagh's interpretation does much to make Shakespeare's play comprehensible, it ultimately fails to create any kind of enduring watchability.
GOOD A lively and colorful adaptation of Shakespeare's play; Thompson and Branagh are especially fun to watch.
FAIR This film is going to entertain even those viewers who care little about Shakespeare and care about his comedies even less.
GOOD Unevenly cast but ebulliently filmed, the film is a treasure for the Branagh-Thompson scenes alone.
GOOD A lot of fun! Branagh does excellent bringing Shakespeare's comedy to life.
GOOD Wonderful rendering of Shakespeare's comedy. Branagh and Thompson shine. Wish I could say the same for Keanu.
FAIR A fun adaptation of Shakespeare that only suffers from some unfortunate casting, especially with Keaton and Keanu.
GOOD Both perfectly classic and remarkably fresh.
FAIR All-star laughs, romance and hijinks!
GOOD Branagh once again proves he can out-Shakespeare even the Bard himself.
FAIR The key to the film's success is in the acting, especially in the sparks that fly between Branagh and Thompson.
FAIR The movie is uneven, but the range is from good to outstanding.
GOOD Kenneth Branagh's return to Shakespeare captures the Bard's captivating comic romance at the peak of flavor.
FAIR A lusty, vigorous, sun-drenched romp in which two parallel love affairs intertwine with comedic and dramatic results.
GOOD This film cements Branagh's status as a great director of Shakespeare, and perhaps of film in general, as well.
BAD Modine does what he can to sell the flimsy premise, but he's so hamstrung by Eddie O'Flaherty and J.P. Davis' sketchy script -- not to mention by O'Flaherty's clumsy direction -- that it's a losing battle.
GOOD A movie to which director and co-writer Nora Ephron brought her terrific flair, wit and nous, although she propagates the terrifying fallacy that a widower makes a wonderful romantic catch.
GOOD A fairy tale that even teens can enjoy.
FAIR A romantic treat.
BAD So overrated.
GOOD Sure it's contrived, but what a great romantic weeper.
BAD Seems too precalculated to be charming and magical, and consequently ends up being overly cute.
FAIR Better than you might expect, but it
GOOD Predictable, manipulative, and completely satisfying.
GOOD One of the finest of all Hollywood romantic comedies.
BAD Contrived
FAIR Nora Ephron's Sleepless in Seattle is a feather-light romantic comedy about two lovers who meet for the first time in the last reel. It's a stunt, but it's a stunt that works far more effectively than anybody in his right mind has reason to expect.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is done with the panache that Hollywood used to do romantic comedies, but seldom does anymore.
FAIR Cute, syrupy, but won't give you a rash.
GOOD This is essentially a romance involving two people on different coasts, but Hanks and Ryan and Director Ephron's screenplay make it work, along with some very nice supporting performances.
GOOD It's the kind of movie that reaches your emotional core and your dreams and make you feel alive by showing you how good life can be despite the little setbacks.
GOOD Overrated but still cute love story.
GOOD Meg and Tom are the perfect couple for this movie.
GOOD Ryan and Hanks, even apart, have the chemistry to make a very agreeable entertainment.
BAD Sleepless in Seattle is hopelessly romantic.
FAIR Sleepless in Seattle is as ephemeral as a talk show, as contrived as the late show, and yet so warm and gentle I smiled the whole way through.
GOOD Not one of the cleverer rom-coms of this ilk... but sweet and touching nevertheless and Tom Hanks is always watchable.
FAIR While the plot is sentimental and a little sticky, the dialogue is a lot of fun and often very witty and insightful.
BAD Nora Ephron botched Sleepless in Seattle, a hollow, boring romance that should appeal only to the most gullible of viewers; the ones willing to buy into Ephron's whiny views of life and romance.
FAIR This is a dreamy, romantic fantasy whose mood falls somewhere between magic and reality.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well. Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie. It's not his style of fighting. He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick. The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to be missed.
FAIR Lopez is now such a multimedia icon that it's easy to forget that her acting skills are what earned her first major notice.
BAD J. Lo's mass appeal will bring them in, but the mediocrity of the film won't give them much more.
BAD Call an ambulance. This mess is in need of a bodybag.
FAIR Only in the last five minutes does Mandoki let the hammer drop. Before that, Angel Eyes is quite compelling.
FAIR Lopez's work grows layers that are then gradually stripped away, exposing a raw, naked emotional vulnerability by film's end that is quite disarming.
BAD Angel Eyes is not a movie for watching. It is a movie for passing by and avoiding.
BAD Viewers with a low tolerance for schmaltz may suffer; one heartfelt speech even drew nervous titters from the otherwise indulgent preview crowd.
BAD I have to admit I don't care much for "big secret" movies, and this is one of them.
BAD Well-acted drama that is unfortunately hampered by severe mis-marketing and a disappointing ending.
FAIR It is a pleasure to see Ms. Lopez expand her acting range, and to see Mr. Caviezel move into the kind of major role he deserves.
FAIR ...the commanding performances by the two leads more than make up for the excessively overlong running time.
FAIR Viewers are going to feel pretty cheated if they walked in hoping to bite their nails and then left realizing they should've brought a hanky instead.
FAIR Lopez has great lips for pouting, and this somber script gives her ample opportunity to flex those skills.
BAD Um universo de melodrama e cliches...
FAIR There's not much at the end, really, but it's quite a nice journey while it lasts.
FAIR ...the kind of film that appears to be going someplace and then never quite gets there.
FAIR Recommended to fans of Lopez, anyone without a negative attitude toward her, people who liked the writer's previous credits, and those on a date.
FAIR Angel Eyes is a love story -- one of uncommon style, thought and intelligence.
BAD Un fallo mas en la carrera de Mandoki y una muestra de que no solamente se necesita un buen elenco para lograr el exito
BAD A moribund melodrama which starts intriguingly before becoming utterly banal.
BAD Its protagonists, their situation and its mechanical but mushy resolution are never remotely believable.
BAD Mandoki doesn't have anything new to contribute to this puree of genres.
BAD Running out of stuff to make the characters do, Di Pego is reduced to having them make speeches.
GOOD There aren't enough grown-up relationships on screen these days. Angel Eyes is refreshing in its refusal to stoop to easy cliches.
FAIR Lopez takes a chance on the tough role of police officer Sharon Pogue and she pulls it off beautifully.
FAIR There is not a lot of chemistry between Lopez and Caviezel, so their romance, around which the whole film revolves, never heats up.
BAD the film is like a tease, always suggesting something much deeper, more profound, or at least surprising that what it ultimately reveals
BAD Director Luis Mandoki lets another film drown in the tear-jerker tide.
FAIR A fun no-brainer that successfully casts a sweet romantic spell.
BAD No laughs in this one at all. Who decided to write a movie about a club designer? Boring concept, no chemistry.
BAD Fools rush in to watch this stupid romantic comedy.
BAD Stick to the sitcoms, Matt.
BAD Take away the ethnic/pregnancy angles, and we've seen this premise countless times -- all the way back to the spate of post-World War II romances about returning veterans and the mates they married in a blink.
GOOD Fabulously cast and wickedly witty.
FAIR The CinemaScope process was well used here, with panoramic shots of Manhattan accompanied by Newman's entire orchestra performing his composition Street Scene in prolog and epilog shots.
GOOD Classic Hollywood legends sparkle; premise doesn't hold up.
BAD Despite some good work from Bacall and Monroe, this comedy ends up feeling flat. How many people want to watch a movie with a bunch of selfish women who want to find a rich husband so they don't ever have to work again? Yeah, I didn't think so.
FAIR a comedy about several models trying to land rich husbands, gets by on the talents of the stars,
GOOD Glossy, early widescreen all-star Fox comedy headlining Monroe, Grable, Bacall.
FAIR Nao envelheceu muito bem, mas continua relativamente divertido.
GOOD [A] delightful little comedy.
BAD I've never seen such a bad film so well made.
BAD An overwrought, improbable drama that's as frustrating as it is morbid.
BAD Proof that no black actor, regardless of acclaim or popularity, can ever truly transcend the Mythical Black Man motif. Milquetoast dweebishness robs Will Smith of his natural forcefulness, and "Seven Pounds" has easily the worst ending of the last decade.
BAD El ritmo de la cinta es algo lento en un inicio pero despues mejora, aunque hay que decirlo, se siente la mano manipuladora del director que parece haber estado mas concentrado en pensar si el publico se sentiria conmovido que en hacer un filme memorable.
GOOD Seven Pounds may be the most spiritual picture of the holiday season; this story of redemption is a gift for moviegoers.
FAIR The ending will divide viewers. Some will shed tears, others will be outraged. It's a bold artistic choice, but one of questionable morality.
BAD Takes immense pleasure in letting its audience in on nothing.
BAD Will Smith's previous film with director Gabriele Muccino, The Pursuit of Happyness, was a tale well told. Their new one is a gimmicky tale annoyingly told.
FAIR A clumsily melodramatic movie that tells us too much too soon and forces us to sit through endless morose vacuousness.
FAIR Mas alla de lo caprichoso de la historia, e incluso de lo fragmentario del relato -a lo 21 Gramos- es innegable la capacidad que exhibe Muccino para atrapar la atencion del espectador.
FAIR Not a bad tearjerker for the holiday season and as Smith's in it, it'll probably make a mint.
GOOD ...packs one hell of an emotional punch as it approaches its affecting and flat-out devastating conclusion.
FAIR Seven Pounds is an unexpected holiday powerhouse. Will Smith shakes off his familiar, comfortable persona, and cuts to the unsettled heart of humanity.
BAD A contrived, thrill-less thriller that's more concerned about its inane gimmicks than about keeping you truly riveted, engrossed or enlightened.
BAD A collage of strong scenes, dull bits, good filmmaking and a dissatisfying emotional payoff. A laudable attempt to tackle heavyweight subject-matter that ends up just being heavy weather.
BAD It's not what you'd call any good, but Claude Lelouch fans, say, might relish its grandiose romantic gestures in the face of all known logic.
BAD Seven Pounds can feel too heavy at times but Smith carries the film.
BAD Seven Pounds is a profoundly irritating mystery about a profoundly silly man.
BAD A supremely annoying film.
BAD This is a 24-carat wallow in weapons grade mawkishness.
FAIR Seven Pounds feels like having Love Story and Beaches burnt onto your retinas in the style of A Clockwork Orange. But hang on for the finale...
BAD The worst movie ever to star Will Smith, this is a morbid drama which is meant to reduce its audience to tears of empathy, but reduced me to groans and helpless laughter.
BAD Seven Pounds is Will trying to be weighty but unlike The Pursuit Of Happyness (also directed by Muccino) it doesn't work.
BAD Soppy romance and excruciating piety cling to the film like bindweed, summoning the ghost of sobfest Pay It Forward, with the divine parallels of self-sacrifice taken to extremes of righteous absurdity.
BAD mith's charisma holds the interest, even if this and his other recent movies (I Am Legend and Hancock) suggest the only thing bigger than his ears is his Messiah complex.
BAD Ill conceived, poorly written and badly directed drama, featuring a career worst performance from Will Smith.
BAD Will Smith is fast turning into the movie actor's Reader's Digest - an uplifting guide to healthy living and doing worthy things.
BAD There is indeed a secret, but it is not overly challenging to work out what's going on in this annoying film.
BAD Even by the standards of gotcha flicks, Seven Pounds seems especially somnolent and pretentious.
FAIR Although the story wobbles at times, Seven Pounds stays the course thanks to Muccino's skilled direction.
BAD The film's most abiding mystery lies in the question of why it ever got made.
FAIR Another note worthy Will Smith film and this one should not be missed out on.
FAIR The film's relentlessly somber tone becomes alienating. It's hard to care what the conclusion is if only more gloom awaits.
BAD As the convoluted structure finally reveals the actual plot, it brings with it the unmistakable whiff of a vanity project
FAIR ... the toll of self-imposed guilt and responsibility is a tangible thing... no more of a stretch than a man who ages backwards or a billionaire dressed like a giant bat.
BAD a diffuse and disjointed effort
BAD Para Ben Thomas e mais importante respeitar um tolo jogo dramatico do que realmente ajudar o proximo. E, para Will Smith, ganhar uma indicacao ao Oscar e se pintar como um Cristo moderno e motivacao suficiente para jogar sua reputacao no triturador.
BAD Will Smith has played an alcoholic superhero, a mystical caddie and a fighter pilot on a mission to save the planet from aliens, but Ben Thomas might just be the most unbelievable role of them all.
FAIR The film, while slow moving, is worth the wait for the emotional payoff.
BAD Dated '90s romcom has some stereotypes, innuendo.
BAD As hokey and banal as a sitcom, with predictable culture-clash gags and fairly flat one-liners.
FAIR A charming surprise
BAD Standard feature-length sitcom material. For Drescher fans only.
BAD Listening to Fran Drescher's nasal squawk for an entire movie is the price you'll pay to see The Beautician and the Beast. Imagine having your ear canal scoured with Brillo. Only more abrasive.
BAD A poor imitation of a screwball comedy.
FAIR This amiable comedy may not be hugely sophisticated, but Hogan does manage to make his attractive leads look like complete idiots, no mean achievement in image-obsessed Hollywood.
GOOD The Roberts audiences knew and loved is back--not only has the smile returned, but also the glow, the joy of performance.
FAIR A romantic comedy significantly darker, more realistic and more intelligent than Hollywood examples of the same genre.
GOOD This delightful comedy about love, friendship and the hazards of lying comes not a moment too soon for anyone overwhelmed by the current glut of summer movie mayhem.
GOOD Not only does this modern-day screwball romp manage to be romantic and comical, it also offers Julia Roberts a chance to shine again in the kind of movie that she does best.
FAIR Hey, I actually really liked this picture.
FAIR [Julia Roberts] is at her vibrant best.
FAIR There are many humorous moments throughout, though some of the more outrageous segments seem too contrivedly wacky.
FAIR Every once in a long while, along comes a refreshing change like My Best Friend's Wedding, a movie whose appeal rests largely on its knack for defying our expectations by riffing off, even undermining, a familiar genre.
FAIR Fall-down funny moments.
FAIR My Best Friend's Wedding feels repetitive at times, but its star power and willingness to undercut convention come through at the end.
GOOD Everett is very charming.
FAIR An uneasy mix of well-realized humor and unrealized sadness.
BAD A disappointment.
BAD Emotionally, this is a movie that just doesn't compute. You leave feeling cross, as if you've been tricked.
BAD [An] obtuse, prettily decorative comedy.
BAD Echoes of Roberts' personal life slop over into the plot with the alacrity of a foot fungus doing the two-step in the locker room of a high school gym.
GOOD This is the thinking man's romantic comedy and a contender for the best of that genre for the decade.
FAIR Light and frothy, enjoyable for some, irritating to others.
BAD What I found unbelievable and unable to forgive, much of what the audiences were blindly exculpatory to, was the wicked, insideousness of Julia Roberts' character.
GOOD It is the perfect movie to see if you figure you can't stomach another summer action flick.
FAIR Roberts, despite being required to fall through doors and tumble from chairs more often than is truly necessary, handles the material with exactly the right level of skill and charm.
FAIR It's funny as hell -- not in a rolling-in-the-aisles kind of way -- but in the sly smile, knowing glance, growling chuckle kind of way.
FAIR The screenplay has never been on autopilot; it just fooled us into thinking it was, in order to sneak up on the unpredictability.
FAIR In the eleventh hour, a little romance creeps into this distinctly unromantic comedy.
GOOD My Best Friend's Wedding is effective -- some might say manipulative -- at winning you over to its side.
GOOD One of the things that makes My Best Friend's Wedding such a terrific romantic comedy is that it refuses to play it safe.
FAIR Fairly entertaining, thanks to a few unexpected bursts of irreverence.
GOOD Surprisingly unique and darkly funny.
FAIR In a decade largely defined by raunchy teen sex comedies, here's a film that stood out from the pack thanks to its sweetness and sincerity.
GOOD A classic. Has laughs in just about every single scene.
FAIR The Sure Thing succeeds most in identifying the self-effacing charm that would become Cusack's stock-in-trade as a young romantic lead.
FAIR A charming surprise.
FAIR This is a likeable film that follows all of the necessary steps to engage an audience. It may not be a sure thing, but it's at least a pretty good bet.
FAIR One of the great teen comedies of the 80s. One reason why Cusack became what he became
GOOD Sweet and wonderful.
GOOD A wonderful start for Cusack and Reiner.
FAIR One of the more "mature" teen comedies from the 80s.
GOOD Walter and Alison are closer to real teenagers, with real doubts and hesitations and uncertainties.
GOOD It's a treasure, smartly written, delightfully played (you'll be able to see why Cusack quickly became a star), and scored with a half-dozen period hits...
FAIR Stars John Cusack and Daphne Zuniga are no Gable and Colbert, but they make for interesting juniorfied versions
GOOD Rob Reiner's new film, The Sure Thing, is glowing proof of two things: Traditional romantic comedy can be adapted to suit the teen-age trade, and Mr. Reiner's contribution to This Is Spinal Tap was more than a matter of humor.
FAIR Like The 40-Year-Old Virgin, its sex romp overtures hide a warm and sympathetic heart.
GOOD Smart, sassy and sweet. This showed John Cusack's promise as a romantic lead, and some.
BAD If you aren't a tween girl, this really isn't going to catch you.
BAD It's only real point of view is that the best things you can aspire to in life are to be "hot," to land a cute boy, and to become a famous pop star.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
BAD Incessantly shrieky ...
BAD [A] full-throttle assault on reason, taste and human dignity ...
BAD Noisy claptrap devoid of all that is good about cinema.
BAD A limp sequel seemingly devoid of any wit or invention.
BAD Not surprisingly, gags about gambling and strippers ensue. Also not surprisingly, the lightweight laughs dissolve into eye-rolling melodrama.
BAD Ultimately, despite a handful of fairly amusing moments, this is a disappointing comedy, suffering from a surfeit of characters. Still, at least it's mercifully shorter than the first movie.
FAIR The sequel to Steve Harvey's hit takes us to Las Vegas, with hilarious, yet predictable and overdone scenarios.
FAIR Fans will enjoy slightly less funny, still risque sequel.
BAD As it stands, the flick is too good-natured and too clean to offer audiences anything more than a mild afternoon distraction.
GOOD A pleasant, if predictable, diversion peppered with incessant chatter on the part of the irrepressible Kevin Hart.
BAD What attracted audiences to seeing a film about couples and their relationships with the first film may want to avoid a sequel that has less humor, romance and any substance.
BAD The raucous highlight: a lip-sync video for Bell Biv Devoe's "Poison" performed by the women. It drops down into the middle of the film like a grenade that explodes too soon, and it makes everything that comes after... seem like rote tidying up.
BAD An amusing matinee or rental at best, Think Like a Man Too rests on its laurels - and, as a result, pales in comparison to its much funnier predecessor.
BAD You want eye-rolling moments? This movie will detach your corneas.
FAIR It has some very funny moments, and a few touching ones as well. Sure, it gets corny at times, but overall, it's a very entertaining movie that can appeal to a broad audience.
BAD Tish's original plan to stay in her hotel room and watch TV alone with a glass of wine isn't the worst idea I've heard.
BAD Kevin Hart's Cedric steamrolls over everyone else with his motor-mouth tirades and physical antics. He's Roger Rabbit unleashed on the set of Dr. Phil.
FAIR Staggering in its efficiency, admirable in its insistence that the women deserve as much screen time as the men, and awe-inspiring as a vehicle of romantic and even career reassurance for moviegoers...
BAD The directionless script wanders all over the Vegas strip without ever establishing stakes worth caring about.
BAD Trots out standard romantic-comedy characters and situations.
FAIR Freed from its ties to the source material - the first film was inspired by a Steve Harvey self-help book - Think Like a Man Too borrows liberally but in a definite PG-13 fashion from The Hangover, hitting on every required Vegas touchstone.
BAD Hart's shtick - he talks smack, his challenger reacts, he tries to hide - is already beginning to show signs of almost being tired, or at least in need of a change-up.
FAIR ...lazy and uninspired and, worst of all, displays a certain contempt for [the] audience
FAIR To the cast's credit, the film is still a lot of fun, even if it's lacking much of the depth that made the original such a hit.
BAD Think Like a Man Too, a sequel that, if we were to use a relationship metaphor, is like a really bad rebound date.
BAD Not even the tightly wound energy of Kevin Hart can help it from feeling half-baked, through and through. This isn't a movie so much as it is a studio cash-grab.
BAD Kevin Hart screams a lot.
BAD It's intermittently fun, and funny, but after a while it's just so much swinging back and forth. We get it. You're up. You're down. You're back up again.
BAD Everything about this film smacks of laziness.
BAD Been there. Done that.
BAD This is the sort of film that only makes sense as a rental - with, perhaps, a couple of friends, and a very generously mixed pitcher of margaritas.
BAD [T]he sequel isn't an advertisement. This is a legitimate movie; it is also a legitimately bad one.
BAD It's tamer than you would expect - and hope.
BAD That this retrograde "straight talk" somehow managed to emerge on screen as a reasonably genial ensemble comedy speaks to the strength of its performers.
FAIR "Think Like a Man Too" ultimately rests on the charm of its cast, an appealing mix of 30- and 40-somethings. Had this been a batch of 20-year-olds, the movie might have come across more crass, more frat party.
BAD Third Person has a number of distinct themes at work, manifested through characters and plots that are a mixed bag of believable and baffling.
BAD When we reach our finale you can't help but feel somewhat detached and uninvolved in this title.
BAD Third Person suffers from a script that fails to hook you in during its opening section and drags on without sufficient emotional connection for 137 minutes.
BAD This handsome looking film feels old-fashioned and stodgy.
FAIR In its lesser moments, the film seems as banal and manipulative as any afternoon TV soap. Another way of looking at the film is as Haggis's own very idiosyncratic and intimate essay.
BAD What is it with Paul Haggis? Has he forgotten how to tell a simple story?
BAD What does it all mean? Not very much, I suspect, with the cast sombrely delivering lines about trust and frailty while starring broodily into the middle distance.
BAD The larger edifice feels distinctly jerry-built and, sure enough, when nudged sharply in the final scenes it comes crashing disastrously about the director's ears.
BAD Unsurprisingly, the stores come together in a hurried final stretch...but you really rather wish they'd never started.
BAD It's a deeply dubious luxury-tourist fantasy about parallel lives in various foreign hotel rooms, and it shows a very strange need to punish and humiliate its female characters.
BAD An interminable illusive boondoggle with clunky turns and a flat, uninspiring reveal.
BAD It's couture misery: dress by Valentino, watch by Breitling, lingering sexual regrets model's own.
BAD If Crash set your teeth on edge, book in at the dentist's before seeing this one.
FAIR Everything gets just too damn convoluted for its own good, and it's hard to care what becomes of Haggis' characters as they're shifted around.
BAD Avoid at all costs.
FAIR There are moments when this three-strand drama almost ascends to the emotional resonance of writer-director Paul Haggis' Oscar-winning 2004 movie Crash.
GOOD As taken as I was with the first three quarters of the movie, by the end I felt like throwing something at the screen. Or rather, at the tiny man behind the screen: Haggis, the great and terrible.
BAD 'Third Person' takes place in New York, Paris and Rome, but what it offers moviegoers is a trip to Dullsville.
FAIR The stories on their own are compelling enough, and the ridiculously stacked cast has an otherwise solid screenplay to work with.
FAIR Here is another example of how multiple stories can mystify and challenge you while one story might be written off as too simple.
BAD The tasteful austerity of style and solid performances can't overcome a script that largely stands between emotional humanity and the viewer.
FAIR A glorious failure -- and one that's beautifully produced and acted. More than that, however, it's a bold film and an idiosyncratic work of great ambition and personal integrity.
BAD Puzzling and implausibly fractious, it requires interminable patience and forgiveness.
BAD Third Person' echoes writer-director Paul Haggis' Oscar-winning "Crash" &#9472; weakly.
BAD "Third Person" is such a solipsistic, navel-gazing creation that it seems to have barely made it out of Haggis' mind and onto the screen.
BAD When you cast Liam Neeson as your on-screen avatar, you're not exactly raking yourself over the coals.
BAD It's all, I'm sorry to say, a melodramatic slog.
BAD I keep rooting for an Olivia Wilde breakout - Drinking Buddies was close - but she seems to always be a bright spot in a mediocre project
BAD The dreary "Third Person" could also legitimately be called "Help, I'm Trapped in a Literary Conceit."
BAD "Third Person" doesn't lack for ambition, and it's nice to see Neeson in the kind of role that he excelled at before he morphed into an action star. But the film may have some folks wishing they'd bought a ticket to "Transformers 4" instead.
BAD Even when Haggis seems to acknowledge that he actually has nothing to say, he does so in the most obnoxious, smug way he can.
BAD Haggis is not a subtle filmmaker. He leaves no agency for the audience, and his facile construction of this story is condescending at best.
FAIR Third Person falls into a kind of fugue state. The lines between characters become blurred, their respective losses and heartbreaks dissolving into a melancholy vapor. Or vapidity. Take your pick.
FAIR "Third Person" staggers well over the two-hour mark only to self-destruct in a burst of overwrought cleverness.
BAD The look of the film is gorgeous, the actors inhabit their roles convincingly, and its artistic aims are higher than most. Still, I can't endorse the self-consciously clever result.
BAD The latest Paul Haggis feature aims to be mysterious and enigmatic, but is instead a disjointed mess, hampered by a confounding ending that cheats the audience of any sort of satisfying emotional resolution.
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
GOOD Witty, wise, and idealized political romance.
FAIR as the 1995 film veers away from the romance, into definable (and dated) political issues, it loses some of its magic.
BAD A potentially good adult romance is undone by a preachy left-wing agenda.
GOOD Sorkin starts his West Wing warm-up with a winning political rom-com.
GOOD Glorious romantic comedy.
FAIR Predictable and PC, but fun.
FAIR Good romantic comedy. Some funny irreverence about the White House, and a well-meaning political message.
GOOD The casting is inspired, with uniformly crisp performances all around.
FAIR With great looks, a dandy supporting cast, a zinger-filled screenplay by Aaron Sorkin and Mr. Douglas twinkling merrily in the Oval Office, The American President is sunny enough to make the real Presidency pale by comparison.
FAIR So-so fantasy about what a more courageous Bill Clinton might have been like.
GOOD Leve, divertido e gratificante.
FAIR The American President is a bright, witty romantic comedy with really good dialogue, but at the same time it is a statement about politics, and about politicians, some who are idealists and some who are opportunists.
FAIR Neither bad nor unwatchable, The American President is nevertheless the second straight disappointment from director Rob Reiner.
FAIR Rob Reiner seems to have found his calling.
FAIR Michael Douglas is plausible as president, and he delivers yet another solid, if unmemorable performance.
GOOD Great entertainment.
FAIR Charming but flawed leftist romantic comedy.
FAIR 'Capraesque' has inevitably been affixed to The American President, but that phrase, with its implications of facile hokum, doesn't do the film justice.
GOOD Director Rob Reiner strikes a good balance between drama and old-fashioned love with Douglas and Bening suitably understated in their roles.
FAIR A super cast injects it with Teddy Roosevelt vitality.
FAIR Apart from its too-obvious political bias, The American President has romance in its heart, smarts in abundance and class to spare.
FAIR Douglas and Bening are both wonderful.
GOOD ...classic entertainment for families.
GOOD Delightful comedy, older teens and parents only.
FAIR Vintage Nicholson and Keaton, like fine wines, improve with age.
BAD Something's Gotta Give is an entertaining romp with two fantastic actors, but a lack of concern for its story is ultimately the film's death.
GOOD Keaton has been handed the role of a lifetime, a Ferrari among Edsels, and she floors that baby from start to finish.
GOOD Something's Gotta Give is a delightful romance movie, but most likely will be categorized as a "Chick Flick".
BAD This ugly, repugnant ending, which I won't describe but you can surely guess before you buy a ticket, had me feeling like I'd wasted ninety minutes of my human existence.
FAIR 'Tierna, romantica, encantadora y con un elenco de alto calibre, es una de esas cintas que nos recuerdan que el amor no tiene edad. Una verdadera delicia'
BAD As monotonous and predictable as a pacemaker.
FAIR Although it uses a debate-friendly topic as its narrative fulcrum, it's really just a simple romance that delivers the same ol' message about love loosening people up.
GOOD The moments between the characters are absolutely full. It's a pleasure to watch such consummate professionals.
FAIR Despite the flawed premise and sitcomish plot, this film has an undeniable charm.
FAIR a lively romantic comedy that is sometimes clever, often hilarious, but overlong
BAD Esperemos que seu sucesso nas bilheterias abra as portas para novos projetos protagonizados por atores veteranos. Quem sabe o filme nao se redime desta maneira?
FAIR The first half of the film is charming, the second half a bit tedious. There is not much screen chemistry between Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton.
BAD It's the "Odd Couple" turned even.
FAIR A surprisingly good comedy that managed to exceed expectations basically because of the strong performances of Nicholson and Keaton.
BAD This superficial romantic comedy wastes Keaton's blossoming performance (which Nicholson often steps on anyway).
FAIR God bless her for reminding Hollywood a woman over 50 is still beautiful.
GOOD It's "The Jack Who Came to Dinner."
BAD ...not nearly as fun and breezy as it should be, as it's weighed down by a terminally slow pace and overlong running time...
BAD Here's a cynical new subgenre in the ongoing race to the nadir of chick-flick patronization: the December-December romance.
GOOD [Keaton and Nicholson] are a throwback to the great romantic comedy couples of Hollywood's golden past as well as an example for the younger generation.
FAIR Jack gets away with playing Jack ... because who else does it better? But it's Keaton who keeps their chemistry firing on all cylinders.
FAIR For the film's first hour, Meyers' dialogue sparkles.
FAIR A resplendent love story soiled by an ending that hangs from the rest of the picture as awkwardly as a Florida chad.
FAIR It's just not the movie it ought to have been -- and that, for a while, it seemed like it would turn out to be
FAIR I have loved Jack and Diane in so many things I've seen them in, I hate to admit I don't love them in this.
FAIR Wallows in self-referential smugness, deliriously amused with its own cleverness.
BAD That old familiar stink is just what Dr. Keanu ordered.
FAIR Any hints at sophistication -- and there are many -- are constantly undermined by smarminess and cornball predictability.
BAD Something's Gotta Give represents the worst -and most typical - in Music Title Romantic Comedies.
FAIR The film works because at its simple core it is a heartfelt valentine to Diane Keaton...
FAIR I went from thinking "This movie is great!" to thinking "This movie sucks!"
FAIR Something's Gotta Give is witty, smart, and charismatically electric-three vital elements rare to find in most of today's romantic comedies.
GOOD Wonderful book adaptation with strong female character.
FAIR Mansfield Park works because it not only comes from the novel...but also from Austen's letters and journals.
GOOD ...busy nothings add up to motion picture somethings in one of the year's most charming films.
FAIR Despite such occasional flaws...Mansfield Park is a welcome treat for Austen addicts.
FAIR This is perhaps not Jane Austen's Mansfield Park, but Jane Austen would have probably recognized most of it and would have been amused by the rest.
FAIR In this provocative, revisionist adaptation of Jane Austen's third novel, Canadian writer-director Patricia Rozema gives her 19th century heroine, Fanny Price, much of Austen's own confidant, creative personality.
GOOD This incarnation of Fanny may not have been what Austen had in mind, but she surely would have approved, for the injection of attitude and smarts makes Mansfield Park a much more wicked and irresistible social satire...
GOOD With its gorgeous cinematography...lovely muted score, and sure-footed performances, especially by Frances O'Connor, Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park sets a new standard for adaptations of Jane Austen's work.
FAIR Rozema's dry wit, effervescent dialogue and contemporary reinterpretations are often a refreshing change from the swoony, soft-peddling style of other Austen adaptations.
FAIR Though it's never dull, this Mansfield Park has too much of its own agenda and too little of Austen's to completely succeed.
BAD Mansfield Park...is a confusing jumble of historical drama and modern social essay that only serves to cloud the whole field of Jane Austen studies.
BAD Even if you have never read Austen, you will sense that something is wrong here long before a nude scene that would have made the author hide under a table.
BAD The snappy banter has lost its bite.
GOOD [Mansfield Park] is a smart hybrid: part novel adaptation, part biography. It's now a period saga overlaid with a modern sensibility.
FAIR A pleasant little diversion.
GOOD Bodices may not be ripped, but they are certainly loosened in this very liberal adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD A witty, entertaining film.
FAIR A fine addition to the filmed Austen canon.
FAIR Patricia Rozema's Mansfield Park continues Jane Austen's winning streak on film.
FAIR Mansfield Park is a generally light and funny film which invites us to watch Fanny handle the coldness and pressure of her priggish relatives, and not only survive, but somehow prevail.
FAIR Austen purists may gag, but director Patricia Rozema has managed to crack Mansfield Park, transforming Jane Austen's problematic novel into an engaging bit of entertainment.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't do justice to the fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend. Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot. Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . . ' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't need cheap tricks. First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
GOOD A movie in which every single moment is exactly right.
GOOD It's the brilliant imagery and ground-breaking techniques that make it such a timeless achievement.
GOOD Rich, strange and gorgeous, F.W. Murnau's Sunrise shows what an artist of the late silent era could accomplish cinematically, backed by an open checkbook and fueled by the highest aspirations even in the simplest of morality tales.
GOOD Cinema at its most exhilarating.
GOOD This is pure cinema: emotionally uplifting, utterly absorbing, sublimely refreshing.
FAIR gives the modern viewer a way to look back at the history of cinema
GOOD Murnau deftly balances the changes in tone, going from a deep foreboding to complete bliss, and using Expressionistic techniques like forced perspective, wonky set design, and long shadows to project a huge range of emotion.
GOOD One of those seminal works without which modern movies wouldn't exist...
GOOD [an] unexpectedly harmonious marriage of German expressionism and Hollywood romanticism.
GOOD One of the finest romantic dramas of all time.
GOOD Moody and melodramatic, a technical treat that grabs hold of the viewer and will not let him go.
GOOD This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism, artifice and realism.
GOOD F.W. Murnau's Sunrise (1928) conquered time and gravity with a freedom that was startling to its first audiences. To see it today is to be astonished by the boldness of its visual experimentation.
GOOD Murnau masterpiece; gorgeously shot and acted.
GOOD It's a love story that's more than just a tale of broken hearts and damp hankies. It's also a landmark in the history of cinema that turns melodrama into high art.
GOOD Alternatingly romantic, joyful, sexy and terrifying
GOOD F.W. Murnau's visual style adds depth and excitement to the drama, and humour.
GOOD Nothing will explain it or the experience of it. It simply has to be seen -- and that is as it should be.
GOOD One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater.
GOOD One of the first psychological thrillers ever made, F.W. Murnau's silent Sunrise is as dark as they come.
GOOD One of the select few films in history that show what the medium is capable of attaining at its highest, most exalted state.
GOOD Sunrise is an incredible achievement, and perhaps the greatest silent drama ever made.
GOOD Sunrise is often rightfully noted for its technical achievements but what is often overlooked is its emotional power.
BAD Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not worth telling ... the filmmaking is so hopelessly uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent is somehow not its most glaring flaw.
BAD As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
BAD Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
FAIR Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
BAD It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description. Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
BAD A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
BAD Just Like Heaven is a typical romantic comedy that stumbles on the problems of being not particularly funny or interesting. It could have been truly heartwarming, but is so heavy handed here that the final result is merely sentimental pap.
GOOD Kudos to Witherspoon and Ruffalo for generating enough screen chemistry to insure a teary-eyed finale that'll make you forget the fact that you're watching a shameless rip-off.
GOOD One of the best times I've had at the movies in a while. It's not perfect. It's not very deep. But it's a whole lot of fun and even a little moving.
FAIR While the picture adheres to romantic-comedy formula, it's not entirely formulaic, and the actors, who appear to be having fun, give it a bright and undeniable appeal.
BAD Um filminho simpatico protagonizado por dois atores carismaticos. E, ainda assim, nao e um bom sinal que eu esteja utilizando a palavra 'filminho' para descreve-lo.
GOOD There's also strong support from Donal Logue (as David's best friend Jack) and Jon Heder, who proves there's life after Napoleon Dynamite with an amusing comic turn as a supernatural bookseller who agrees to help David.
FAIR ... it is refreshing to see a love story played out with sincerity.
BAD With apologies to The Cure... 'Show me show me show me/ How you make a flick/ That has a hackneyed theme,' she said.
FAIR This trifling love story is thoroughly ridiculous but still surprisingly enjoyable
FAIR Witherspoon and Ruffalo have some real sparks. Satisfying and sweet
FAIR When my body and spirit decide to go their separate ways, I want to be perky and beautiful like Reese Witherspoon in Just Like Heaven.
FAIR A spirited diversion that showcases the talents of Witherspoon and Ruffalo, who should team up again soon.
FAIR It took me about 45 minutes into "Just Like Heaven" to figure out just exactly what it is: A contemporary retelling of "Sleeping Beauty."
GOOD Director Mark S. Waters again transcends the expectations of his subject matter to make a sweet surprise of a film that demands rewatching.
FAIR Reese Witherspoon returns to a classier brand of romantic comedy.
FAIR Offers further proof that a film really can get by on the charms of its stars.
FAIR It's fine for what it is. A romantic comedy with a slight supernatural bent, but it doesn't go far enough.
GOOD Starts out glib and gimmicky but later digs surprisingly deep.
FAIR I was laughing &/or crying the whole time (aside from the first & last ten minutes). I liked it!
BAD A film that is never quite sure what it wants to be.
BAD Audiences for 'Heaven' can wait - for the DVD.
FAIR Witherspoon provides whip-smart comic timing and a bubbly charm that makes you love Elizabeth even when she's being Felix Unger to Ruffalo's Oscar Madison.
GOOD Date movies don't get much better than this one.
FAIR ...two lead actors who are strong enough to carry the movie despite a predictable and mediocre screenplay
GOOD Heavenly casting makes this a charming love story.
FAIR In the face of Witherspoon's unrepentant charms, it's very difficult to resist.
FAIR Ruffalo and Witherspoon bring conviction to their roles; they're taking the story seriously and that allows us to do the same.
BAD Here, the times are changing and so is the plot. In fact, you can expect a mood swing every five minutes, in a story so muddled even the strong cast, including Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, can't save it.
GOOD This poignant, flashback flick, is worthwhile for the opportunity to see a couple of seasoned pros, its very well-acquainted leads, Oscar-nominees Gerard Depardieu and Catherine Deneuve, opposite each other again, for the seventh time in their careers.
FAIR Techine would have been better off ditching the supporting characters altogether and focusing on the relationship between Antoine and Cecile.
FAIR [Techine's] observations of culture clashes... are thought-provoking but - like most of the movie - keep the audience emotionally separated from the characters' hearts.
FAIR A spare but rich film from French master technician AndrA (C) TA (C)chinA (C).
FAIR [a] strangely moving love story
FAIR Techine is so intrigued by the dramatic differences between the sisters that you might not even notice they are the same actress.
FAIR French director Andre Techine sketches a family with the usual flaws, but takes the unusual step of not fixing them.
FAIR ... another gorgeous and immensely satisfying reminder that there are few better directors than Techine when it comes to capturing the vagaries of the heart.
GOOD If Changing Times' last shots don't touch you, your heart may be frozen.
FAIR Despite its weaknesses, Changing Times (Les Temps Qui Changent in French) is always watchable and even poignant from time to time.
FAIR A surprising entertainment for the mature among us.
BAD Techine has a location, two stars and a situation, but he can't seem to parlay that into a story, and a story would help, not only in terms of audience pleasure (not something to be dismissed) but also in terms of focusing the film's intention.
FAIR [Techine is] intelligent and intuitive, getting up close to his characters and snatching glimpses of their souls with only the tiniest effort.
FAIR Until the film ends, Techine masterfully maintains an uncomfortable suspense, only to provide a soothing, wonderful and much welcome release.
FAIR The film seems to lack real weight or resonance beyond itself, despite the warm and easy working relationship Deneuve and Depardieu share.
FAIR Changing Times offers a cool and refreshing aperitif at the end of a warm Bastille Day.
BAD It's always enjoyable watching Depardieu and Deneuve, but they deserve better material than they've been given by Techine.
FAIR The ending is both shamelessly cliched and -- for Cecile -- out of character.
BAD For all of these interconnected characters, announced intentions take the place of character details.
FAIR Deneuve turns her uncertainty into a poetic, fierce performance
FAIR The movie is burdened by several other, far-less compelling subplots that compete for our attention.
GOOD Every character in Andr&#233; T&#233;chin&#233;'s rich, warmhearted exploration of cultural collision oscillates between two worlds and two ideas about the meaning of experience.
GOOD [Director Andre] Techine always locates a steadfast emotional element in the worlds he creates, a defiant human construct against unstoppable change. In Changing Times, it is love, in unfamiliar forms.
GOOD A strange and oddly touching tale about a man's yearning to reconnect with his first love of 30 years ago.
GOOD The two icons [Deneuve and Depardieu] remain an extraordinary combination.
FAIR There's a greater range of emotional complexity in a single close-up from Changing Times than there is in all of Cache.
FAIR It's practically certain to lull moviegoers into a pleasant state of dreamy bliss.
FAIR The heart of the film's charm is Sandra Bullock.
BAD Compared to While You Were Sleeping, even the half-baked scenario of the Marisa Tomei-Robert Downey Jr. romance Only You looks witty and inventive.
BAD The movie seems better suited to a holiday release. While You Were Sleeping arrives at the peak of spring, the only season that can make Christmas seem like an unwelcome visitor.
FAIR While You Were Sleeping may not be a film for the ages. It likely won't even rank among the presummer season's biggest hits. But it is worth noting, for it may mark the birth of a star.
FAIR It's Bullock's first shot at a role in which she plays second fiddle neither to males nor special effects. And she turns out to be every bit as delightful as anyone might have expected.
FAIR It's a long and frustrating wait, but While You Were Sleeping delivers all you can ask of a romantic comedy: the deluxe payoff.
BAD A cute premise with engaging leads but little else to keep you awake.
FAIR It plays like a movie dreamed up by people in a studio marketing department who'd decided to bare their souls.
GOOD This smartly scripted Cinderella love story is crammed with charm and the expert direction of Jon Turteltaub hits all the right emotional buttons.
GOOD This year's Sleepless In Seattle. Only better.
GOOD Appealing family comedy with old-fashioned feel.
FAIR A mild romantic comedy rooted in class anxiety, but it's nice to see perennial loser-in-love Pullman get some. Respect, that is.
FAIR This is the first romantic comedy I've seen in a long time that, by the third act, doesn't forget about being funny.
FAIR Surprisingly half-decent high-concept chick-flick material.
GOOD Classic Sandra Bullock romantic comedy.
GOOD A welcome ray of sunshine.
FAIR A modern romantic comedy that actually works.
BAD Bullock, with her attractive but unglamorous image, gives humanity and a little bit of realism to an otherwise fairytale plot.
FAIR Turteltaub wisely plays his strength by giving us extended close-ups of Bullock, who is at once canny and vulnerable, rising above this workmanlike comedy.
FAIR A cute, throwaway romantic comedy.
FAIR A perfect example of this unoriginal-but-enjoyable type of film making.
FAIR A feel-good film, warm and good-hearted.
FAIR Interesting twist on the romantic triangle.
FAIR A bright, charming romance.
FAIR A lighthearted, charming nougat for romantics.
FAIR A gem of a movie.
FAIR Romantic, sweet without being cloying, and light on its feet.
BAD Predictable at best and just plain dull most of the time.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not think 100 minutes is an awfully long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Curtiz's film is a classic for a reason -- it's crafted with the precision, detail and beauty of a Faberge egg; the dialogue is hauntingly memorable and, in Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman, it has one of the most magnetic screen pairings in history.
GOOD Knowing the story doesn't impair one's wonder at the undiminished magic of Casablanca.
GOOD There are some of the very finest character actors that Warner Brothers could muster and a rich, detailed screenplay studded with an indecent number of sparklingly quotable lines. It is a movie to play again, and again.
GOOD Nobody lights a torch like Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa or carries one like Humphrey Bogart's Rick.
GOOD The reason Casablanca endures is that it's a timeless love story wrapped inside a gripping wartime thriller, written with such wit and meaning that it's still quoted (and misquoted) decades later.
GOOD Whether you return to Casablanca for a nostalgia fix, a guilty pleasure or for the waters, you can be certain there'll be something you didn't notice last time out.
GOOD Rick and Ilsa. Laszlo and the letters of transit. Captain Renault and his charming corruptibility. "As Time Goes By." "Here's looking at you, kid." You know the routine. So round up the usual accolades.
GOOD Even hardened cynics who might be impelled to dismiss it as a collection of button-pushing cliches will most likely get swept up in the all the unabashed romance.
GOOD Every kid should see this Bogart classic.
GOOD This is it. The best movie ever made.
GOOD The movie has a peculiar magic to it, and it's in the richness of its details that mostly go unnoticed because of the film's pace.
GOOD It is one of the most timeless of all movies in terms of topic, emotion, acting and motivation.
GOOD Irresistible, big-hearted film-making.
GOOD As time goes by, the appeal of Casablanca shows no sign of diminishing.
GOOD One of those rare films where every shot and every quotable line of dialogue counts, there's not a dead patch in Casablanca.
GOOD It is a true timeless classic and will stay so as long as time goes by.
GOOD Since it screened at the theater in 1943, the story of lovers Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart) and Ilsa Lund (Ingrid Bergman) in Casablanca has made cinematic history.
GOOD One of the best screenplays ever filmed.
GOOD The movie gods kissed the production with a confluence of brilliant writing, photography and acting, with all parties collaborating at their ultimate peak of potential.
FAIR Wars come and go, but that sense of cascading entropy is eternal.
GOOD One of the best movies ever. The romantic pain still holds up, and political intrigue still compels.
GOOD One of the handful of films that lives up to its hype. This movie defines "classic."
FAIR Sorry, I just don't get it. But most people seem to, so fair play to it.
GOOD Timeless. Just flat out perfect and timeless.
GOOD Every bit the classic.
GOOD To many, this is the best love story ever, if not the greatest film of all times.
GOOD It's one of the three I'd take to a desert island with me to watch over and over again. The romance between all three of the main characters jumps out at the screen.
FAIR Age has not been particularly kind to it, but... [it's] carried off with far more competence and assurance than many directorial debuts have enjoyed.
BAD If I hear "Come Saturday Morning" one more time, I will throw something at innocent Pookie!
FAIR Liza Minnelli starring as a free spirit named "Pookie" could get old fast--but it doesn't, and the movie is warm and engaging.
FAIR For its 20th anniversary, 'Forrest Gump' is being rereleased for one week in the IMAX format nationwide, including at Rave Cinemas, Davenport. Here is my review from July 1994: Garp + Zelig x Chance = Gump.
FAIR Pulling the supremely naive yet mystically wise Gump off is a feather in Hanks' hat.
FAIR It might hit you right in the feels, even as your eyes are rolling. To quote one of Forrest's truest pieces of wisdom: Maybe both is happening at the same time.
FAIR Hanks is brilliant in evoking Forrest's good-heartedness; he cannot really perceive evil in men, and yet he is so untainted by bigotry or ideology that he makes the perfect witness.
FAIR This isn't the meaningful movie it pretends to be. But as a goofy entertainment that speeds through the latter half of the 20th century, stopping here and there to snap a photo or two, Forrest Gump does just fine.
FAIR Good as Wright and Sinise are in their roles as Forrest's near-suicidal soulmates, the movie always comes back to Hanks, and director Robert Zemeckis helps him to achieve some of his finest emotional moments.
GOOD Zemeckis has an exuberant sense of humor, an ability to use good ideas from other movies (he steals from Being There and Zelig) and an unmatched mastery of the technical.
GOOD The movie's technical tricks are great fun, as is its musical soundtrack, which captures the essences of the eras it traverses. But when you come right down to it, it's the oddly magnetic personality of Forrest himself that is the biggest draw.
BAD Forrest Gump is a perfectly competent movie. Its major failure is one of morals and ideas, and the fact that so many, many people did not seem to notice or care, is what really flummoxed me.
FAIR Largely enjoyable.
GOOD This tall tale may reach monumental proportions, but Forrest Gump always keeps its magical airiness and grace.
GOOD Credit for the success of the film has to start with director Robert Zemeckis, who has taken his Back to the Future and Who Framed Roger Rabbit success and parlayed it into a more mature, yet equally entertaining, film.
GOOD One can sneer at it, but one can't ignore it.
GOOD ...not a wishful paean to a fantasy version of America, but a portrait of America - its awfulness and beauty, promise and pain - as seen through the eyes of an innocent.
GOOD Moving and wonderful, but parent preview a good idea.
GOOD Even if its success was overblown, so was the backlash.
GOOD Forrest may be dumb, but he ain't stupid.
GOOD Unashamedly sentimental, this is a technically triumphant tear-jerker.
GOOD Despite its flaws, this is simply unmissable.
GOOD Its flaws don't do it any great harm; it's as comforting as an afternoon nap, but also as refreshing.
GOOD See website for more details.
BAD Toeing the centreline like a motherf***er while Rome burns. Can I get an "amen"?
FAIR Zemeckis's film has lots of heart but little in the way of guts or brains.
GOOD A great film.
GOOD This film is both serious and funny, entertaining and thought-provoking and it could make people laugh and cry with equal degree of ease.
GOOD A long lovely movie with Hanks playing a sort of goofy Everyman who shows that any of us can make it if we simply persist.
BAD The press kit says Gump brings a rare clarity to what we went through in the '50s, '60s and '70s. But I only saw a pitiful stooge taking the pie of life in the face, thoughtfully licking his fingers.
BAD Exquisitely made, expertly crafted... and a work of purest, blackest evil.
BAD Stupid is as stupid does, and this movie is, indeed, stupid.
BAD A reminder to all producers: alluding to iconic romantic comedies in a bid for legitimacy can be a dangerous game, even when you have appealing stars.
FAIR My reaction to The Holiday was no different from my reaction to Meyers' other pieces. It's cute enough, the atmosphere is sufficiently romantic comedy-like, but somehow, for some reason, I just don't bond with it.
GOOD As a voracious consumer of chick media (I like alien shoot 'em ups too!), I tell you that the story arc is extremely surprising & delightful, and that you fellas can feel safe watching this as well.
FAIR No amount of ironic gift wrapping can conceal the triteness within, in this double-plotted festive chick flick that is too long by half, and too cloyingly sweet to be healthy.
GOOD a warm, charming, extremely clever and often hilarious romantic comedy that will be a sure-fire date movie for any guy looking to please his significant other
FAIR Because everyone is rich and in love, you can see the happy ending coming a mile away, but with a film like this, it's the journey that's important and not the destination.
FAIR Sweet, sentimental and sickly.
FAIR A lot of ideas are circulating and the characters have taken hold of our emotions. If only Meyers had taken the quickest way there, it would be a much better movie.
FAIR The movie clocks in at just under two and a half hours, so the staying-awake part may be a challenge for some, but not one scene in the film feels extraneous or doesn't serve to tell the story.
BAD Watchable, but overly long and ultimately disappointing romcom, despite spirited performances and the occasional sparkly moment.
BAD This romantic comedy ends up feeling soggy, syrupy and so bloating it'll put you to sleep before the pudding's done.
FAIR An entertaining romp that succeeds on a level of pure escapism.
BAD Nancy Meyers e uma diretora mediocre e uma escritora sem talento.
FAIR Writer-director Nancy Meyers' fluff machine is on overdrive...
BAD A very pretty, safely balanced, sweet and sour film, for some nice bonding time with your other half.
FAIR At least 60 percent of this film tries too hard to be as cute as a Christmas puppy and just ends up piddling on the carpet
FAIR A finely polished piece of romantic cinema, with a generosity of spirit so all-encompassing that it's easy to forgive its occasional excesses.
FAIR Saying that Nancy Meyers' The Holiday is the best of the year's Christmas movies to date isn't saying very much.
FAIR We can all figure out where this thing is going but getting there is the prime attraction here.
BAD There are bad movies, and then there are Nancy Meyers movies.
BAD Myers has established herself as Nora Ephron Lite, which is the same as establishing yourself as white bread without the crust.
BAD Despite the honeyed charms of its female leads, the 138-minute Holiday wears out its welcome ... When Diaz meets Law's cloyingly adorable two girls, it's like choking to death on a saccharine candy cane.
FAIR Through its awkward meet-stupids and believable meet-cutes, "The Holiday" rings so many notes of joy that you can't help but like it.
BAD The Holiday is too predictable and at 138 minutes way too padded to thoroughly enjoy.
BAD ...The surprises would be surprises only if this is, like, your fourth movie ever.
FAIR Admittedly, this is a chick-flick. Guys may groan but gals are gonna love it. Like 'Love, Actually,' it's the Christmas comedy you've been waiting for.
FAIR While Meyers overwrites and has a tendency to dwell on her stars goofing around, her best material makes the less-successful stretches worth sitting through.
FAIR Watching The Holiday is a little like ordering a sticky cinnamon bun: You know the gooey, warm sweetness will taste good, but you'll feel guilty eating it.
FAIR It's actually one of the most educational chick flicks of the decade...
FAIR Admitting that it's formulaic doesn't make it any less so, but it's enjoyable in a mushy, easily digested sort of way.
BAD ...It's the women who come out the worst in Meyers's sexist worldview, where men are hopeless and women are helpless.
FAIR Winslet, who's never done a Hollywood romantic comedy before, turns out to be a natural, blushing prettily and smiling so broadly the camera seems ready to embrace her.
GOOD A lush and witty telling of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR A stylish, witty and substantial adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
FAIR For once, Thompson turns in a gimmick-free performance, and the rest of the actors range from fine to fabulous.
FAIR A little funny, a bit sad, an all-around entertaining.
GOOD Unlike most of the usual rolling hills, costume period drama, Merchant-Ivory type, century-old novel movies, Sense and Sensibility succeeds quite handily.
GOOD A little funny, a bit sad, and all-around entertaining.
GOOD We need no further proof that this material is ageless.
GOOD Enduring love, heartbreak, undying passion and bitter betrayal. What more could you ask from Jane Austen, and for that matter, from a film?
FAIR Seeing a world that seems kinder, gentler, nobler and simpler to our own can have its own theraputic value.
GOOD A host of fine performances support the great screenplay, photography and editing of the film.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is a triumph, and a film to be treasured.
FAIR The sensibility may be a bit off, but there is more than enough sense involved in this mid-Atlantic Austen to make up the difference.
FAIR [Sense and Sensibility is]...the first film of Jane Austen that I can remember having enjoyed.
FAIR Sense and Sensibility is an enjoyable film, and yet it left me somehow unsatisfied.
GOOD An exuberant, well- crafted film that gets the audience involved on a gut level.
GOOD Wonderful adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.
GOOD Told with deft skill and a pleasantly humorous romantic touch.
FAIR A soap opera of the highest caliber.
GOOD A memorable film that brings out everything we love about these kinds of stories.
GOOD The movie is good fun, boasting a dozen vivid characters and two that moviegoers will take to heart.
GOOD A glorious return to old-fashioned filmmaking at its best.
GOOD Sense and Sensibility is an absorbing, delightful, and nuanced movie.
GOOD It's bliss.
FAIR Jennifer Jason Leigh shows a surprising flair for modest, introspective moods in Agnieszka Holland's deftly directed adaptation of Henry James's quietly compassionate novel.
FAIR Leigh may sound like a peculiar casting choice for a costume drama, but her trademark mannerisms and mumbly elocution are a perfect fit.
FAIR There's isn't much tension here, and, if anything, the film is stolen by Maggie Smith and Judith Ivey as Finney's sisters.
FAIR A seriously bleak little movie...
FAIR full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR The problem with Perfect Sense is its inability to be effective as either a character-based love story or something larger and more bold.
BAD There is a low key element to this narrative much like what CHILDREN OF MEN offered, however this is not nearly as successful as Alfonso Cuaron's brilliant feature.
GOOD A deeply spiritual love story that challenges us to be fully alive to the report of our senses and to live in the present moment which will never appear again.
BAD Ultimately too silly to truly captivate.
BAD People around the world progressively lose their senses of smell, taste, hearing and, finally, sight. Too bad the filmmakers never seem to have had a sense of humor in the first place.
GOOD Visually glassy and smooth, Perfect Sense values the dynamic mood of each scene without being overly stylized.
FAIR A solemn sci-fi parable set in present-day Glasgow, whose deepening sense of foreboding is sustained by the enigmatic, pseudo-biblical reflections of an unseen narrator.
BAD Sadly, even aficionados of the Cinema of Extinction may make "Perfect Sense" an Omega choice.
BAD If you crave action, dialogue, explanations, character revelations and clear plot resolutions, Perfect Sense never lives up to its title.
BAD Filmed with the somber pretentiousness of a Babel, the movie never quite converts its premise into something grander (never mind believable).
GOOD Engrossing before packing a staggering emotional wallop as its full implications are revealed.
BAD The film loses its charm with annoying sequences that have a narrator explain to us "The Meaning of it All" and then tell us "What Really Matters" in life: Love. Love. Love.
BAD Sadly, the central romance fails to convince as the two leads lack chemistry...
FAIR British director David Mackenzie makes good use of an obviously limited budget, with the apocalypse neatly suggested by just a few litter-strewn Glasgow streets patrolled by men in respirator masks.
GOOD This is a frightening and tender sci-fi, shot very flat and unhysterical, full of eccentric detail (the need to make more entertaining food after everyone loses their sense of taste) and always an air of regret spilling out at the edges.
FAIR Although watchable, the only thing that succeeds is Mackenzie triggering our deepest, darkest fears of complete sensory malfunction ...
BAD Sublimely and uncompromisingly daft.
BAD It's a movie that leaves you guiltily unimpressed while it pours its pseudo-lyrical heart out.
BAD A pretentious and perfectly daft film that manages to combine absurdity with tedium.
FAIR Director David Mackenzie's refreshing take on the disaster plague genre goes for the personal rather than the pandemic...
BAD A half-baked apocalypse in slow motion.
FAIR An intriguing idea for a film that heightens all the senses.
BAD The story and characters have nowhere to go beyond bleak acceptance of the inevitable. So it's difficult to care what happens.
GOOD Thrillingly ambitious, ecstatically romantic, utterly unexpected.
BAD Chicly shot and edited, and pretty much art-directed to death, Mackenzie's movie is curiously underwhelming and unbearably pretentious.
GOOD A moving look at what it means to be human in the most extreme circumstances, this is kitchen-sink sci-fi with an aching soul.
FAIR Odd, but intriguing.
BAD Has an intriguing premise but fails to do anything interesting with it and ultimately struggles to engage on an emotional level, thanks to flatly written characters and some painfully pretentious direction.
BAD Leaves you with the sense of a good film that has been lost somewhere along the line.
BAD a study of increasing depravity through a pair of lovers who adaptively appreciate each other the best they can as the world erodes around them.
GOOD David Mackenzie's quietly accomplished film straddles the arthouse world and cult movies with a unique poetic vision.
BAD A narcissistic, ego-driven gabfest courtesy of indie auteur Eric Schaeffer, who appears not to have figured out that therapy is cheaper than moviemaking.
BAD Fall often feels like a remake of 9 1/2 Weeks, with Schaeffer seemingly competing with Mickey Rourke for most..disgusting sleazeball ever committed to celluloid.
BAD Despite a few decent lines of dialogue this is generally, really stupid.
BAD Fall leans too heavily in the direction of vain and smug.
BAD The actors fit their roles exceptionally well, but Zwick rarely allows them the kinds of crucial, intimate moments that establish how the characters feel about each other.
BAD A weird melodramatic epic -- Bonanza crossbred with the kind of novel that uses Fabio on the cover.
FAIR Just when it starts to seem as if Legends might just turn into a pretty good movie, along comes some tired, soap-opera plot device.
GOOD The real star, however, is John Toll's Oscar-winning cinematography, which is equally at home with the stunning beauty of the mountainous terrain and the killing fields of war-torn France.
GOOD Check your cynicism at the door, and just revel in its enormity.
BAD It's a big movie that's so small on the inside it's not there.
FAIR There's a vast psychodrama being played out on the Ludlow ranch, battles between generations, philosophies, races and sexes. And the landscapes, photographed by John Toll, majestically backdrop all the personal and cultural furies.
FAIR Tween girls will swoon over this tear-jerker.
FAIR [Pitt] casts such a saintly, beatific sheen over the proceedings that he seems to glow from within.
BAD Epic frontier soaper rambles on and on.
GOOD A rousing, epic miniseries crammed into two hours.
BAD Much too hokey to be enjoyed, even by soap standards.
FAIR It's a man's world, but Pitt's star turn and the melodramatic underpinnings may appeal more to women.
GOOD Nice...but a little unbeliveable.
BAD The Movie That Will Not Die
FAIR Can be recommended to all the viewers hungry for movies that Hollywood knew how to make some thirty or forty years ago.
BAD Big and beautiful as it looks, the film doesn't deliver much emotional punch.
FAIR Predictable and inevitable.
FAIR Just like quality loo roll, it's long in duration and strong on technical quality. Unfortunately it's also soft on plot and characterisation.
FAIR t's muddled, bombastic, and often gets by purely on style points, yet for some reason, inexplicably, it also manages to be occasionally entertaining.
FAIR This is the kind of big, robust Western love story that just begs to be filmed -- which, come to think of it, it has been.
FAIR Big, bombastic and in the hands of director Edward Zwick, a bit much. In fact, it seems at times like little more than an overblown television miniseries.
BAD What needs to be epic often seems petty and small. Perhaps it was in compensation for this narrative inadequacy that the musical score grew to be sweepingly grand and intrusively ever-present.
BAD Unless you are a big fan of seeing hearts cut out of the bodies of animals and people or unless you feel you must see all of Brad Pitt's movies (he is major handsome), I can see no reason to see this film other than as a long travelogue.
GOOD The kind of movie that doesn't require much effort to surrender to and enjoy.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
FAIR "Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
FAIR Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
BAD Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game. Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted. Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
BAD This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles. The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
BAD ...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
BAD The movie feels mediocre. It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
BAD Pijesak vremena nije film koji &#263;e gledateljima dugo ostati u sje&#263;anju, to i ne mora automatski zna&#269;iti da je lo
BAD All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure). [Blu-ray]
FAIR While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, it's also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of. My kids loved it.
FAIR The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
BAD Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
BAD Cliquez pour lire la critique...
FAIR It isn't that the film is bad, it's just that it's so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
BAD The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
BAD And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies? Yeesh.
BAD Hay en esta version cinematografica del video juego cierto espiritu clasico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones. Solo que El Principe de Persia dificilmente se convierta
BAD Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
FAIR Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
FAIR ... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
BAD I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters. Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
BAD Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
BAD Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal. Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
FAIR So comeca a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu obvio subtexto (politico) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridiculos personagens.
FAIR It plays too much like a video game.
BAD Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
BAD I don't understand how a film with a budget exceeding $150 million could only have mediocre special effects.
FAIR Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
FAIR It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot. Luckily, that doesn't happen too often.
BAD its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
FAIR Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
FAIR Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers. A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
BAD "Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
FAIR The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
FAIR Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times. Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not provide anything more than gaudy panoramas of a tropical palace to fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
GOOD One of those rare movies that you're sorry to see end.
GOOD The determined jollity of Georges Delerue's saloon piano score, which later opens up to encompass a wide world of romanticism, sets the tone for Francois Truffaut's audacious second feature, made in 1960.
GOOD An affectionate tribute to the low-budget crime movies that Truffaut so loved, and it's one of my favorite Truffaut films.
GOOD Like Charlie only being able to let his real feelings out through that little crate piano, films like this remind us of our love for film and the possibilities within even the most bare and irreverent stories.
BAD It is a teasing and frequently amusing (or moving) film that M. Truffaut has made, but it simply does not hang together.
BAD Treacly and tiresome.
FAIR More a daffy comedy than a true newspaper movie.
FAIR There's ultimately little doubt that the movie is far more successful as a showcase for Broderick's stirring work than as a fully realized drama...
FAIR If ... Wonderful World seem(s) a little tired, the film still has its own low-key pleasures, thanks to Broderick's restrained performance and a script that punctuates the inescapable saccharine of its storyline with tart little bursts of anger.
BAD Despite a film festival pedigree (it was shown at a number of local festivals on the 2009 circuit), the movie is so lightweight and inconsequential that a review seems almost superfluous.
FAIR The movie itself is a little too tidy, a little too determined to convey a lesson, but the character sticks with you.
GOOD A touching spiritual drama about a cynical man and his auspicious relationship with a wise Senegalese brother and his beautiful sister.
FAIR [Lathan] finally has a showcase, yet doesn't have a full character to play.
FAIR Soft sells its cliches so effectively and without guile they seem fresh in the telling. Then again, maybe you can never overuse the concept of people learning how to be happy.
FAIR Matthew Broderick adopts just the right attitude for his role in Wonderful World.
FAIR watching this dud is a reminder as to why Goodbye Solo and The Visitor worked as well as they did.
BAD The story never fully blends the idea of Singer's rediscovery of his artistic voice -- and even something as simple as why he was a children's performer in the first place is never addressed -- with his personal renewal.
FAIR Ferris Bueller's Jungle Fever!
BAD A less complicated, and less convincing, variation on The Visitor.
FAIR An enjoyable look into one man's emotional journey even if it doesn't offer anything that new or indispensable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD Ben is such a stock type, and his circumstances are so doggedly implausible, that his ultimate transformation and happily-ever-after are a preordained conclusion that one must dutifully await while enduring squishy dramedy.
BAD Credit Broderick and the cast for putting across the fey Indiewood bullcrap with committed, nearly convincing effort.
FAIR Charmng [thanks to] its game cast who are having an obviously marvelous time sashaying about and saying gaily artificial dialogue.
GOOD Charming take on Cinderella tale has strong heroine.
FAIR Once upon a time there was a feisty young woman who didn't sit around twiddling her pretty thumbs and singing "Someday My Prince Will Come."
GOOD A delightful movie, full of feisty, three-dimensional characters romping through comedy, romance and otherwise gloriously colorful moments.
FAIR You won't see a fairy godmother flitting from scene to scene. Nor will a pumpkin magically transform into a chariot.
BAD The bottom line is: it's cute. And it's relatively inoffensive.
FAIR There are a few nice moments when Barrymore's acting talent shines through, and the same can be said for Huston and Scott. But as a romantic comedy, this film is only slightly above average.
FAIR A high-spirited Renaissance romance starring the thoroughly modern Drew Barrymore.
FAIR A surprisingly passionate reworking of the classic Grimm Brothers' tale.
BAD Though director Andy Tennant was enthusiastic about putting this kind of spin on Cinderella, his touch turns out to be counterproductive.
GOOD A neat retelling of a very old story.
FAIR A solid lead, and an interesting and timely story line.
GOOD The most fun I've had at the movies all year.
GOOD It's Drew Barrymore's movie.
FAIR It's colorful, enjoyable and tame enough for the entire family.
FAIR There are some nice enhancements to the yarn, like the stepsisters not being particularly ugly (one even turns out to be an ally), and the prince not wanting "those certain obligations that come with privilege."
FAIR Too much talk, not enough wooing. In the end, Ever After's spell is only half cast.
BAD Veering wildly between farce and suds, the movie never makes up its mind whether it's a spoof, a soap opera or a feminist pep talk.
GOOD The best Cinderella movie ever.
FAIR Romantics will no doubt enjoy Ever After, easily overlooking its flaws. Others who attend will find, while not a perfect film, one which is better than they hoped.
GOOD A clever new twist on an age-old fable.
GOOD Ever After is the kind of fairy tale we could use more of.
GOOD A frothy delight.
GOOD Sumptuously filmed.
FAIR The old tale still has life and passion in it.
BAD ...a flat, poorly-conceived idealized romance between two less-than-captivating protagonists.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never equaled, "Crouching Tiger" soars because it showcases culture as much as cutting-edge martial arts. Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" has such a cinematic masterpiece been caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures. With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths. But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never see a more beautiful movie - and certainly no more majestic film has yet been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not find a more magnificent dragon. It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas. Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't try to blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
FAIR Movies don't get much more meta than this: a film about a screenwriter worried about writing a rom-com script because he's never been in love...
FAIR Playing It Cool is perfectly adequate date-night fare, but it would have benefited from stretching its legs and seeing more of the world.
BAD Playing it Cool has appeal. But it is just not good enough to unsettle the rom-com genre and get people really talking, laughing and loving.
BAD Relying too much on fantasy sequences and obvious from the first scenes in intent and conclusion, it's puzzling why Evans misses so badly.
BAD A simplistic and utterly-predictable morality tale.
BAD A few good scenes, a few solid messages...But he's such a dull dramatist and boring actor that the message isn't delivered.
FAIR ... smoothly entertaining. Eventually, though, Perry is undone by his own deft cliches, and he doesn't know when to stop ...
FAIR In terms of Perry's oeuvre it's surprisingly light on the cheesy melodrama.
FAIR It's in the upper half of Perry's filmography, at any rate, both in terms of conceptual rigor and execution.
BAD Tyler Perry is no Douglas Sirk.
BAD The melodramatic film has numerous light and comical touches, and the performances are uniformly good. The film's pace, however, has the consistency of molasses.
FAIR An entertaining film with Perry in the lead, but the acting honors are stolen by the supporting cast
BAD A ridiculously redemptive finale negates almost all of the preceding dramatic tension and resurrects a cloying Richard Marx chestnut to boot.
BAD 'Message' movie lacks humor to draw in teens.
BAD Whose life, Wesley asks in the movie's narration, is he living? Judging from all the sterile office and apartment space and his mile-long face, I'd say Bruce Willis's in "The Sixth Sense.''
BAD There aren't a lot of laughs in "Good Deeds," and it could have used more of them.
BAD Good Deeds honors goodness, which isn't at all a bad thing, and it's not without moments of genuine feeling. But by the film's end, after watching a seemingly infinite number of dour close-ups of sober self-evaluation, I felt bludgeoned.
FAIR [Tyler Perry's Wesley] is Prince Charming for a prospective audience of women who are less enchanted by rippling abs than by kindness and responsibility.
FAIR Perry's considerate plotting is deliberate, perhaps even overlong, but with an attuned sense of people's evolving feelings and relationships.
FAIR decent
BAD Drowning in tedious exposition, much of which is devoted to affirming the obvious.
BAD Every Perry movie has its highs and lows. This time, the highs are a little higher, and the lows not quite so low.
BAD Tyler Perry has finally achieved an odd kind of equality that heretofore eluded him: he's now just as mediocre and middle of the road as any other reliable hitmaker in Hollywood.
FAIR Although the script is flawed and filled with melodramatic moments that warrant laughter, Perry's loyal fan base will be engaged by this "Pretty Woman" meets "The Pursuit of Happyness" mash and leave theaters entertained.
BAD Good Deeds is more proof that Perry is a crude dramatist.
BAD I never thought I'd say it, but I miss Madea.
BAD A melodramatic slog riddled with laughable dialogue that wouldn't hold a made-for-TV-movie audience past the first commercial break.
GOOD Another compelling Tyler Perry parable delivering a priceless message about what really matters most.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood? First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never allowed to really get angry with the kids, which severely hampers the comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film. Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel. I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's major events are very funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a great film, but it'll do. Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the worst part of this disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't pack the same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer. That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't be funny in small doses drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet? The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never passes up an opportunity to insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists. Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults. Maybe even another 'Babe'. Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults. Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter. Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una gran pelicula ni seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de esparcimiento familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't be garnering many devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties. Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
FAIR Gives us something to think about: How much of what we consider civilization -- intellectual pursuit, politics, nationalism -- relies on language?
FAIR Anni is a feisty little thing and you can't help but root for her when she challenges these two burly soldiers and gets out of the relationship exactly what she wants.
BAD A pretty good film -- a dark comedy rigorously observed -- until Rogozhkin reveals himself to be just another New Age softie.
GOOD A consistently hilarious collision of cultures and a string of misunderstandings.
FAIR A mystical fairy tale by Alexander Rogozhkin as beautiful as it is tender.
FAIR Quietly engrossing.
FAIR Rogozhkin makes nearly all of his points with surprising subtlety.
FAIR A winning piece of folk art from an isolated way of life, worth a look for those who want to see the world in all its quirky and earthy forms.
GOOD This is an engrossing film with an oddly satisfying ending of genuine pathos.
FAIR Rogozhkin's unusual film has the audacity to consider those which uplift the human spirit, as well as those that erode it.
FAIR A well-acted, mildly arresting antiwar allegory.
GOOD It's an unabashed pacifist movie that really works, emotionally and dramatically.
GOOD An incredibly brilliant piece of minimalist drama.
GOOD Beautifully acted, a pleasure to watch.
GOOD Demonstrates how little communication has to do with language. And isn't that what the greatest films show us?
FAIR If the film has a weakness, it's that it's slow. Often ponderously slow, as it chugs along with the velocity of an oil slick moving through an ice floe
FAIR A tiny jewel of a film.
FAIR An odd but very enjoyable combination of austere drama, mystical parable and saucy comedy.
FAIR Rogozhin's finely observed character studies and his cast's capable acting ... make The Cuckoo a thoughtful film more about love than war.
BAD The movie lost me in an extended dream sequence, set in the afterlife.
FAIR The small love triangle that develops contains all the human passions of love, sex, jealousy, joy and yearning, and that is a vast canvas indeed.
FAIR The primal, almost mystical, beauty of Anni's lakeside hut, surrounded by the forest and mountains, goes a long way toward sustaining the viewer in the movie's quieter moments.
FAIR A beautifully shot, modest little fable about the misunderstandings between people.
BAD The threesome's decision to keep talking to one another is a tad preposterous, playing most profitably to our "Three's Company"-whetted appetite for malapropisms.
GOOD Humanistic without being preachy or blinded by optimism about human nature.
FAIR The Russians are still burying World War II, which seems to have been almost a bigger event for them than communism. One of the interesting burial details is The Cuckoo.
FAIR [A] charmingly slender fable about love, language, sex, and enmity -- and saunas.
FAIR Thoughtful, well-acted comedy.
FAIR Cuckoo is best described as arthouse-lite.
BAD What begins as a gripping adventure, thrillingly told with virtually no dialogue, eventually becomes a rather routine parable despite the unique setting and circumstances.
BAD It has serious themes, long, wordless scenes and poetic symbolism, but all that complexity leads to a surprisingly simplistic conclusion.
GOOD Once you give into this film's odd logic, its humor and charm will win you over.
GOOD Tender, often a bit confusing in its history, but a powerful statement about war as a massive misunderstanding.
FAIR Mr. Rogozhkin maintains a good sense of blood, dirt and sweat, human elements mingled together to keep the action rooted in some degree of reality.
BAD There are lots of slasher movies better than this.
GOOD It is a horror film, but it's a Tim Burton horror film. Make no mistake about that.
BAD Burton piles on the artistic gore for this rendition. He just forgets to add the terror.
GOOD The quirks of this Sleepy Hollow prevent it from ever being truly scary, but what they do make it is a quintessentially Burton film.
FAIR A film which looks great but, in the end, is not the sum of its body parts.
FAIR often feels akin to the Hammer horror movies made in England during the 1950s and 1960s, the spooky/gory spectacles that broke new ground in presenting on-screen violence.
FAIR The Burton trademark special effects are typically fun, but the late release and lackluster performances make Sleepy Hollow feel exactly like its title: sleepy and hollow.
FAIR Gorgeous to watch, but lacking in a sound emotional core.
GOOD A spooky gothic horror tale with first-rate production design.
FAIR Even though Sleepy Hollow takes hair-raising liberties with the great Washington Irving story on which it is based, it is nonetheless a ripping good ghost story.
FAIR It's really too bad the script stinks.
BAD Sleepy Hollow has an aesthetic that seems based on album covers. It doesn't feel like the work of an artist in any way.
FAIR Not devilishly funny enough to be a black comedy, not remotely scary enough to be an effective thriller, and too deficient in chemistry to be any kind of a romance.
GOOD Even when the narrative stalls from too many detours and decapitations, Sleepy Hollow is gorgeous filmmaking that brims over with fun-house thrills and ravishing romance.
FAIR The pace and tension are both kept up throughout the film, aided and abetted by Danny Elfman's dramatic score and the remarkable visuals.
BAD As heroic failures go, it's up there with the best.
GOOD Pretty cool flick.
FAIR History will recognize the rich imagination and secret tenderness of Burton's best films.
GOOD Danny Elfman's music is haunting and jaggedly elegiac, the perfect underpinning to the movie's look.
GOOD The best-looking horror film since Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula.
FAIR The story carefully sets up the question of rationality versus superstitious spirituality.
GOOD Just enjoy Sleepy Hollow for the gothic delight that it is.
FAIR Burton wins us over with the bravura of the film's rich atmosphere and nightmarish imagery.
FAIR Very stylistic, exciting and entertaining, Tim Burton weaves an entirely new spin on the Washington Irving classic.
FAIR The latest magnum horror opus from the mixed-up mind of Tim Burton is an fx feast for the eyes, but leaves a hollow spot in the spiritual soul.
FAIR Visually astonishing.
GOOD The offbeat crannies of Tim Burton's mind are worth visiting, and he knows how to take us into them.
GOOD Depp is as good here as he was in Ed Wood and Donnie Brasco, which means the movie has a lot more going for it than special effects, as sizzling as they are.
FAIR Burton's film is black and vermilion eye candy for spooky kids everywhere, a goth-tart for the masses.
FAIR Mediocre plot or not...this is not an ordinary run of the mill day at the chop shop!
GOOD An incredibly fascinating, star-making film that never fails to intrigue.
GOOD Donnie Darko is a bit like a teenager: brooding, complex, rebellious, and difficult to comprehend.
GOOD Maybe Richard Kelly's fate is to be the cult-film circuit's Michael Cimino. He has yet to match the mood or magnitude of his debut - a collision of time-travel sci-fi, commentary on '80s malaise and teen angst that's simultaneously witty and poignant.
GOOD The drowsy surrealism and elaborate inconclusiveness of Donnie Darko will simultaneously guarantee it a rabid cult and put it way off limits to the don't-get-its.
BAD You either love it or hate it. For those who loved it, I have only one word: overrated.c
GOOD Donnie Darko ranks among Gattaca, Pi and Dark City for pure imagination -- and surpasses them for astonishing execution.
GOOD If you believe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Anya, there's something very malevolent about bunnies.
GOOD Em seu longa-metragem de estreia, Richard Kelly prova ser nao apenas um roteirista repleto de imaginacao, mas tambem um diretor inteligente e talentoso - e Jake Gyllenhaal e um ator fascinante.
GOOD A mini-masterpiece that marks the arrival of brave new talents in Gyllenhaal and Kelly. Cult glory beckons.
FAIR An unnerving, electrifying debut film from 26-year-old writer/director Kelly, one that elucidates the universal traumas of growing up, but does so with a startling uncommonness.
FAIR You're either going to pay to see it twice or wonder what all the fuss is about.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
GOOD Twisty, disturbing mix of John Hughes and James Cameron is an unsettling meditation on fate -- and the debut of a major talent.
GOOD A deceptive combination of all sorts of tones that seems like a stylistic jumble while keeping up a restrained front and never resorting to easy hyperactivity.
GOOD Dark, interesting and downright weird film that plays like a teen movie filtered through the work of David Lynch.
GOOD An astonishingly imaginative, poignant, genre-defying tale of teen love, insanity and time travel.
FAIR Donnie Darko promises a feast, but when the film ends, you are left only with the scraps.
GOOD This movie disappeared without a trace at the American box office in October last year, which is a shame.
GOOD An honest, humorous, bittersweet, disturbing look at the confusion of adolescence.
GOOD The movie is made up of odd parts that somehow go together perfectly. One of the most important films about teenagers ever.
GOOD As in any fable, there are spires, towers and moats, and it's a spellbinding saga - a macabre dance choreographed by its romance's throbbing heart. Mathilde and Manech's love left its mark in many places, so why not the grungiest and war-torn?
FAIR a successful genre combination of a war film, period romance, detective story and black comedy
GOOD Jean-Pierre Jeunet represents that select group of filmmakers who treat special effects as their own art.
FAIR A Very Long Engagement is every bit the fantasy, the fairy tale, that Amelie was, yet we are expected to take it seriously. I couldn't.
BAD ...light entertainment, but offers only a shallow insight into war.
GOOD As lovely to look at it as it is heart-wrenching, "A Very Long Engagement" is one of the best films of 2004.
FAIR (...) Una pelicula vistoza, llamativa, en muchos aspectos sorprendente, pero que no deja de sonar a figurita repetida, a cosa ya vista.
GOOD This is one of the finest films -- foreign or otherwise -- to come along in years.
FAIR Entirely deserving of its unofficial subtitle 'Amelie Goes To War', this is a well-made, frequently enjoyable drama, although the whimsical direction often seems inappropriate for the darkness of the material.
BAD one very imaginative boring movie
FAIR A harrowing account of why the French ARE NOT p*****s
GOOD A movie where you know at once that it will still be watched 60 or 70 years down the road, and that it will lose none of its power or charm in the intervening years
GOOD One of those rare gems that don't come along too often.
FAIR For all their magical and mystical moments, Jeunet's films are suffocatingly literal; his ever-mobile camera leaves no empty spaces for the viewer's imagination to inhabit.
FAIR A different kind of epic, with a light touch and an offbeat attitude that strip the story of much of its gravitas and instead replace it with a freewheeling flippancy.
BAD Think of the strange mixture of Amelie and All Quiet on the Western Front and you have a disjointed, muted - and yes, quirky - World War I epic.
GOOD A mature, yet original, work that is powerful emotionally, intellectually and visually.
FAIR It's a beautiful accomplishment, even if it's not the triumph that Amelie is.
GOOD Sweeping, sentimental, suspenseful epic World War I tale
GOOD The film is near perfect in its attempt to properly mix the irrationality of war in with an interesting love story.
GOOD The director and star of Amelie (Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Audrey Tautou) reunite for this grimmer, grimier, but no less magnificent moviegoing experience.
FAIR Visual adept, but long and tedious
GOOD The first 20 minutes ... feel like a snuff film made with a James Ivory sensibility.
GOOD In the rough magic of A Very Long Engagement, even the strangest events seem perfectly logical and emotionally true.
FAIR When Jeunet attempts to achieve dramatic heft, with no commensurate change in style, he falls distressingly short.
FAIR A very entertaining film, full of warm moments and mellifluous charm, almost enough to make you wonder what that pesky war is doing in there anyway.
GOOD War, it says, is what separates love from hate, life from death and the beautiful from the ugly -- and Jeunet's film says it with great invention and artistry.
GOOD A poignant and powerful story of passion and persistence, easily among the best films of 2004.
GOOD Tautou, as always, makes this an enchanting trip.
FAIR The ideas and images Engagement uses to express itself indirectly are deeply felt.
FAIR There's only so much candy the eye can consume before nausea sets in.
GOOD While A Very Long Engagement lacks Amelie's impish charm, it gives Jeunet even more emotional colors to play with. And his handling of the film's technical aspects is little short of staggering.
BAD The comic-dramatic divide of A Very Long Engagement is difficult to traverse, much less conquer. It's simply hard to be charmed with all those corpses scattered about.
GOOD If you are among those feeling starved for an epic romance, this engaging, touching, drama-comedy- mystery fills the bill.
FAIR Chinese-American mom and daughter reconnect.
GOOD Wu has abundant affection for her characters and a sharp eye for how they interact.
FAIR If that sounds supremely sitcomy, well, it is. But Wu and her cast elevate the proceedings.
FAIR The sort of competent, intelligent and humane film that often signals the beginning of a major career.
FAIR First-time writer-director Alice Wu has taken the usual romance formula and given it cultural pizzazz.
FAIR Although fun while it lasts, it's just another cute story about family and acceptance that could have been a lot more convincing and heartfelt with just a little more depth.
FAIR Far from seeming weighed down by a need to satisfy various interest groups, "Face" is light-footed, at times cheeky and always true to its sharply-drawn cast of characters.
FAIR It's a coming-out party for Krusiec, a bit player in Sweet Home Alabama who blossoms as a performer relaying emotion with deft touches and subtle yearning.
FAIR As a sweet comedy, it's enjoyable enough, as long as you don't expect it to carry the burden of an entire ethnic or sexual community on its shoulders.
FAIR Equal parts adorable and unbelievable.
FAIR ... surprisingly fresh and charming overall.
FAIR Goes beyond the obvious into something a lot more current and meaningful: the need to make your own love, even if society looks askance.
GOOD Saves face with terrific performances.
FAIR An energetic and endearing story about three generations of a Chinese immigrant family.
FAIR Wu has a keen ear for the rhythm of speech, and much of the humour rests in the conversations' staccato beat -- in breezy put-downs and tossed-off asides and disgruntled mutterings.
FAIR Making a point about choices, as opposed to convention and conformity.
FAIR Wu shows romantic comedies can be more than a Cole Porter soundtrack and snappy comebacks
FAIR [Saving Face] gets its heart pumping by putting its lovers smack in the middle of family and community.
FAIR A first film with a deft comedic touch and a trio of charming stars.
FAIR This culture-clash, generation-gap comic drama is cliched and corny. But it's also charming.
FAIR The people in Saving Face make plenty of mistakes, but Wu's script views their mistakes with compassion.
FAIR Family culture-clash romantic comedy gets a delightful twist in the funny, charming Saving Face.
FAIR From generic comedy roots comes something likably cute.
FAIR ...a conventional but ambitious and tender vehicle about cultural traditions of passion crossing forbidden paths.
FAIR A first-time writer-director, Wu handles most of the movie with breezy confidence, drawing strong performances from all of her leading actors.
FAIR [Chen] reduces the wattage on her luminousness to make Ma seem sympathetically homely without turning downright pitiful. It's an engaging performance.
FAIR Unexpected pregnancy and family politics can be heavy, dramatically explosive issues, but Wu tempers her direction with empathy and her script with well-placed laughs, attempting to bridge both cultural and generation gaps without alienating either.
BAD (Writer-wirector) Wu...seems less interested in choices and consequences than she is in sending audiences away with a smile.
FAIR An affable comedy.
FAIR Wu's film takes the received wisdom of The Joy Luck Club for a delightful spin through unwed motherhood, lesbianism and Chinese-American family values.
BAD Seldom have we seen such an extensive ensemble of talent in the movies yanked through the material like lambs on their way to a slaughter.
BAD Love? Actually, no. More like disappointment, and, at times, hatred.
GOOD Romantic and entertaining -- for older teens.
GOOD Without ever sounding a false note, this endearing ensemble holiday flick manages to be nuttier than Notting Hill, more satisfying than Bridget Jones' Diary, and even more intricate than Four Weddings and a Funeral.
FAIR It's a perfectly respectable debut for Curtis.
GOOD Plenty of entertainment in this well acted ensemble comedy that Robert Altman could easily have put his name on.
FAIR The film lives up to its hype.
BAD This is definitely a case of a writer-turned-director that is too in love with his own script to make hard choices about what to keep and what to cut.
BAD Funny? Maybe. Not to me.
BAD A charming little film that, unfortunately, gets carried away with itself and never quite makes the grade.
FAIR It's tart and amusing but carries a slightly cloying aftertaste.
BAD In the end the film is just as winsome and sugary as its facile message: "love, actually, is all around."
BAD It wants to swirl round the world and find love in every cranny, but it doesn't have the effortless rush of energy that it would need to make the masses of plot come together.
BAD While the movie is occasionally charming, the souffle falls flat in the end ...
FAIR Impressive, if self-indulgent directing debut.
FAIR Upon first viewing, it is something of a guilty pleasure. Upon second viewing, it is simply a pleasure.
BAD This kind of comedy has just hit the wall.
BAD There's simply too much here to digest.
BAD Screenwriter Richard Curtis tries to direct, puts too many eggs in his basket, and winds up with a very runny omelette.
BAD Curtis repeats and reiterates these themes to the point that it's just as redundant as saying that someone repeats and reiterates in the same statement.
FAIR 'Encantadora, romantica y magica, es una de esa cintas que cualquiera que aun crea en la bondad humana y en lo hermoso de las relaciones personales va a disfrutar como nadie'
BAD Sitting through 128 minutes of this much aggressive charm and wit is like being mugged in slow motion by beautiful people from the pages of Vanity Fair.
GOOD Jamais deixa de ser envolvente, ja que Curtis, um escritor experiente, e habil na construcao das historias, que sao recheadas com seu humor tipicamente britanico.
FAIR Richard Curtis is so earnest ... that what otherwise might seem overly sentimental and cloying comes across as genuinely touching
FAIR Peppered with so many moments of raw, affecting honesty that it's intensely difficult to dislike -- and tempting to forgive Richard Curtis for not finishing what he starts,
FAIR You'll laugh! You'll cry! And you'll go home feeling ever so slightly used...
GOOD I'll take an overly sentimental movie over a sardonic one any day - particularly around the holidays. Now if I only Santa would tuck Hugh under my Christmas tree.
FAIR It's a very Kaufmanesque narrative experiment, technically ingenious and sophisticated. It also looks like some lost comedy idea by Philip K Dick; you could call this film We Can Forget It for You Retail.
GOOD This outing from Kaufman's oddball imagination is wonderfully intriguing, often touching and typically convoluted.
GOOD What follows will knock you silly, upending every single concept of storytelling that you're probably used to.
GOOD Kaufman's latest is a weird, visually woozy rom-com-in-reverse that charms, amuses and moves.
GOOD Imaginative, loopy romance is for adults only.
GOOD Most imaginative and impressively executed...
GOOD Kaufman and Gondry bring out all the weirdness of the premise, sometimes eliciting disbelieving laughter, sometimes taking us to odd, chilly places.
GOOD Walking into a theater with Charlie Kaufman on the screen is like volunteering for that wacky boat trip Willy Wonka took through the chocolate factory tunnel...
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.
FAIR The reality is that Hollywood is such an idea poor place Kaufman tends to get more credit than he deserves for work which only occasionally rises above the level of mind games and showy sleight of hand.
GOOD It is an enchanting clutter of love and reason that will only appeal to the audience willing to take the time to see the movie and then think about it later.
FAIR Romance was never this stark or twisted.
GOOD Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are perfectly cast in this movie, and Winslet's Oscar nomination was well-deserved. The writing, direction and acting are all top-notch.
GOOD The kind of movie that only gets better the more you think about it and I think it cries out for repeat viewings.
GOOD You won't soon forget this walk down memory lane. Actually, make that a RUN down memory lane.
GOOD Most Hollywood films tell us we have everything we need within ourselves. [This movie] indicates that we need each other, even ... when togetherness disrupts happiness.
GOOD An unusual one but a great one, it will have you asking questions about the true nature of love for some time afterwards.
GOOD Without a connection to the central relationship, all of Kaufman's musings and Gondry's visual frills would be for naught, but... it all fits into place.
GOOD Maybe this isn't for everyone, but it's so well written, directed, and acted that I found it beguiling, thought provoking entertainment.
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is undeniably ambitious filmmaking and a feather in this year's cap of indie movies
GOOD Es una de esas peliculas donde la risa, el humor, la locura y la emocion te producen, al final, ganas de salir y enamorarte.
GOOD Carrey gracefully paints the neuroses of a man who has no security or intimacy beyond the close grip of his gloomy knit hat.
GOOD Breaks the mold, harnessing some of the same energy and imagination to create a highly original love story.
GOOD ...un hilo conductor que juega con el espacio y el tiempo, construyendo y deconstruyendo una historia que solo puede ser entendida al estilo Kaufman...
GOOD Movies this brilliantly designed and executed are rarities.
GOOD Brilliantly original and ingeniously revolutionary, Gondry and Kaufman couldn't be better paired.
GOOD Capturing the joys and pains of romantic obsession as few filmmakers have before, Gondry and Kaufman have come up with a masterpiece.
GOOD Love must flourish in the heart and soul of every romantic and emerge without trepidation or doubt.
GOOD This frothy theatre adaptation dates from the period when Hollywood had pretty much perfected the art of the romantic comedy.
GOOD This is close to perfection with Katharine Hepburn repeating her stage triumph as spoilt socialite Tracy Lord.
GOOD Still a sparkling delight.
GOOD Utterly beguiling, funny and romantic ...
GOOD Cukor's direction flawlessly picks up on defining character traits, and all the intricate detail makes watching this movie feel like you're an invisible gatecrasher at the Lords' party.
GOOD Just sit back and enjoy romantic comedy at its most sublime.
GOOD Spoofs and plays sly homage to Clifford Odets' earnest socialist dramas
GOOD Screwball romance is lots of fun for older kids.
GOOD With such a stellar cast, a fine director working in the type of picture he did best, and some genuinely witty dialogue, this film has all the ingredients for a great comedy.
GOOD Is The Philadelphia Story about cutting Katharine Hepburn down to size?
GOOD O charme do trio principal e a inteligencia dos dialogos permitiram que o filme envelhecesse maravilhosamente bem.
FAIR I don't think anyone really cares about the fact that this was intended to be a cunning class satire with a capital C, but it's got big stars, they say cool things, they look good, it's funny, and the right guy gets the right girl in amusing fashion.
GOOD Excellent casting, a great storyline and a shrp script mean that this remains a classic of the genre and one of Katherine Hepburn's best roles.
GOOD [Relies] less on physical comedy and more on immaculately delivered zingers.
GOOD Everyone and everything about the film is mostly perfect, and what the movie ultimately says about the nature of love is still prescient.
GOOD Brilliantly entertaining.
GOOD The Philadelphia Story is a classic movie featuring three of the silver screen's greatest and most enduring stars.
GOOD Hepburn, Grant and Stewart star in one of the best romantic comedies ever made!
GOOD It has been a long time since Hollywood has spent itself so extravagantly, and to such entertaining effect, upon a straight upper-crust fable, an unblushing apologia for plutocracy.
GOOD Nearly perfect film version of the play.
GOOD Everyone is at the top of his game in this sparkling satire.
GOOD You could...fill a book with all the magical things that make this witty, swift, and wistful romantic comedy so impossibly good. Hollywood doesn't make romantic comedies like this anymore.
GOOD The prettiest sight in this fine pretty world!
GOOD Hepburn at her pinnacle; Grant and Stewart at their most charming; witty, warm and wonderful. A timeless work.
GOOD A parlor drama with witty, Oscar Wilde-like banter and glib repartee
FAIR More of an oddball comedy than a screwball comedy, The Philadelphia Story's gender politics haven't aged exceptionally well even if its laughs have done okay.
GOOD Grant, Stewart, and Hepburn deliver impeccable performances.
FAIR A lot more fun thatn you expect going in. Burrows has seldom been more watchable.
GOOD Allen (as a result of his exposure to Bergman, perhaps) has greatly matured as a filmmaking talent. Annie Hall is, by far, his most sophisticated, most emotionally complex film.
GOOD Although Woody Allen had still to acquire great technical strength as a film-maker, this was the movie where he found his own singular voice, a voice that echoes across events with a mixture of exuberance and introspection.
GOOD This is the link between Allen's "earlier, funnier" stuff and more probing works like Interiors and Manhattan. Would that we all could build such masterful bridges.
GOOD Woody Allen's classic comedy has one opening scene after another, never seeming to run short of prologues and prefaces.
GOOD Many things mark Annie Hall's place in cinema history, but none of them are the reason you should see this movie. That would be the humour, poignancy and acute observation contained in each and every frame.
GOOD Seeing it again for the first time in many years, I'm struck by how perfect it seems.
FAIR A funny film, and it's fresh even today, though it's not a knee-slapper. Rather, it's a shrug-your-shoulder-and-grin kind of movie.
FAIR Funny movie about relationships. Not for kids.
GOOD It is unabashedly quirky and peculiar, but as such it has the kind of visionary quality essential to all truly great cinema.
GOOD Seminal, hilarious look at contemporary relationships.
GOOD Woody Allen at his smartest, wittiest, funniest and best.
GOOD For all the jokes though, it is the relationship between Alvy and Annie that makes it so wonderful.
GOOD Lifelong anhedonia may have robbed Allen of happiness, but at least it gave him some material.
GOOD Allen's only perfect movie.
GOOD It's good, but it's far from Allen's best film.
GOOD Woody Allen in his prime. Great narrative gimmicks and a tragically realistic story.
GOOD A near perfect romantic-comedy
GOOD Woody Allen is a genius. You can't even say that he really is an American filmmaker, because his movies are in a category of their own.
GOOD I love how honest this movie is. It's raw, it's awkward, and it's ugly, but it's all right there and right on.
GOOD Watching it again, 25 years after its April 1977 premiere, I am astonished by how scene after scene has an instant familiarity.
GOOD It's a slight story but what makes this film significant in Allen's long career is that it's really the first time he wrote adult characters.
GOOD Woody's most romantic and most poignant comedy, albeit a neurotic one.
GOOD Just when you feel like you want to look away, it brings you back with a devastating one-liner.
GOOD That this Woody Allen film is of such raw-nerved honesty is admirable. That it is also so incessantly funny is remarkable.
GOOD The dialogue is so perfect that the film seems to shoot right back at the audience, reminding them of themselves.
GOOD The strength of Eastwood's Bridges is in its patience, and how it lets the love story develop from start to finish, even though the audience knows from the beginning the broad strokes of what's going to happen.
GOOD With Eastwood as Kincaid and Meryl Streep as Francesca, this carefully observant love story turns Waller's pop-lit passion into screen art.
FAIR Bridges is an admirable achievement, one that probably does more to reposition its maker as someone who can carry a movie without carrying a gun than as the director/star of a Love Story for the Loving Care set.
FAIR Those who found Waller's book an outrageously bad read may be gratefully surprised to find less mush in the movie.
GOOD Beautifully photographed and directed with an intimate maturity, the film reveals its characters in an unhurried way, thus making the audience accomplices in the unfolding liaison.
GOOD The result, if rather thin and certainly far from a masterpiece, is nevertheless quite lovely. This affecting little film is easily one of Eastwood's best efforts as a director.
GOOD Eastwood's Bridges has the energy and spontaneity of a picture that was shot quickly. And that serves the material well, because it removes the solemnity that could stiffle a modern classic.
FAIR The Bridges of Madison County is as good as it is because of its performances. It's as bad as it is because of its source.
FAIR Still one of Hollywood's most assured directors, Clint Eastwood transcends the story's cliches with a classically restrained yet steadily imaginative filmmaking style.
GOOD Streep and Eastwood's chemistry makes the film.
GOOD The film is good enough; Streep is the X-factor that makes it excellent.
FAIR Little happens here apart from a long, slow buildup to sentimentalized coitus, but there's no denying the sheer screen presence of these two 500-lb. gorillas of pop culture.
FAIR An unlikely choice as director and producer, it's thanks to Eastwood's relatively thin sentimental streak that the film doesn't fall headlong into a lagoon of schmaltz.
GOOD Perhaps the only time in history a movie was far better than its source material
GOOD ...an old-fashioned love story for adults.
FAIR This didn't pain me anywhere near as much as I thought it would. A money-grab, surely, and Clint's weird bush story is very awkward, but generally charming enough for a date with a boring person.
GOOD Atmospheric love story with Eastwood and Streep in great form.
FAIR Eastwood can do no wrong in my eyes ... but he came dangerously close with this one.
FAIR Better than the book.
GOOD Outstanding drama. Actually makes a case for adultery. You really feel for them and get sucked into this quiet world.
FAIR Eastwood's Robert Kincaid -- made out in the book to be some sort of quasi-mythical cross between the Marlboro Man and Ralph Waldo Emerson -- is toned down so much as to be almost uncompelling.
FAIR Considering the turgid potboiler it's based on, we should be grateful Eastwood achieved as much as he did.
FAIR A more than solid piece of entertainment that proves that romance isn't dead after all.
GOOD A dizzy, dusty masterpiece
FAIR What the movie does that the book couldn't do is tap into the poignancy that comes of seeing two stars who used to be young and beautiful suddenly looking very mortal.
GOOD I've seen the movie twice now and was even more involved the second time, because I was able to pay more attention to the nuances of voice and gesture.
GOOD The Bridges of Madison County is a beautiful film, not only in the way it was photographed, but for the manner through which the characters are revealed to us.
BAD Utter pap, redeemed only by the professionalism of its stars in sub-standard material.
GOOD Respect to Clint for putting his cojones on the line to make a 'chick flick,' and utmost respect to him for pulling it off with aplomb.
GOOD Bridges is another example of Eastwood's remarkable economy of style as both a director and an actor. It is neither his best work nor his worst, though it is a fascinating exploration.
FAIR Playing the part as if born to it, Cooper is at the top of his game, imbuing Deeds with just the right blend of empathy and intelligence.
GOOD Snappy lines, stellar performances, Capra classic.
GOOD A wonderful Capra vehicle; Cooper is superb; Arthur luminous. A comic movie with heart and a point to make. True Capra-corn, and that is not a criticism. A fine example of populist art.
GOOD Essential Capra and one of his best. Cooper and Arthur are luminous.
GOOD It's tough enough to film a credible morality play without being laughed out of town. It's altogether mind boggling to do so and provide a grade A romantic comedy to boot.
BAD The tedium of Mr. Deeds Goes to Town outweighs its message of freedom and charity.
GOOD Here is a shamelessly simple story with a populist point of view, but it is handled with such charm and charisma and acted so well by Cooper and Arthur that it became another Frank Capra classic.
BAD This flawed, fractured fairy tale fails to scare up many chuckles or much charm. As Ebenezer Scrooge himself might say, "Bah, humbug!"
BAD As superficial and melodramatic as one might've expected...
BAD Matthew McConaughey proves better than the material put before him in the intermittently intriguing Ghosts of Girlfriends Past
BAD Ideally, you want to see the male and female leads end up together in a romantic comedy; if not, it all starts to become kind of creepy.
BAD Although there are some sweetly sentimental moments, they are not nearly enough to redeem what is otherwise a fairly mean-spirited film.
FAIR A watchable pastiche of A Christmas Carol, this rom-com resorts to corny slapstick a bit too often but also manages to find moments of real resonance
BAD The comedy is reduced to pratfalls and embarrassing situations, and much of it comes across as just mean-spirited.
FAIR Director Mark Waters finds the movie's laughs in the supporting players: Michael Douglas, Emma Stone and Lacey Chabert.
BAD The only thing of note is that its star, Matthew McConaughey, doesn't remove his shirt
BAD Quirky supporting characters enliven this by-the-numbers romcom.
BAD McConaughey too once showed promise, but here he seems to be auditioning for a bad sitcom, while Garner misuses her gawky sincerity.
BAD I suppose your reaction to the film will depend to some extent on whether or not you find Matthew McConaughey a charmer. I don't, so I found Connor repulsive with no redeeming features.
BAD Let's be clear: this is trash, not very funny and sometimes jaw-droppingly insulting.
BAD The ending does a big flip flop, but if you go in with low expectations, you'll have a hard not laughing in Ghosts of Girlfriends Past.
FAIR Not as bad as you might think, but...
BAD Lose Michael Douglas and there is pretty much nothing about the movie that's appealing in even the smallest degree.
BAD A more appropriate title would have been Screwed, in reference to the character's predicament, and the audience's response to wasting money on this clunker.
BAD Ghosts of Girlfriends Past submits that Connor deserves to be saved by Jenny. But it never shows how or why she should bother with him.
BAD The whole concept founders on McConaughey's unalterable cheesiness. Flimsy though it is, the film has a couple of okay jokes, and might have been passable with a more endearing star.
BAD Tired slapstick, an air of cheesiness, some bad '80s pop songs and spurious emotion -- at the service of an unlikable screenplay with a downright nasty tone.
BAD McConaughey is just too good at being a sleaze; he sold me and I never believed his transformation. Meanwhile Garner faded into the woodwork
BAD Sleazy, shallow and at times downright tasteless, 'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' would have Charles Dickens spinning in his grave.
BAD It shamelessly rips off all of the films and TV specials that have also ripped off his brilliant, metaphor-filled story.
BAD When the movie is not immersed in the main character's subconscious it's almost unspeakably bad.
BAD There are some things that even Matthew McConaughey's laid-back charm can't fix.
FAIR far better than the last two opening summer weekend counter-programming choices (Made of Honor last year and the dreadful Lucky You in 2007)
FAIR It's fortunate director Mark Waters thought to surround his pretty-boy star with so much talent -- without their combined efforts, this wouldn't stand a ghost of a chance when it comes to offering any semblance of entertainment.
FAIR Kind of cute ... it never takes itself too seriously and is filled with deliciously cheesy lines.
BAD When I first read about this movie several years ago, it was a star vehicle for Ben Affleck, and I thought it was a great idea. I was wrong.
FAIR I'm almost embarrassed to admit I found Ghosts of Girlfriends Past the season's first genuine guilty pleasure.
BAD In a movie as spiritless and stupid as this, you can't help but look for clues you've hit bottom.
BAD McConaughey has never really found his niche as a movie star, occasionally scoring in an adventure film, but lumbering through a series of romantic comedies to no good effect.
BAD Only two characters might qualify as sympathetic.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
BAD If a member of cast could save a film, Michelle Williams would be the person to hire, since her central performance in this muddle of a movie is the only thing that stops it being unwatchable.
BAD a well-made film featuring good actors and which tells an intimate story, but which tries to do too much and collapses under the weight of its own aspirations
FAIR It's an atmospheric drama and a strong turn from Williams, but doesn't tell us anything about ourselves or the terrorists that we didn't already know.
BAD It ends up being a compendium of bizarre diversions, most of which are utterly surplus to the film's half-cocked desire to stick with the experience and emotions of its main character.
BAD The movie plunges straight down that treacherous black hole that exists between fact and fiction and the inability to replicate either.
BAD A big-hearted, well-intentioned but ultimately overstretched adaptation.
BAD Bridget Jones's (Incend)Diary, Maguire is to be commended for attempting a contemporary terrorist drama, but seems more comfortable in the big-knickered North London fantasy world.
FAIR By then, Incendiary has become a tear-stained monologue about bereavement and resilience - it goes off with a bang, but ends with a whimper.
BAD Were it not for Williams's Oscar-quality performance, all the more remarkable for the shambolic incompetence that surrounds her, this would be a turkey.
BAD It's only Williams who gives the film any life but, in the face of these odds, even she's helpless to save it from a one-star rating.
BAD A silly tale involving an unbelievably young top anti-terror cop, an unrealistic journalist, laughable imaginary letters to Bin Laden and a far-fetched friendship between the mum and the bomber's son.
BAD After that, cliche piles upon cliche, interspersed with moments of wild unreality and some ill-thought out conspiracy theory. It makes you feel embarrassed for everyone involved.
BAD While individual scenes work well, the whole simply defies belief. And, because of this, the final polemic which suggests that London, constantly renewing itself, will never be defeated, simply appears hopelessly sentimental.
FAIR But it maintains its connection with us through Williams' fiercely open-hearted portrayal of a woman losing her grip on her life. And this is just emotional and offbeat enough to make the film worth a look.
BAD Even more problematic is that the Young Woman's lover (the Ewan McGregor one) works for the Daily Express. None of this is calculated to warm your cockles.
FAIR Williams is magnificent in her role -- though they beat the living hell out of her, to a point where it almost becomes ridiculous.
FAIR Between the toe twinkling and ivory tickling it's still a comfortable, cosy way to pass an afternoon.
FAIR Although all the holiday's are covered, this is really a Christmas movie at heart. Overshadowed by its more famous (and overrated) remake, Holiday Inn deserves more credit than it gets.
GOOD This classic musical paired Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire for the first time.
GOOD Classic musical with some controversial material.
FAIR The film's highlight is a bang-up July 4th 'Let's Say It with Firecrackers' that finds Astaire in fine form.
FAIR Call it old-fashioned or old Hollywood fluff, Holiday Inn is a sweet, pleasant slice of another time in pop entertainment.
GOOD Great songs and stars and a pretty good script, too
FAIR One of Astaire's low points, but with a sensational 4th of July dance number.
FAIR Despite not being the success it could have been, this can still inspire a festive glow.
GOOD Holiday Inn, is, of course, filled with the kind of pretty Christmas songs and picture-postcard scenes of snow and horse-drawn sleighs that make for beloved holiday movies. But there's also some darkness lurking here.
BAD So it goes in this kind of romantic nonsense that isn't too different in essential content from the four-hankie movies of the nineteen-thirties and forties.
GOOD French film about two adventuresome youth who go into training for the end of the world
BAD Though amicable and funny, it might disappoint those expecting a film more ambitious and layered from the praise of the [Directors' Fortnight] jury.
GOOD Some films exist in a vacuum. Others, like Le rayon vert, the fifth tale in Eric Rohmer's Comedies and Proverbs series, are destined to have a seismic impact on the cinema that comes after it.
GOOD A perspicaciously empathetic study of solitude, depression and anxiety.
GOOD A lovely, gentle film.
GOOD A film which is at once nothing and everything.
GOOD What might easily feel loose and inconsequential ends up feeling like sly magic.
FAIR It's as if we ourselves are observing life, learning and evolving with Delphine.
GOOD Now here's a summer movie to get excited about.
GOOD Eric Rohmer's comedy, one of his best, follows a lonely Parisian secretary as her quest for a transcendent July vacation becomes stalled in misadventure and self-doubt.
BAD Stay awake through this 90-minute exercise in conceitedness (which presumably tells us how the modern world makes us all sad and pathetic) and you'll be rewarded with... well, with nothing. Congrats, more meaningless cinema under your belt.
GOOD Also known as The Green Ray; by any name, this rose would smell as sweet. An all-time-great film that feels like a romance even though, I suppose, it isn't.
GOOD Summer initially seems slight, but it's a movie of uncommon sensitivity and emotional reserves.
GOOD French New Wave director Eric Rohmer has always had a particular talent for transforming even the most inconsequential stories into fascinating portraits of the difficulties of choice and the moral complexity of making decisions.
FAIR If Eric Rohmer were basing a film on your diary, he would only use the entries where you observe that nothing much happened. He is interested in the times between the big moments, the times when boredom and disenchantment set in.
GOOD Quite possibly the greatest romantic comedy since Some Like It Hot.
FAIR Reiner wants to maintain the sitcom sense of comfort and familiarity; he creates types that we somehow already know, slightly out-of-focus images in which we can see ourselves and our friends.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally pleasantly affirms the institution of marriage while showing how difficult it is to achieve a lasting one.
GOOD The summer's uncorseted, unqualified delight.
GOOD What knocks it out of the park is the combination of Ephron's insights and Reiner's matchless comic chops.
GOOD The fake-orgasm-in-a-deli set piece propelled Ryan into stratospheric stardom, but there are numerous other pleasures to be found in Nora Ephron's Oscar-nominated screenplay and Rob Reiner's astute direction.
FAIR When Harry Met Sally is funny and likable, but it will be a torture chamber for anxious singles.
FAIR If you love vintage Woody Allen, you'll like the nouveau Rob Reiner.
FAIR During the slow passages, I wondered to what extent the film's creators are aware of its Woodyisms, and to what degree they feel guilty about ripping Allen off.
FAIR ...a better-than-average romantic comedy that remains just as relevant now as it did in 1989...
FAIR Director Rob Reiner has a killer instinct for setting up jokes and punchlines, and is vastly aided by the performances and chemistry of Crystal and Ryan, as well as crisp supporting work from Carrie Fisher and Bruno Kirby.
GOOD Reiner's film breaks the romantic-comedy mold because it's not so much about Harry and Sally as it is about men and women.
GOOD What keeps the momentum going, despite the story's predictability, is the dialogue and the chemistry, which makes for a high-wire act.
GOOD A classic romantic comedy.
BAD Overrated nonsense about two people who would never date in real life.
BAD Much valued in some corners, but found downright painful in this one.
FAIR What Harry and Sally do -- the true focus of this often funny but amazingly hollow film -- is saunter through the romanticized lives of intelligent, successful, neurotic New Yorkers.
GOOD The best romantic comedy ever made.
GOOD Meg Ryan-Billy Crystal romantic comedy is hard not to like.
GOOD This film is pure fun from start to end, and it made me want to be in love again.
GOOD The writing and direction plays with the [romantic comedy] form and your expectations alike throughout, and with such good performances the film makes for a deliciously prickly ride with laugh-out-loud moments and scenes that resonate through the story.
GOOD takes its time in exploring the long, sometimes bumpy, and often comical process by which two people might discover they are in love
GOOD We have to give When Harry Met Sally... credit for what it did: Make one of the few romance films that bears any kind of truth without also being a dark comedy.
GOOD The script is an excellent breakdown of timeless conversations between the sexes...witty repartee between the two leads, and a beautifully constructed love story that is carefully assembled over time, and gently eases you into the wonder of...love.
BAD When Harry Met Sally is alright as a piece of entertainment for a little while, but it is by far Reiner's worst film.
GOOD A sweet, cheerfully vulgar, and often very funny old-fashioned romantic comedy.
GOOD Offers an often humorous, occasionally poignant view of men, women, sex, love, and friendship.
FAIR ...consistently funny, with writing of the 'In a city of 8 million people, I have to run into my ex-wife!' calibre.
GOOD Although probably best known for its show-stopping deli scene where Sally demonstrates how a woman can convincingly fake orgasm, When Harry Met Sally has many other memorable moments that are funny and observant of the peculiarities of the sexes.
GOOD When Harry Met Sally . . . is an adult romantic comedy in a time when we don't get very many, and it has one thing going for it that gives it an enormous boost -- it's very funny.
FAIR What makes it special, apart from the Ephron screenplay, is the chemistry between Crystal and Ryan.
GOOD More amazing work from Gondry. If you're interested in a basic narrative, look away; if you prize inventive filmmaking, don't miss it.
GOOD The Science Of Sleep is truly a delight at times, a startlingly original piece of work that's not as accessible as Eternal Sunshine but is every bit as magnificent when in full flow.
GOOD It's kind of weird and very French, but don't let that scare you. The Science of Sleep is well worth your time.
BAD It's not that The Science of Sleep is a terrible film. It's not. It's just that it doesn't operate properly and there's nothing worse than seeing a film in which obvious design and potential is ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR A visual treat from beginning to end.
FAIR Another comic love story that takes us inside a character's psyche, but Kaufman's rock-solid jokes are replaced by whimsy.
FAIR Gondry always manages to maintain a childlike wonder in the magic of creating a moving image, and never is it more evident than in this film.
FAIR It's whimsical to the point of maddening. Bernal does his best, but there's only so much fawning any man can get away with.
BAD It's all lovely to look at, but becomes progressively wearisome.
BAD Dreams are easy to invent, and as easy to forget. The real challenge is to invent stories that have a stake in logic as well as truth.
GOOD A thwarted love story that does not trade in the degraded cliches either of romance or conventional sexiness.
FAIR There's a very thin line between amusingly quirky and just plain pretentious. I'd say this falls somewhere in the middle.
GOOD As the movie progresses, we're presented with one of the best portrayals of the innate awkwardness of first love I can ever remember seeing.
GOOD Beautifully directed, charmingly surreal and genuinely romantic, this is the perfect offbeat date movie and easily one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Mischievous and magical, Gondry's bizarro movie offers visual pearl after visual pearl but no string to tie them together. Ou est Kaufman?
GOOD It suffers occasionally from self-consciousness and over-indulgence in its own oddity, but Gondry's grasp of emotion and visuals is enchanting. Even if he seems several sandwiches short of a picnic.
GOOD Credit should be shared with the leads; together they're silly, giddy, irrepressibly inventive - a lot like the film itself.
FAIR I'm not sure I would have recommended it in the theater %u2013 where you're paying full ticket price and therefore expect a cohesive experience %u2013 but on DVD it's worth a look.
BAD Although it has its moments to delight the eye, in the end the movie is neither very cerebral nor very charming but more like weird and wayward.
FAIR Suffers from weak character development and mashed plot continuity, but offers a handfull of beautiful, fresh imagery to make up for it.
GOOD A sweet, charming, stylish movie that reflects well on the magnificent career of Michel Gondry
GOOD Un spectacle extravagant dont meme les quelques imperfections respirent la grandeur d'un cineaste qui se trouve toujours en pleine possession de ses moyens.
FAIR Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film, deriving humor and pathos from Stephane's difficulties with his waking life.
BAD Writer/director Michael Gondry bets his film that the viewer will be so engrossed in his characters and images, they will not mind having the rug pulled form under them time and again. He loses that bet.
GOOD The Science of Sleep, his latest effort, continues in the same singular direction as its predecessors; simultaneously confounding, fascinating and enchanting, the movie does not quite find the populist pulse that did its predecessor, but as the fir
FAIR As for Bernal and Gainsbourg, they sell their unconventional romance convincingly. And in support, French character actor Alain Chabat steals a couple of scenes as Stephane's piggish co-worker.
GOOD The most strikingly original film to hit movie screens this year -- or practically any other year for that matter.
BAD Maybe Gondry should have put more science in his fantasy of unrequited love, because little about it feels grounded in anything real ... Like most dreams, you're liable to forget about it in the morning.
FAIR Even the most experimental moviegoers, though, may wish for more of a story than what's provided.
FAIR I doubt any other movie of 2006 will inspire as many walkouts as The Science of Sleep, a declaration which in itself should function as a no-holds-barred recommendation for those seeking something unusual in their moviegoing diet.
GOOD If cinematic weirdness is your bread and butter, The Science of Sleep is a feast for the imagination and a triumph of creativity.
GOOD Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism; vivid bold and fearless, the seam of reality is present but you're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions, while taking an established artform to a different level.
FAIR As was famously said, we'll always have Paris. Very few, even the makers of Amelie, have Paris quite like Gondry.
FAIR Gondry fails to come up with a story to support his visual whimsy. But his flights of fancy are intriguing on their own, and his two lead actors captivate throughout.
BAD Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious.
FAIR The movie plays like an exhausted hallucination, disjointed and frustrating, much of it owing to the lack of chemistry Gondry allows between his stars.
GOOD The amount of tragedy delivered by this story would feel abusive if a lesser talent was at its center.
GOOD In a performance as raw and naked as I can recall seeing, Jeon navigates the ebbs and flows of Shin-ae's grief.
GOOD There is a natural tendency to appreciate movies that are neat and concise. "Secret Sunshine" makes a striking argument for the antithesis.
GOOD a wrenching, darkly comic and immersive work
GOOD Profoundly moving, intelligent and unflinching. It boasts a brave, emotionally devastating performance by Jeon Do-yeon.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of prose that is clear, elegant and lyrical.
FAIR [S]low portrait of damaged woman struggling against community expectations reveals universality [in] extraordinary Do-yeon who dramatically shifts gears again [and again].
FAIR It is unlikely you are going to see a more palpable portrayal of grief this year than Jeon Do-yeon's magnificent perfomance as Shin-ae in this Korean drama of the heart.
FAIR Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies.
GOOD There's more truth and wisdom in Secret Sunshine than I've seen at the movies in a long time.
GOOD A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow's journey into the far country of forgiveness.
FAIR Lee has a rare gift for depicting how the minor dissonance of everyday interactions eventually explodes into public displays of rage and despair.
GOOD This fourth film from Lee Chang-dong, one of the leading lights in the new South Korean cinema, begins as a young widow moves to the small town of Milyang, where her late husband was born and where she plans to work as a piano teacher.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
FAIR If you can get past the the pacing, the length, and the occasional melodrama, "The Joy Luck Club" rewards on two levels: as a look at Asian-American and Asian culture, and as a consideration of the dynamics that shape mother-daughter relationships.
GOOD Poignant tale of Chinese-American moms, daughters.
BAD ...not only fails to give the novel cinematic stature; it denigrates the delicate beauty of the book itself.
GOOD Well mounted adaptation of best seller.
GOOD Deserves every tear it wrenches from your eyes.
FAIR The pleasure of seeing an underrepresented group on-screen is undercut by the stereotyped approach to almost all involved.
GOOD Both sweeping and intimate, a lovely evocation of changing cultures and enduring family ties.
GOOD If you've ever had parents, then you can relate to this movie.
GOOD Loaded with heart, filled with life and completely entertaining.
FAIR There's no ignoring the fact that The Joy Luck Club is a moving work, both a contemporary and an eternal story about the interlinked boundaries between mothers and daughters.
GOOD I would recommend it to anybody who likes movies with real and vibrant people in them.
GOOD One of the most touching and moving of the year's films.
FAIR It's fascinating and satisfying the way the diverse threads are knitted together into a single tapestry.
BAD "Nesting" is a sitcom, but a really slow and dull one that barely grinds out 22 minutes' worth of plot to fill a 90-minute hole.
BAD Writer-director John Chuldenko stretches a sitcom episode premise to feature-length breaking point in "Nesting."
BAD "Nesting" takes an old idea and tosses in a few today-sounding phrases in hopes of coming up with a fresh-feeling movie. But that isn't enough.
BAD The way Nesting goes out of its way to tell us where it's set is symptomatic of the film in general.
GOOD Absolutely terrific, tight, and focused filmmaking.
GOOD "Secretary" recalibrates the capabilities of meaningful romantic comedy - a "Pygmalion" variation that's stealthily tender, witty but never broad and scintillatingly erotic to the point of palpitations. Gyllenhaal and Spader give career-best work.
FAIR A twisted and very funny rethinking of the romantic comedy genre. Great performances by Spader and Gyllenhaal.
BAD A comedy? A wake up call? I'm not sure.
GOOD A great feature film with enough laughs, weirdness, fine performances and filmmaking flair to earn it a place on most critics' top ten of the year lists.
GOOD A grande proeza do filme e mostrar que, para os personagens de Gyllenhaal e Spader, seus desvios de personalidade nao sao defeitos, mas um caminho diferente para a felicidade.
GOOD It has an integrity to the kinkiness of its theme that doesn't shake loose but you'll get more out of it if you bring your analyst along with you.
GOOD Secretary might be too hot to handle for prudes and fuddy-duddies. But then again, it's the kind of film they might enjoy the most.
GOOD A sly female empowerment movie, although not in a way anyone would expect.
BAD Secretary operates on a level devoid of any plausibility or satisfaction. It's cold, overly-calculated, tasteless and meaningless in nearly every way possible.
GOOD Provocative, funny and one of the more offbeat love stories you're ever going to see.
FAIR Contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays. Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way.
BAD Anybody remember Shannon Tweed?
BAD It's an interesting exploration of people finding and accepting themselves and then finding the puzzle piece that fits this new shape.
BAD Even as the stakes are raised in Secretary's sexual give and take, the movie retains its detached, private mood.
FAIR It does what good films do best; that is to provoke us, push our buttons, make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process.
FAIR Suspend your inclination toward the politically correct for a couple of hours and I bet you'll find yourself, as I did, rooting for these two loonies to live slappily ever after.
GOOD Even though Secretary goes down an uncomfortable road, it does so in a way that is refreshingly honest, intelligent, and eminently watchable.
GOOD For grownups only, this is a sort of...romance.
FAIR Gyllenhaal is so winsome, so self-possessed, so knowing in her innocence, that she makes bondage seem (pardon the pun) captivating.
FAIR The film itself may leave you with an odd, unsettled feeling, if not a really bad taste in your mouth.
BAD Ughhh! Can we please give the 50's a rest?
FAIR ...not every movie couple has to look like Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks.
GOOD It seems to be a case of everyone thinking that the subject matter is so very interesting and unusual that it's all the film needs. To some degree, that's true, but that mentality threatens to turn the into My Big Fat Spanking Wedding.
FAIR It is . . . undeniably absorbing, playing like a great book. As the film splays across the screen, you may find yourself anticipating each new page, err frame.
GOOD Unless there are whips, chains or a whole lot of black leather in your closet, "Secretary" is probably not an ideal date movie.
BAD The one thing that's consistently involving in Secretary is Maggie Gyllenhaal as the secretary.
FAIR Notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour, I'm going to recommend SECRETARY, based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal, and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
GOOD A funny and somehow touching treatment of sadomasochistic behavior at the workplace. Spader and Gyllenhaal are fantastic.
GOOD Movies Secretary Director: Steven Shainberg Starring: Lesley Ann Warren, James Spader, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeremy Davies (R, 104 min.) Secretary is a testament to the importance of tonality in telling a story.
GOOD Obviously, Secretary isn't for everyone. But if you're willing to take a chance, you might be surprised to find you've enjoyed it.
FAIR Equal opportunity exploitation.
FAIR Gyllenhaal's deep yearning buttresses the film's swiss-cheese argument that pain opens the door to real feeling, and that Lee and Edward are sharing a love that's right for them.
GOOD Despite its flaws, Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions.
FAIR Whether it shocks or disturbs or amuses, Secretary deserves applause for doing something most movies avoid these days.
BAD Brushing your teeth is more fun
BAD One of the reasons we don't miss Demi.
BAD Unfortunately happens to star Demi Moore.
BAD Sappy, insincere and really quite boring.
BAD The first half of the film is dreadfully contrived and artificial, from the uneven acting to the stereotype-filled script, to the aforementioned set and production design.
FAIR Repeat of first film lacks charm. Not for kids.
FAIR Frankly, I feel like a lot of the intangible 'heart' of the first movie is replaced here with an ongoing conversation about sex.
BAD Es casi imposible negar que se quedo muy por debajo de las expectativas.
BAD Se voce ouvir alguem dizendo que se identificou com Bridget Jones, meu conselho e: rompa a amizade. Voce nao vai querer perder seu tempo com alguem assim.
BAD A little Bridget unfortunately goes a long way.
FAIR Bridget is back, but the question is why?
FAIR The outrageous character Renee Zellweger has crafted is so dynamic and funny she's able to hold the sequel together.
BAD If Bridget Jones - a character incapable of learning from her mistakes - is a feminist role model, the movement's in for a setback.
BAD ...a desperate and disjointed farcical venture that feels terribly strained. There's no declarative spark or soulful snap to this dull romantic comedy
BAD Oscar winner Jim Broadbent turns up long enough to say, "I wish I was dead."
FAIR Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is not as good as the original - the Thai prison sequence makes certain of that - but it still works.
FAIR Although it is not quite as funny or believable as the first movie, the lovable Ms. Jones just squeaks by on her own (and her returning co-stars') charisma.
BAD the sequel gives us a heroine who acts like an idiot and then whines about the lack of men in her life.
FAIR A little too much like the movie version of a 'greatest hits' package -- only with the originals replaced by engaging but uninspired cover versions of all the songs.
FAIR Follow this fun from the streets of London to the slopes of the Alps and the shores of Thailand. Bridget will amaze and amuse you.
FAIR It's testament to Zellweger's likeability and skill that the film is still enjoyable, but it lacks the element of surprise.
BAD The sequel has about as much emotional depth as a sitcom, only without even the latter's meager laughs.
BAD [Zellweger's] never allowed to be quite as human, quite as pained. She's only allowed to be ridiculous.
FAIR This isn't a very good script. But Renee Zellweger is so charming, and so FUNNY, she makes the movie a joy.
BAD Use the money to go upgrade your original Bridget Jones DVD to the new swanky collector's edition (pick me up one, will you?) and save your money on this movie.
BAD ...le fric aussi a ses raisons que l'Age de raison n'ignore pas.
BAD With the exception of Zellweger, it's a film that has assembled its cast only for continuity of facial recognition and nothing so important as story, characters or emotion.
FAIR It may be worth a matinee for a gaggle of girlfriends, but guys should stay away and Helen Fielding, who created the character, should be ashaimed of herself.
GOOD Audiences will fall in love with Bridget Jones and Zellweger all over again.
BAD [I]t neither advances our understanding of the characters from the first film, nor does it make you especially eager to see a third entry in the series.
FAIR Despite the engaging core players, Bridget's second diary goes over the edge, leaving little reason for a third installment.
GOOD ...a superior sequel that accomplishes everything that one might've hoped...
GOOD A stone-cold masterpiece.
GOOD Charming, talky romance for older teens and adults.
GOOD As a romance streaked with regrets, obligations and fears, "Sunset" builds to a wistful, perfect conclusion - a fadeout infused with the idea that a memory's never finished as long as you're alive and one of the loveliest last-line exchanges of all time.
GOOD the film takes a miraculous healing turn at the end, and the characters rise above their ruefulness, and use it as a springboard into hope
GOOD Well acted, very well written, well told, and bears yet another ending that will keep audiences wondering.
GOOD Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy have reconvened to bring us this belated, yet very welcome sequel.
GOOD Before Sunset retains most of what was engaging about the first movie: it has its gentleness, its romanticism and, most importantly, its idealism. What it has lost is the sense of mystery.
GOOD A gemlike minimalist triumph -- deeper and more provocative than its predecessor.
FAIR However, between Delpy, Hawke, and Linklater, a script was born and once again the couple meets, this time in Paris, this time for far fewer hours (and in real time).
GOOD The dialogue captivates without ever feeling forced or cinematic...
GOOD The final 25 minutes of Before Sunset, starting with excruciatingly honest admissions from both parties in a car backseat, are the best filmmaking I've ever seen.
GOOD Una pelicula sobre la frustracion de crecer, sobre la constatacion de que la felicidad es un concepto extrano que se disfruta mucho mas como posibilidad que como meta.
FAIR I'm not sure if it's the actors or their conversation that makes the film appealing, maybe both, but it works in a sweet, thought-provoking way.
GOOD If you enjoy intelligent dialogue and believe in love, then you'll enjoy this film.
GOOD Here's an unusual sequel to an equally unusual film from nine years ago.
GOOD [a] charming, intelligent romance
GOOD O resultado e que este e, ao lado de Brilho Eterno de uma Mente Sem Lembrancas, um dos melhores filmes do ano. E, tambem como aquele, um dos mais romanticos.
GOOD Una experiencia de vida inigualable, una historia enriquecedora, un final inolvidable y perfecto. Magistral, una obra maestra.
BAD morally ambivalent about the importance of the family unit and personal responsibility...uninvolving dialogue, uninspired directing, deficient acting.
FAIR A lot of the prattle seems like the same-old half-absorbed guff that passes for profundity in so much of Linklater's work.
GOOD For all the talk, there's always something unspoken bubbling away in the space between these two ex-lovers...
GOOD Linklater's method, in an age when critics celebrate the egomania of M. Night Shyamalan and Quentin Tarantino, distinguishes him as Gen X's most literary director.
GOOD This is simply a wonderful piece of film-making.
GOOD Linklater gives his characters something we rarely get in real life: an opportunity to resolve the sense of loss and regret created by a blown chance at love and happiness.
GOOD Before Sunset may be the most unusual sequel this summer, but it's certainly the sweetest and one of the best.
GOOD What great chemistry! Again.
GOOD While it's not necessary to see Before Sunrise again, it's essential that you have seen it. [Get] the original, and then go see one of the best movies of the year...
GOOD For the movie's placid external nature hides a tumultuous emotional underside filled with recriminations, anger, hope, compassion and love.
GOOD A richer experience than the original.
GOOD The ex-lovers' new conversation is stimulating and banal, selfish and broad-minded, affectionate and recriminatory, insightful and obtuse -- in short, the kind of dialogue two people might have while pouring out their hearts and poring over their pasts.
GOOD A worthy sequel to Before Sunrise, this is a thoroughly engaging, well written film with perfect performances from Hawke and Delpy.
FAIR Jesse and Celine seem like real people, complete with flaws and weaknesses. That they become so fleshed out in such a brief running time is a testament to the script and Hawke and Delpy's acting abilities.
FAIR An intelligent, engagingly honest study of love lost and, just maybe, regained.
BAD D-Day: The Sixth of June is a sappy old love-story wrapped up as a macho guy flick, and the movie barely works as either.
FAIR Undoubtedly one of the most romantic movies of all time...
GOOD ...a bittersweet celebration of romantic frisson - the notion that our most precious moments of connection are often the fleeting ones.
GOOD Two strangers quickly fall in love, discuss big ideas.
GOOD The combination of optimism, tragedy, and the fuzzy warmth of new love is absolutely flawless.
GOOD the film asks us to consider the very nature and purpose of our existence in a fragmentary, superficial and transient universe.
GOOD Linklater hasn't just crafted a detached portrait of a unique couple: he's painting a masterful examination of human nature, of that relationship we all want, but too often sadly see slip away.
GOOD Acting tour de force that feels exceptionally real
GOOD Hawke and Delpy keep the tone not only afloat but mesmerizing. So natural are their performances that it seems impossible not to believe they truly are soulmates who are locked in a doomed, all-too-short affair.
GOOD Inspired by Godard's lyrical film-essays, Linklater revisits his unreleased debut (also set on a train), while paying tribute to Rohmer's cerebral moral fables. Though narrower in scope, this film is more mature and generous than previous efforts.
GOOD E como testemunhar duas pessoas se apaixonando uma pela outra em tempo real: algo simultaneamente magico, comovente e de partir o coracao.
FAIR While it's a bit awkward and self-indulgent, it also creates two extremely vivid characters and one of cinema's more believable romances.
GOOD One of the great screen romances.
FAIR Seemingly improvised and entirely natural but still structured and splendidly directed by writer Richard Linklater.
GOOD Passionate tale of lost and regained love.
FAIR Atmospheric but watery romantic melodrama
GOOD A funny, touching, sumptuous, and incredibly romantic ode to the joys of love and food.
FAIR Good food metaphors and solid romantic story.
GOOD "sensual and constantly surprising"
GOOD ...not since Tom Jones has food taken on such erotic meaning.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is an entertainment without a particular point of view.
FAIR Much as I admire Costner, it is the very qualities of honesty, honor and sincerity he projects so forcefully that encumber this Robin.
GOOD There's no subtlety in this Robin Hood, but subtlety isn't everything: Grit and obviousness have coarser charms, and the director makes much of these.
FAIR The fight sequences are explosive, the physical production is impressive, and the supporting performances are full of juice.
BAD No longer a study in swashbuckling bravura, it is a depressive political allegory in which wit is as rare as a ray of sun in the gray British sky.
FAIR With so much money and talent at work here, though, this latest incarnation of the legend is considerably smaller than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Costner is not a Robin Hood for the ages, but in this expensively mounted production, he'll do as a Robin Hood for the summer.
GOOD Buckles are truly swashed and derring-do effectively done in this 12th-century adventure, which simply sets out to entertain handsomely and does so with a great deal of dash, flash and panache.
FAIR In the end, and only just barely, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves delivers the goods, chiefly on the power of a thumpingly vibrant last 40 minutes and some excellent swordplay choreography.
GOOD It was good in 1991. It's still good now.
FAIR One of 1991's biggest hits, for reasons increasingly obscure. Costner and company struggle desperately to make the Robin Hood legend relevant to contemporary audiences.
BAD The popularity of over-scored, "let's hug" bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls.
FAIR The bones of the story are comfortingly familiar, the action is rollicking, and the metaphorical moustache-twirling of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham is priceless. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...the film is so broadly characterized by melodramatics and overacting, it made ripe pickings for Mel Brooks two years later with his parody.
FAIR If not for Rickman and Freeman, this would be nigh unwatchable.
FAIR It wasn't exactly an epic, but it was entertaining, and that's good enough.
BAD Laughably bad. No threat to Errol Flynn.
BAD The only redistribution of wealth engaged in by this Robin Hood occurs at the box office when you hand over your money for admission. What a large scale mess this is.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a murky, unfocused, violent and depressing version of the classic story, with little of the lightheartedness and romance we expect from Robin Hood.
FAIR A famous story made Hollywood compliant
FAIR Fraser is the sweet, goofy engine that drives this movie. The script doesn't do enough with his reactions to a world that bears little relation to the Cold War planet Adam has been told about, but Fraser still manages to suggest volumes.
BAD Garish and not funny enough, Wilson's shapeless satire plods on, squandering its nice premise and its appealing actors. Miraculously, Fraser has a force field around him and manages to radiate energy in this comic black hole.
BAD That's a relatively clever set-up for what's become a familiar genre: the time-displacement comedy, in which we get a kick out of viewing our era through another era's eyes. But this movie's eyes, Adam's, are awfully twinkly and not too focused.
BAD [A] bizarre hybrid of romantic comedy cliches and less-than-subtle social commentary.
FAIR Despite its original concept, the movie loses much of its socially satiric edge once Fraser emerges from his underground bunker and starts wooing Silverstone.
BAD Any movie with a rhyming title should be treated with suspicion. And Blast From The Past -- two films inconveniently rolled into one creaking rom-com -- is as bad as it gets.
FAIR This fresh idea delivers some scintillating humor.
FAIR It's pleasant enough, with Fraser's goofy charm particularly winning.
FAIR In Blast From the Past, Brendan Fraser certainly fits in the title role. He's a blast -- goofy, wide-eyed and romantic, continuing his impeccable streak of making OK movies (including this one) far more watchable than they should be.
FAIR Ultimately, this is a culture clash movie between two eras of American life. Without advocating a complete return to innocence, Blast From the Past is a gentle reminder of what Americans may have lost by growing so jaded.
FAIR Blast From the Past is no message movie, but it has a few good points to make, and does so with a gentle, observant wit.
BAD Fish-out-of-water comedy has some salty language.
FAIR The movie takes a few small belly-flops now and then but is quite enjoyable.
GOOD Fraser is full of charm and good-natured innocence, and he and Silverstone spark well together.
FAIR Blast From the Past serves up the kind of frothy fun that recalls the spirit of the classic screwball comedy -- and that, my friends, is a good thing.
FAIR A modestly fun little comedy.
FAIR Pleasantville seemed to say that such squeaky clean living is unnatural and unsustainable. Blast probably aims lower than its counterpart, but it came closer to its mark.
FAIR Walken and Spacek are quite hilarious... They give Blast From the Past just the right comedic push it needs, even if the movie as a whole never turns out to be anything better than satisfactory.
FAIR Although Fraser's performance is the thing on which Blast From the Past" hangs, there are many other good things to recommend it.
FAIR This is a movie of delayed payoffs. Spacek gets better as she gets wiggier after decades in the bunker.
FAIR Okay, it's funny. I even laughed out loud. More than once.
FAIR Walken's skill at warped humor isn't new, but Spacek is a revelation; her reactions and comic timing are all fabulous.
BAD Missed opportunity full of dubious messages.
BAD High school films don't have to be dull or juvenile; this one suffers tremendously from the former.
BAD ...the movie borders on cruelty to its audience.
BAD If you tried to be in the "in" crowd -- then this is going to be even more painful. In fact, even if you're in the "in" crowd, you'll find this painful.
BAD [I]t's hard to see any crying need to remake a film that was tacky the last time around, or to make this the black teen - excuse me, "urban" - film of the season.
BAD If you remake a mediocre movie, you get another mediocre movie.
BAD Rent the original instead.
BAD Another uninspired remake of a movie that was never crying out for revisitation in the first place.
BAD Here's another needless remake that's a shadow of the original.
BAD This hip-hop flavored remake of 1987's Can't Buy Me Love is woefully botched on every level.
BAD The African-American film community deserves better than a mediocre comedy pulled from the cinematic icebox.
BAD Love may not cost a thing, but this movie'll cost you the price of a ticket -- and more of your time than it's worth.
FAIR I found it cute. There are some rough spots, of course, but the movie has a lot of heart.
BAD Ah, true equality: not being held to a higher standard and, accordingly, producing the same kind of gender-blind garbage about which it appears useless to complain.
BAD it just ain't right
BAD Rotten to the core and misogynistic in the extreme.
BAD Wait until it gets on cable.
FAIR It has better values than the original, a little more poignancy, some sweetness.
BAD A movie as forgettable as the original.
BAD This awkwardly directed version takes way too long to get where we knew it was going the whole time.
BAD The blandly obvious story of high-school romance and the venal, materialistic, self-involved teens who inhabit its suburban California setting couldn't be less interesting.
BAD Clocking in at 105 minutes, Love Don't Cost a Thing drags for stretches.
BAD ...sometimes nostalgia should remain unexplored.
BAD Predictable hijinks ensue between the mismatched couple en route to the sappily romantic fade-out.
BAD A charmless, Afro-centric spin on Can't Buy Me Love.
BAD Where the original was slight but sweet, the remake is depressingly superficial and cynical.
BAD It involves stereotypical characters, amateurish filmmaking and a really shopworn story.
BAD As a romantic comedy, the movie misses an important transition: When exactly, during Alvin's transformation from loser to fatuous blowhard, does Paris fall for him?
BAD Generic but harmless comedy.
BAD This teen ugly-duckling comedy can't rise above the level of your average TV sitcom.
BAD It's still a simplistic teen morality play dressed in Sean John and spoken in hip-hop lingo.
BAD Flat and witless and moves at the speed of a mid-tempo ballad.
BAD For the most part, the characters and situations are stock and cliched.
BAD Love Don't Cost a Thing, an comedy inspired by the 1987 teen romance Can't Buy Me Love, demonstrates that things aren't always better the second time 'round.
FAIR It's a sweet story with its heart in the right place, and that's saying something for a teen movie these days.
BAD A sexed-up Afterschool Special pretty much guaranteed to render audiences comatose.
BAD So nondescript that its anonymity becomes its very personality.
GOOD ...the film ultimately earns a place for itself within the pantheon of effectively stirring romantic tearjerkers.
FAIR While it may be discerned as more a vehicle for the actors' reunion than a creative gem, the contributive factor to its attractiveness is the chemistry of the match.
FAIR Even if you are rooting for this film to succeed, you find yourself sitting through the tear-jerking part of the movie without feeling terribly wrapped up in it.
BAD Nights in Rodanthe is the cinematic equivalent of a Harlequin novel with a pack of tissues shoved into the back cover.
BAD The actors once again work well together, but they should have quit when they were ahead.
BAD Diane Lane and the Tuscan countryside prove to be a more dynamic duo than Diane Lane and the Outer Banks.
FAIR Bring tissues.
BAD I will say this about Nights in Rodanthe: spoken Nicholas Sparks is preferable to written Nicholas Sparks.
BAD A singularly unsuccessful look at mature love.
BAD You can make a good movie out of schmaltz. This isn't one of them.
FAIR You know,s ometimes a movie is worth it just because of its texture.
BAD The comparative savvy that Wolfe showed in HBO's stage-to-TV transfer of Lackawanna Blues has gone missing.
BAD Even though it is competently mounted, Nights in Rodanthe's unrestrained sentimentality will no doubt make many girlfriends swoon even as it makes their boyfriends squirm uncomfortably.
BAD Lane and Gear ensure that Nights in Rodanthe is never less than watchable, but it's scuppered by an overly sentimental script and fails to deliver the required emotional punch.
FAIR The word formulaic doesn't quite cover it, but our two leads just about hold their heads above a tidal surge of sappy plotting, contrived dialogue and choppy editing.
FAIR There is nothing new here - but taking the film on face value, everything that needs to be done right is spot on.
FAIR It ticks the right boxes to be a hit - the tear jerking aspect being key to the word of mouth - but it's a movie that rarely breaks out of it's average confines.
BAD Indoors, there is elegant if unconvincing emotional drama you can see coming from half a mile down the beach, with very little com to lighten the rom.
BAD As homespun as a crocheted teacosy; as folksy as an heirloom patchwork quilt and as manufactured as reproduction Shaker furniture - that's Nights in Rodanthe.
BAD Just about provides the goods as a romantic weepie but not the best Sparks adaptation.
BAD Broadway director George C Wolfe's inexperience with visual storytelling makes everything go with a clunk. Shame.
FAIR It's like The Bridges Of Madison County with more shouting, only not nearly as good. No surprises whatsoever, but nice scenery, attractive stars and another credible, affecting performance from Lane that hoiks it up an extra star.
FAIR Richard Gere's latest is the sort of weepy that gets shown on daytime TV in between the over-50s life insurance ads.
FAIR This is one of those unapologetic, tear-jerking romances. There's nothing really wrong with that, but it occasionally lays things on a little thick when it should have been holding back.
BAD Though the leads are attractive. the plot collapses under the weight of its ridiculous circumstances.
BAD This involving movie ultimately succumbs to a severe case of the weepies, as we know it must
FAIR A tad clunky and sappy and yes, even hokey. But, the picture still works. I was always engaged, I was always interested in what happened next, and I was always entertained.
FAIR A modern-day romance between two mature people.
FAIR Everything is painfully set up and contrived, while almost none of it seems even passingly real. In its favor, however, the movie looks good and the stars are appealing.
FAIR ...Lifetime Television with a Steven Spielberg budget.
FAIR Sure its soapy and saccharine but that is exactly what Nicholas Sparks' fans want
BAD Typical Sparks formula: difficult circumstances, unlikely love, delirious joy, gut-wrenching tragedy, and redemptive moral. Unfortunately, this film doesn't deliver the goods.
BAD Richard Gere and Diane Lane are swathed in so much cheese in Nights in Rodanthe, this weepy story should unfold in Wisconsin instead of a tiny strip of land off the coast of North Carolina.
BAD Another sappy soap opera for Nicholas Sparks fans satisfied by panoramic seascapes offset intermittently by lingering interludes of dysfunctional strangers locking lips and loins.
BAD perfectly calibrated to jerk tears with the precision of the atomic clock at the U.S. Naval Observatory, and with the irresistible insistence of an industrial grade milking machine
FAIR Despite stretches of credulity in the plot, the on-screen chemistry between Gere and Lane carries the movie.
FAIR An unbelievable premise, but sweet and romantic.
FAIR Touches the audience's heart without being sappy.
GOOD Driver and Duchovny shine in romance with heart.
GOOD Every time I see this it is better and better. Bonnie Hunt is an amazing writer.
FAIR Have a heart.
FAIR Heart-warming.
FAIR A charming romantic comedy tragically bogged down by the uncomfortable avoidance of its central plot point.
BAD The grisly weight of that central premise hangs over the proceedings like a bloody pinata.
BAD Why does the film have to be two hours? Does no one hire an editor anymore?
BAD Not a horrible movie, but not a good one either.
FAIR Predictable, sporadically engaging fable.
FAIR An entirely formulaic piece of comedy-melodrama with scarcely a moment of real drama and featuring repartee engaged in by codgers without a genuine dab of wit.
BAD While Return to Me plays out, you are not bored, but you also are not as satisfied as you could be.
FAIR Return to Me manages to disarm with its charm and delight with its bite.
FAIR Easily the most sane and encouraging romantic comedy since the far more polished, but equally expansive and ethnically flavored Moonstruck.
FAIR There is a satisfying, old-fashioned Moonstruck sensibility at work.
FAIR This PG-rated trifle is the perfect movie to take your parents to see without fear of embarrassment.
FAIR Old-fashioned as all get-out, Return to Me is swathed in an unabashed feel-good tone.
GOOD Intelligently co-written and ably directed.
FAIR writers have kids of their own.
GOOD A sweet love story, far more affecting than the average romantic drivel because it's so much less phony.
FAIR A sweetly amusing tale about the human heart.
GOOD The film reaches a point of high drama, for sure, but when Edith Piaf's voice rises over the final minutes, the gothic climax curls into a wicked grin.
FAIR ...there's little doubt that the film is occasionally just a little too uneventful for its own good.
GOOD Pawel Pawlikowski's open and poetic new film proves without a shadow of a doubt that his stunning Last Resort from 2000 was no fluke.
BAD One of those depressing, angst-and- lust-driven films the British do so well, or poorly, depending on your tolerance for this sort of thing.
FAIR A perfectly diverting, perfectly forgettable summer fling.
BAD any time the film deals with religion, it slips from introspection into near caricature
FAIR When compared with most of what passes for honest teen drama these days, My Summer of Love is a real reprieve.
FAIR My Summer of Love is one of those promising little gems that comes along and gets lost in the hype generated by Hollywood's flood of blockbusters.
GOOD Pawlikowski doesn't spend much time explaining his characters or telling us why they do what they do, and that's exactly why they remain so compelling.
FAIR As coming-of-age stories go, My Summer Of Love is far more provocative and mysterious than most.
GOOD It is a truly refreshing grown-up big-screen film.
GOOD Arguably the best film of the summer, perhaps even the year.
FAIR A portrait of adolescence at its most innocent -- and most resilient.
FAIR While the movie's young lovers happen to be female, this is not a story of forbidden fervor, but one that effectively captures the first flush of teenage infatuation and passion that will resonate with anyone, of any sex.
GOOD It is at once a beautiful work of artifice and a convincing reflection of life's messy ambiguities. Aesthetically contained, morally uncertain.
GOOD An exquisite exploration into the realms of seduction, obsession, deception and disillusionment.
FAIR My Summer of Love is less entertainment than it is a pleasant experience, but Pawlikowski's adept handling of his talented cast also gives it staying power.
GOOD conveys the desperation of a man whose redemption seems to be slipping away
FAIR You get multi-dimensional characters that are usually absent from summer movies.
FAIR It's all very mesmerizing, for them and us.
GOOD For those seeking just another cinematic girls only "bump 'n' grind" along the lines of Wild Things, perhaps a trashier film should be sought.
GOOD My Summer of Love had me at hello.
FAIR My Summer of Love is not a kiosk for lesbian love, either. It's the story of two needy, sexy girls willing to make confusion a way of life, for one tough summer.
GOOD My Summer of Love is willfully romantic -- and just as smart about the dangers in that.
GOOD That's what makes this such a strong coming-of-age story; we feel Mona evolving, but until the last few frames, we aren't sure what or who she's become.
FAIR My Summer of Love remains stubbornly stalled between 'artistic' lesbian hubba-hubba and such tougher fare as Peter Jackson's superior Heavenly Creatures.
FAIR Brilliantly evokes the sleepy, slightly unreal atmosphere of teenage summers that seem to stretch endlessly into the future.
FAIR Pawel Pawlikowski is helped by his young leads, who make a memorable impact in this unsettling romance.
FAIR Cute romantic comedy OK for most older kids.
FAIR Runs a half-hour too long, and it drags through its multiple endings. Runaway Bride has plenty of delights, just a few too many.
BAD Remember the romantic sparks between Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in Pretty Woman? In Runaway Bride it's more like a damp fizzle.
BAD Better than The Princess Diaries. And if that's not damning with faint praise then I don't know what is.
BAD A runaway bore!
BAD That charming thing only works if the story is good.
FAIR Julia Roberts es la unica razon por la que vale la pena verla
BAD Stuck on auto-pilot, and therefore, comes off as a tiresome excursion into terrain that has been covered too many times to count.
BAD Flawed and unpleasant!
FAIR While the hackneyed dialogue that swims throughout the entire film is flaw enough, the feel-good ending drowns the show thoroughly.
BAD After seeing Gere and Roberts play much smarter people, it is painful to see them dumbed down here.
BAD A clumsy motion picture that strives so hard for the perfect romantic ending that it triggers a gag reflex along the way.
FAIR Gere and Roberts evidence enough genuine chemistry on the screen to fill a dozen run-of-the-mill romances.
BAD Gere and an almost ethereally radiant Roberts have never been better than in this sometimes herky-jerky breeze, which keeps improving as it goes.
GOOD A picture-perfect summer romance!
GOOD It's a sure bet.
FAIR The well-matched stars pick up where they left off on that Hollywood fire escape nine years ago.
GOOD Funny, but not a light comedy for youngsters.
FAIR The greatest pleasures come from the acting.
FAIR The movie's too long, and the direction is sometimes slack -- but the script is crammed with withering ripostes, ably delivered by Nicholson and Hunt.
GOOD Not only one of the best romantic comedies of the year, but one of the best films in ages.
BAD An inflated TV show by a sitcom creator.
FAIR The character is written as the most unlikable person one could ever meet. Despite this fact, Jack manages to make the character sympathetic.
GOOD Like Broadcast News, James L. Brooks' new film is a dark-edged adult comedy that hits the spot for those who like their romances splashed with acidic wit.
FAIR Even the familiar scenes and situations look refreshing.
GOOD Humorous, romantic, personal.
GOOD An honest, original comedy about recognizable human beings.
GOOD This is Jack at his best, the kind of role that makes him a star. He gets to bear his teeth, take control of a room, and be devilishly cuddly at the same time.
GOOD Nicholson is so darn good!
GOOD 'Melhor E Impossivel' e muito mais do que um roteiro bem-escrito. Este e um filme que se apoia totalmente nas interpretacoes de seus atores principais.
FAIR Romance comedies definitely come better than this, although perhaps not lately.
GOOD Brooks is fortunate to have Nicholson in the lead, because it is by his natural charm and smirking wit that his character gets away with everything he does.
GOOD It's a mark of how magically written, directed and acted As Good as It Gets is that we end up loving this film despite knowing how haphazard, scattershot and almost indefinable its charm is.
GOOD A black but realistic comedy about life and how it sucks and also how impossible it is to fall in love with someone sane, but still it's no excuse for not enjoying yourself.
BAD There's not a whole lot of story here to prop up the constant emotional yanking.
FAIR This movie was a nice try.
FAIR As Good As It Gets is decent, if not vintage, James L. Brooks, made all the more palatable by that man Jack Nicholson.
GOOD One of the funniest movies I've seen all year.
GOOD The story isn't especially interesting, but the way it's performed is marvellous.
GOOD You'll be reminded of why Nicholson became one of the biggest stars of his generation.
FAIR It's funny but fitful.
FAIR By the time we leave the theater, the warmth of love has melted the coldest heart.
GOOD How [Brooks] emerged an abler artist is worth puzzling over; I suspect it has something to do with sheer instinct triumphing over industry machinery.
GOOD Depicts a very specific mental state too shaded and delicate for most movies to feel comfortable approaching it.
GOOD Excellent but mature film about finding a connection.
GOOD An excellent top notch gem with beautiful direction courtesy of Sofia Coppola...
FAIR Transcends its initial culture clash comic riffs to evolve into something altogether more moving by the end. As a result, it's a work of considerable power and pathos.
GOOD Working this time with her own story, Coppola lets it relax and breathe, devoting herself to moods and moments.
GOOD This is another step in Mr. Murray's career and one that hopefully gets him the recognition he deserves.
GOOD Alternately laugh-out-loud silly and profoundly moving, kudos to Sofia Coppola for managing to capture an undeniable chemistry between Murray and his 18 year-old co-star, despite a certain asexuality.
GOOD Perfectly acted. Immeasurably funny. A great second outing for director Sofia Coppola.
GOOD From the casting choices to the soul-soothing musical score to glimpses into Japanese visual culture, it's obvious that Sofia pays careful attention that each element of the film stands strong alone, but can also contribute to the whole.
GOOD Like so many things made in Japan, Sofia Coppola's new film is smaller and less costly than its standard American counterpart while at the same time superior in most important respects.
GOOD A magnificent picture because it specifically goes out of its way to avoid the cliches and elements would usually expect to see when watching this kind of boy meets girl movie.
GOOD This is an exquisite movie on every possible level, from the script and direction to the performances to the cinematography.
FAIR If you've got patience, you might enjoy it, but this is S-L-O-W.
GOOD By far, one of the best films of the year.
GOOD As in Rushmore...kindness is the underlying trait of Murray's character.
GOOD The movie should have been a masterpiece of mood and character, and it almost is, revolving as it does around two wonderful performances.
GOOD Lost in Translation will bring in the new wave of young filmmakers who realise the power of emotion and introspection and the audience thinking for themselves.
GOOD Murray has been singing songs to us ever since his old days on Saturday Night Live, but never like this.
GOOD 'Una cinta tierna, emotiva, estupendamente bien actuada y agradablemente honesta. Uno de los mejores filmes del ano, sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD El detalle del susurro pasara a la historia como uno de los elementos narrativos mas hermosos que se han filmado jamas...
GOOD Ms. Coppola is well on her way to becoming a talent in her own right, and Lost in Translation is a great next step in that journey.
GOOD ... A brilliant meditation on loneliness and life itself ...
BAD ...director Sofia Coppola does a laudable - but ultimately unsatisfying - job of presenting a ships-that-pass-in-the-night scenario...
GOOD Coppola somehow gets to the essence of human wanting with an amazing efficiency of style.
GOOD Despite momentary lags in taste, Coppola's film is funny and sweet, while Murray and Johannson are, in turn, sublime and affecting.
GOOD Coppola reigns in Murray's usual sarcastic schtick and as a result he delivers a truly wonderful performance that is warm, understated and charming.
GOOD Quiet, solemn, and introspective, Lost in Translation conveys so much emotion with so few words.
