FAIR The bar has been set so low in mainstream Hollywood movies that it's not even worth seriously analyzing this stuff
FAIR This one had the most potential, and in that way it is the most disappointing.
FAIR A fitting capstone on a collection of screen classics for the ages!
FAIR The only one of the trilogy that actually works as both a good Summer movie and a solid sci-fi movie in its own right.
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD For me, Sith succeeds in providing a satisfying ending to the films while also closing a chapter of my own life.
GOOD It did what I thought was impossible after the previous two films: it made me a Star Wars fan again.
GOOD A great Star Wars film and, dare I say, a great film onto itself.
BAD As blockbusters go, Revenge of the Sith has some good throwaway entertainment, but there have been better blockbusters with better throwaway entertainment.
FAIR The best thing about Episode III? Jar Jar Binks is barely in it.
BAD Although the stiff theatrics are part of the design, they're no longer excusable.
GOOD What makes this movie work is watching Anakin Skywalker break our hearts, and ultimately serve as a textbook example of how the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
GOOD In years to come George Lucas's farewell to his STAR WARS series may be considered his finest entry.
FAIR Against all odds, the movie becomes more than the sum of its creaky parts, building enough emotional firepower to destroy an entire hard-bitten cynic such as myself.
GOOD This is the film we yearned for as we sat passively through the shoddy merchandise-oriented Phantom Menace and the dull romantic scenes of Attack of the Clones.
GOOD For the 6th time in a row, George Lucas has done it again.
FAIR Why are blinds wipes and Fisher-Price spaceship interiors employed in a 2005 film?
FAIR Star Wars was a gamble in 1977. In 2005 Revenge of the Sith is the Empire.
GOOD Prepare to be blown away because George Lucas&#146;'s latest space opera is an absolute belter, recalling the old magic of The Empire Strikes Back and banishing forever painful memories of the last two Star Wars prequels.
GOOD Episode III hooks up to its sequel of 1977 as neatly as a space station landing dock.
FAIR Veering from moments of breathtakingly visualized valor to outright stupidity, Sith is a vast improvement over the previous two outings, but still and all, it's no Star Wars.
GOOD I am pleased to report that George Lucas has found his way back from the Dark Side.
FAIR As popcorn entertainment, strapping in for Star Wars: Episode III is like hooking up with an old friend. Half the enjoyment is simply the idea of the reunion itself.
FAIR As with the last two Star Wars movies, Revenge of the Sith is a visual spectacle, trotting out the best special effects Industrial Light and Magic has to offer.
GOOD ...at once a work of closure and of sustenance.
GOOD To Star Wars fans everywhere, a celebration of galactic proportions.
FAIR ...the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...
FAIR So boxed in by having to tie everything into a neat parcel that it feels constrained and is woefully lacking in surprises and dramatic tension.
FAIR Spectacular ... but it never really lifts you up into a new imaginative realm -- it never takes you away. It just keeps blazing at you.
FAIR It's not to say there's not a lot wrong with the film, but rather to suggest that the chief criticisms of it being strange and "a mess" aren't among them.
FAIR An often fascinating mess, but a mess all the same.
BAD There's the obese Brando pretending to be God while dressed in gauzy white robes like a demented pope
GOOD Amazingly, Kilmer delivers an odder performance than Brando. Creepy retelling.
BAD In its final third, the movie goes to hell in more ways than Frankenheimer intended.
FAIR The most exciting characters are killed off too early, and what we're left with is a Satan's "Seasme Street."
BAD I'm sure it looked good on paper. That and Kilmer's frighteningly apt mimicry of Brando's voice are about the only positive things I can say.
BAD The movie keeps switching focus without ever getting its bearings, and when Brando exits earlier than expected, there's little but mayhem to fall back on.
GOOD Uneven; definitely has its moments.
BAD Things are so cheap they didn't even spring for uniforms for the so-called cops; everybody seems to be wearing their street clothes.
FAIR The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
FAIR Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
FAIR Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
FAIR Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
BAD Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
FAIR Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
BAD A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
BAD While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
FAIR 'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now. The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp. It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
FAIR Not the Boys Own Adventure it could have been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
BAD No amount of gee-whiz techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't blame us if you end up saddle sore.
FAIR Uma diversao eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua otima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos nao a desperdicou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
BAD The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
GOOD I don't think too many people are going to wander into the theater expecting The Tree of Life. The film delivers exactly what it promises.
BAD So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs. Aliens... With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
BAD The cowboys: great. The aliens: not so much. There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
BAD A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
BAD Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
FAIR There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
FAIR There's no doubt seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship is all kinds of awesome.
FAIR I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens. For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
BAD The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly. Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
FAIR If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
FAIR Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no great flair; whenever the plot backs itself into a corner something else will make a sudden, inexplicable interruption.
GOOD A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
BAD This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
BAD Why has there never been a film about cowboys beating up extra-terrestrials? This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
BAD Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
BAD The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
FAIR The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
FAIR For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
BAD Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny. But it doesn't make this silly endeavour worthwhile.
BAD The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
BAD Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't be reduced to spitting out lines like "Demons took your gold" in a husky Southern drawl.
FAIR Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on cliches and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't wild enough conceptually.
BAD Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
BAD What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
FAIR Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't have gone amiss.
GOOD The movie a man named 'Woody' was born to direct!
BAD Really dated, but clever concept.
GOOD This should be a hit-and-miss effort, but it's mostly hits.
FAIR Funny the first time. Multiple viewings offer nothing.
GOOD Its ability to jump around vignette-style allows Allen to generously spread his hilarious schtick to a broad number of subjects without fear of dilution. One of Allen's unsung classics.
GOOD Sperm can be fun!
GOOD John Carradine as the mad scientist! Gene Wilder and the ewe! Tasteless, but funny; the sperm sequence is priceless.
FAIR Too uneven to be good. Too good to ignore
GOOD One of Woody's slightest efforts, to be sure, but it still delivers a healthy batch of laughs.
BAD Laughable exploitation film results in a complete waste of time and talent.
BAD One of those movies that's a nailbiter for a little kid, but laughable when revisted as an adult.
BAD The movie swarmed into local theaters yesterday; unfortunately, the insects and the people in this melange of ersatz science-fiction and dull adventure deserve one another.
BAD Teaming Collins with ants is pure Bert I. Gordon.
BAD We interrupt this soap opera to bring you... a monster movie!
BAD Bring on the DDT. A silly giant-bug opus with cheap special effects.
BAD What's scarier: ants or Bert I. Gordon movies?
BAD If you find it when you are flipping through channels at three in the morning, turn it off and try to get some sleep.
GOOD full of plausible evolutions of current technology with a believable if not pleasant feel for how these changes will fit into our world.
GOOD what you'll be left with after seeing Sleep Dealer is not a collection of cool scenes so much as a collection of compelling questions about where our world is headed
BAD Sleep Dealer is flawed, but still vibrant and inventive. Whether he finds larger budgets or keeps doing movie like this, Rivera is definitely a filmmaker to follow.
FAIR Alex Rivera's overstuffed but intriguing feature debut, Sleep Dealer, takes a speculative leap into Tijuana's near future, imagining the next evolution of cheap labor.
FAIR Clearly, Rivera knows one of the great gifts of the sci-fi genre. An uncanny world invites new ways of seeing. It offers new chances to ask the hard -- and too often, hardened -- questions.
FAIR The combination of rusty amateurism, future technology, and clear-and-present politics creates a trippy time-space kick: This dusty little movie feels like yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
GOOD Adventurous, ambitious and ingeniously futuristic, Sleep Dealer is a welcome surprise.
GOOD Sleep Dealer is an unusually thoughtful science fiction film, using the speculative energy of the genre to explore some troubling and complex contemporary issues.
BAD A jumbled vision ... too many predictable lines like, 'Sometimes you control the machine, and sometimes the machine controls you.'
FAIR Modest sci-fi entry out of Mexico %u2013 about the ultimate offshore labor force - shows impressive vision but lacks the story to keep it going.
FAIR Demonstrates the difficulties that result from leaving home to find work, but in classic B-movie fashion it has a lot of fun with it too:
FAIR Former actor Don Taylor directs smoothly and efficiently and elicits fine performances from the cast.
FAIR Passable entertainment, but it's no fun watching the likable, witty Cornelius and Zira become hairy martyrs.
FAIR the film is a highly satisfying mix of satire and suspense
FAIR One of the better new movies in town, and better in a genre -- science-fiction -- that at the crucial middle level where the history of movies is made, if not written, has recently been not so much bad as invisible.
FAIR The last of the "Ape" sequels that's worth watching.
FAIR Possibly the least of the series, but certainly not a predictable sequel.
GOOD Oneof the best of the bunch!
BAD feels like a quickie insert that is needed to progress the larger narrative, but doesn't have enough meat on it to deserve its own film
FAIR Brings just enough of a twist to the series' conventions.
FAIR The best of the all of the sequels.
FAIR It works fairly well as the central movie of the franchise but will have little to offer non-devotees.
FAIR Regarded by some as the best of the Planet of the Apes sequels, maybe even on a par with the 1968 Charlton Heston original itself, this third Apes movie breathes fresh air into [the] series.
FAIR Gory, scary, violent sci-fi is too intense for kids.
FAIR ...boasts a tongue-in-cheek, downright campy sensibility that ultimately pervades every aspect of the proceedings.
GOOD Insanely subversive...functions as a visually dazzling science-fiction action picture, a philosophical challenge, and a hilarious, incisive comedy. [Blu-Ray]
GOOD Paul Verhoeven's satiric, 1997, sci-fi, war-movie romance is admittedly an acquired taste.
FAIR Utter stupidities and other scientific impossibilities litter the script like trooper body parts . . . [yet] the film does something right
BAD What galls me is the film's marketing, moral and ideological cynicism.
FAIR Cut Paul Verhoeven some slack!
BAD Lacking the sophistication of the average comic book, it compensates with panoramic attack sequences, reminiscent of the Japanese swarm attacks in American war movies.
FAIR Repulsively thrilling and often downright hilarious.
FAIR A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to be astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.
BAD It's a cynical wasteland from beginning to end.
BAD A nonstop splatterfest so devoid of taste and logic that it makes even the most brainless summer blockbusters look intelligent.
BAD The enjoyment you get from watching Starship Troopers is similar to the pleasure felt from a loud 'ZAP' from a bug zapper. And about as deep.
BAD This flick wallows in just about every moth-ridden cliche known to the film industry and relies almost entirely on naked teenage girls and recycled special effects for what it deems excitement.
FAIR Not the return to form for Verhoeven many have called it -- in the end, it is just a step in the right direction.
BAD In the hands of Verhoeven, the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale.
BAD Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen. But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't quite make it.
BAD The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless.
FAIR It's a sci-fi gorefest, and a fun one at that.
GOOD The battle scenes are phenomenal, both for the realistic and clever special effects and for the humor.
GOOD Intellectually, I can't really condone that message, but I have to admit that this will be a guilty pleasure of mine for years to come.
GOOD It is pure Verhoeven -- broad, brash and ultraviolent, and all up there on the screen.
FAIR Enjoyable despite the little redemption it offers humankind, Troopers fits every Hollywood convention while simultaneously breaking each one.
FAIR May just be the bug movie to end all bug movies.
GOOD Terrific entertainment.
BAD As written by Ed Neumeier, who also wrote Verhoeven's much tighter Robocop, Starship Troopers never gets over its 180-degree swivel from teen-age love story to murderous destruction.
FAIR As a brainless bubblegum movie, it's an exhilarating adrenaline rush.
FAIR Just enjoy the fun of watching Neil Patrick Harris in his audition for Apt Pupil and roll with it, baby.
FAIR This is powerful entertainment that appeals to our most basic instincts.
GOOD Manages to be both fun and shocking -- sometimes in the same shot.
GOOD Director Paul Verhoeven is back in his subversively nimble RoboCop groove with the uproariously cheeky Starship Troopers.
FAIR Flawed but fun.
GOOD Shrug however you might at a story that has to pack so many characters and tangents into 140 minutes; it will still be difficult for me to see beyond the joyous awesomeness.
GOOD It's little surprise this is largely a terrifically enjoyable experience -- one that'll please both fanboys and the public at large.
FAIR Of course it's about one hundred times brighter than Transformers and Michael Bay's imbecilic spinoffs, and should keep multiplexes everywhere in its competent grip. But I didn't love it.
GOOD Smart, witty, funny, action-packed and surprisingly cathartic.
FAIR The bigger and goofier it gets, the more fun it becomes.
FAIR A fun light-hearted summer blockbuster that is weighed down by a forgettable villain.
FAIR Fast-paced superhero series sequel will be fun for fans.
FAIR Whedon must balance the competing storylines and screen time of the actors. He does it nicely, injecting humour and a touch of drama into the action -- and all without so much as a Tesseract to his name. Some assembly required, and delivered.
GOOD Whedon has delivered that rare action-packed, special-effects spectacle that is relentless in its eagerness to please and successful beyond its goal.
GOOD It's Summer's Mightiest Movie. Nuff said.
GOOD Was Marvel's ambitious dream for a shared cinematic universe truly worth it? In my opinion: Most definitely.
GOOD The Avengers is one of the best superheroes movies in a long time and is likely to become a classic of the genre. You would need to really hate comic book movies not to get a kick out of this.
GOOD The Star Wars of a new generation.
GOOD "Marvel's The Avengers" is a visual comic book and it doesn't aspire to be anything more than that. As a film version it succeeds-one is tempted to say-MIGHTILY.
FAIR It really is quite something that [Whedon] was able to take so many characters and put them into a movie where nobody gets left behind.
GOOD It really is an astounding achievement - a film that juggles an unenviable number of elements; combining what we've seen before, slotting them together and then adding enough depth, action and humour to make this a remarkable standalone film.
FAIR Marvel's "The Avengers" is the super-hero movie to end all super-hero movies. Why? Joss Whedon.
FAIR After years of buildup and prequels, "The Avengers" is merely average.
GOOD The first great superhero team movie, and a film that captures the essence of what makes the Marvel Universe great.
FAIR While it reflects a movie culture that has traded originality for scale - one wonders if there's a shred of originality anywhere in the film - The Avengers is grand, throwaway fun.
GOOD Yeah, it's all that. A tent-pole cash cow for the studio, a dream come true for fans, and treat for action aficionados, 'The Avengers' comes at you as the first true "summer movie spectacular" of the 2012 season.
BAD The overlong, stale experience barely raises a fast pulse, as the movie quickly stumbles into a standard film structure and doesn't even try to break free.
GOOD The culmination of four distinct franchises is an exciting and entertaining product.
GOOD Whedon's clear fanboy glee is irresistibly contagious to the audience, whether the heroes and villains go at it with fisticuffs or sharp, witty dialogue.
BAD By the time the utterly routine (and decidedly endless) finale rolls around, Marvel's The Avengers has unquestionably squandered the potential of its premise and its cast...
GOOD Delivers big time with everything longtime fans and newcomers alike could possibly want in a summer blockbuster that definitely surpasses the hype.
GOOD ... tremendous fun ...
GOOD Seventy-five years on, it hasn't dated in the slightest.
GOOD The central themes of illusions, dreams and going on an extraordinary adventure all the better to come home and appreciate what you have there are enduring.
GOOD One of Hollywood's quintessential productions, this musical adaptation of L Frank Baum's classic fable is probably the most beloved fantasy film of all time and the ultimate family picture.
GOOD This family classic long ago left the realm of being mere entertainment to emerge as a cultural touchstone for generations of Americans.
GOOD The Wizard of Oz is the cinematic equivalent of high-end wine, in that it gets better with age. The difference is that while wine must remain unopened to increase in value, the film positively thrives on it being tasted and shared over and over and over.
GOOD MGM's fantastic IMAX 3D conversion for the The Wizard of Oz's 75th anniversary underlines rather than obscures most of the film's visual pleasures, reminding us (if we'd managed to forget) just how glorious L. Frank Baum's strange world is.
GOOD The blend of old-fashioned, classic storytelling with cutting-edge technology is undeniably enthralling.
GOOD Hey, Dorothy actually has freckles in IMAX. Glinda's floating sphere is mesmerizing. The flying monkeys are creepier than ever. The Lollipop Guild even more disturbing - are these guys having a seizure?
GOOD Any reason to show your children "The Wizard of Oz" on a big screen seems like a good one.
GOOD The best thing about 3D glasses is that they keep your kids from seeing your tears of sentimental joy at this gorgeous restoration
GOOD This phantasmagorical fantasy really does represent old-school MGM filmmaking at its best.
GOOD It is one of the greatest movies ever made, and even today it stands the test of time as a quality family flick.
GOOD Even decades later, one of the best family films ever made.
GOOD A head trip of a family film.
GOOD The moment Judy Garland starts singing in that barnyard, we're all six years old again, with nothing left to do but join her.
GOOD It's more than a movie; it's an American rite of passage. [Blu-ray]
GOOD If through some incredible chance you haven't [seen it], all I can say is: do so immediately. Make this the very next movie you watch. Literally.
GOOD One of only a handful of films that nearly everyone is familiar with.
GOOD The songs and magic are still fresh, even if it isn't quite knowing enough, perhaps, for today's young audiences.
GOOD The greatest children's movie of all time. Probably.
GOOD This 3D remastering of the original, on a giant Imax screen to boot, brings a whole new sense of wonder to Dorothy's yellow-brick road movie.
GOOD I'll see you on the dark side of the moon...and your little dog, too!
FAIR On its own merits, has some very fine cinematic flourishes... if we can but manage the herculean feat of separating it from the older movie.
BAD 1985 sequel to American classic is tin-eared and creepy.
FAIR Best to see them as individual films with nothing in common apart from source material, one a classic, the other a strong enough picaresque amongst some decent fabulation.
FAIR There are some fine, Oscar-nominated special effects, but the excitement just isn't there.
GOOD A forgotten classic.
FAIR I can see why the Judy Garland fans might not appreciate this weird little adaptation, but it's actually pretty good!
BAD Director Walter Murch tries to infuse the story with the inventiveness and adventure of the Star Wars saga, but the results are disappointing.
GOOD Faithfully brings the Oz books to life. A classic.
BAD The work of ingenious technicians who seem either not to know what gave the original film its magic, or not to care.
FAIR Return to Oz is hardly as kid-friendly as The Wizard of Oz, but older children with a taste for the fantastic will find it interesting. Adult Oz fans will find it entertaining as well.
BAD Should've stuck to that yellow brick road
FAIR An underrated little romp, surprisingly faithful to L. Frank Baum's atmosphere... though obviously it's all overshadowed by that other Oz flick.
FAIR Unnecessary sequel is nonetheless entertaining; Roddy Mcdowall back in simian shape.
BAD Aside from Severn Darden, who relishes his lip-smacking heavy character, the cast seems disinterested; even series stalwart Roddy McDowall looks bored.
GOOD An okay finale.
GOOD surprisingly entertaining
BAD Battle looks like the last gap of a dying series, a movie made simply to wring the dollars out of any remaining ape fans.
BAD The bluntest, cheapest and worst of the 'Apes' movies.
GOOD Schmaltzy doesn't get much better...
BAD The battle was lost several movies earlier.
FAIR Fans will enjoy it, but the "Apes" gang could have done a little better. Not surprisingly, this was the fifth and last installment. (Unless you count the TV show...)
BAD At least it is only 83 minutes long.
BAD The Planet of the Apes series started well, and gradually decreased in budget and quality. By Battle the budget is all but gone, and all the believability and excitement has gone with it.
FAIR The only film in the series to end on a positive note.
BAD [For] completists only and definitely counts as the worst in the entire series.
GOOD A polarizing, but classic piece of children's entertainment filled with whimsy, horror, comedy and imagination.
GOOD This is Gene Wilder's legacy. He was perfect for the role, and it was his mixture of childlike wonder and bitter, deserved vengeance that made the character so compelling.
GOOD Pure, sweet imagination for both kids and adults.
BAD The passages in the mysterious factory, which should be Charlie's and our release from the oppression of the earlier scenes, are just as ugly as everything that's come before, so there's no contrast.
GOOD ...filled with good humor, good acting, and good songs...and it's just off kilter enough to keep everyone's attention.
GOOD Ainda que um ou outro numero musical comprometa o ritmo, o clima de fantasia e a atuacao calorosa de Wilder conquistam o espectador.
GOOD The movie bursts with creativity, deep thought and comedy.
GOOD Probably Gene Wilder's finest, most manic hour.
GOOD Weird and wonderful
GOOD Just a frolicking Wonka visionary schnozberry flavored delight!
FAIR It has a huge following, though I've never understood why.
FAIR If "creepy" can be an asset, then this is the best kind of creepy you'll ever find.
GOOD A timeless family film that will continue to endure as long as people love chocolate.
GOOD The original feel good film from 1971, is back in a special new DVD edition for its thirtieth anniversary with some great special features.
GOOD Brings joy to adult and child alike.
FAIR The zany factory's imaginative gimmicks, and that vivid color scheme, will keep even the youngest kids alert.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as it could have been...it at least knows that it's cheesy, which makes it more fun.
BAD It's not really clear why this movie was necessary %u2013 it does not reinvent the 50's movie so much as do a highly faithful cover version of it. (Gus Van Sandy's shot-for-shot remake of Psycho is a similar pointless academic exercise.)
FAIR ...gently wacky. Although breezy and sketchy on the easy laughs at times, Alien Trespass does promise to entertain for the sole purpose of its campy off-kilter makeup.
FAIR If the film succeeds perfectly in its aim, to recreate exactly a genre of films noted for how shoddy and boring they were, is it then fair to complain when the film is itself boring?
BAD Alien Trespass won't let our knowledge of the stereotypes it incorporates do the work and make the critique.
FAIR If you're willing to check your brain at the door and to suspend a lot of your disbelief, Alien Trespass manages to be a delightfully zany and campy satire best experienced at midnight with a group of friends.
FAIR A true love letter to genre days gone by, Alien Trespass delivers on its promise to bring back a slice of the good old days to horror cinema.
FAIR While it never rises to the level of Galaxy Quest, my gold standard for funny sci-fi films, Alien Trespass consistently delights and amuses.
BAD Retro-style sci-fi action spoof tries hard but doesn't work.
FAIR A highly entertaining retro Sci-fi blast from the past that is loads of fun, an endearing tribute to all those bad movies we just loved.
BAD ... once those warm, fuzzy feelings of nostalgia start to wear off, all you are left with is a tedious movie that is full of wooden performances, campy dialogue, cheesy and outdated special effects, eerie music and space beings in rubber suits.
BAD This lazy effort gets points only for truly loving -- perhaps to a fault -- the cheapo creature flicks of the 1950s.
BAD Alien Trespass, with a rating notice that mentions 'brief historical smoking,' is at least better than last year's official remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
BAD It's a satire without laughs, a parody without punch lines, a careful copy that replicates everything except the original's life.
FAIR How much you enjoy this strange picture depends on two things: Your appreciation of the genre that is being feted here, and the enthusiasm of the audience that you view it with.
FAIR Alien Trespass is an intriguing experiment, and I admire its craftsmanship.
BAD If you're not going to have fun with such a silly cinematic subgenre, what's the point in resurrecting it? Or, from the more pertinent audience point of view, in seeing it?
BAD A charmingly sentimental but ultimately pointless homage to the sci-fi classics of yesteryear.
BAD Fun at first, the movie quickly wears thin. Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery, but if that's your choice, you better be sure the thing you're imitating is worthy of it.
BAD While Alien Trespass stays true to the era and the genre, it forgets that its mission in this galaxy is not merely to pay tribute but to entertain.
BAD Alien Trespass, which opens Friday on the heels of the witty Monsters vs. Aliens, feels like an also-ran.
BAD Bewildered? You won't be alone.
BAD Alien Trespass, an affectionate tribute to flying saucer movies, treats the cliches of drive-in sci-fi with touching naivete. So why isn't it more fun?
BAD To see how Alien Trespass might have been done, rent The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra with its puppet monster on visible strings, its dime-store sets and its dreadful artificial dialogue.
FAIR Alien Trespass could be the latest bulletin from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 except that we're the silhouetted heads and the filmmakers are sitting right there next to us.
FAIR At a certain point you find yourself thinking, why not watch the real It Came From Outer Space, instead of this mildly amusing replica?
BAD A pale imitation of a drive-in movie, with nothing silly or sloppy enough to qualify as camp.
BAD Slackers meet Satan in not-quite-so-excellent adventure.
BAD Mostly disappointing results.
GOOD Has there ever been a more perfect role for Keanu Reeves than floppy-haired, dim-brained high school slacker Ted "Theodore" Logan?
BAD ...the various elements that made Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure such an unexpected delight are almost entirely absent here.
GOOD awash in weird humor and outlandish gags
FAIR A riot of visual invention and weird humor that works on its chosen sub-moronic level, and on several others as well...
FAIR strained but goofy fun
FAIR Its best moments make up for its more mediocre ones.
GOOD More mindless airhead time-traveling fun. The hilarious William Sadler gives the best portrayal of Death since Bengt Ekerot in THE SEVENTH SEAL.
GOOD EXCELLENT! (But not quite as EXCELLENT! as the first.)
FAIR Worth seeing if only for the scene in which Bill & Ted play 'Battleship' with Death.
FAIR Diverting nonsense
FAIR Doesn't eclipse the original, but the dorky charm is still there ... plus it's got William Sadler's immortal turn as Death.
GOOD One of the most worthwhile sequels of recent years, maybe funnier than the original as it intelligently expands the potential for the surreal and it ties up all the loose ends managing, quite remarkably, to give pointlessness a purpose.
FAIR Silly, sophomoric and very weird. Or, in Bill and Ted's vocabulary, it's lame, scorched and egregious.
BAD So ridiculously dumb that it's difficult to be a good sport about it.
BAD Fans won't be disappointed and people who didn't like the previous film wouldn't like this one either.
BAD ...a decidedly underwhelming entry within Kubrick's increasingly spotty body of work...
GOOD By a whopping margin, this is Kubrick's most radical film and greatest dramatic gamble.
GOOD The blackest black comedy ever made by a major Hollywood studio, and one of the funniest handful of films made in English.
GOOD Because of its uncanny insight and frighteningly prescient satirical edge, Dr. Strangelove is a document of its time and also timeless. It held onto its relevancy by being bitter, cynical, and thinking absolutely the worst of people.
GOOD Dr Strangelove is one of Stanley Kubrick's many masterpieces, one of the greatest films about the Cold War and one of the greatest comedies ever made.
GOOD Black comedy Kubrick classic for smart teens+.
GOOD It's easily one of the director's best films of his somewhat controversial career.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove's status as the movie that confirmed both Stanley Kubrick's reputation and the arrival of beat-sick irreverence can no longer be retracted.
GOOD Kubrick nos presenteia com uma perola de humor negro que critica acidamente as guerras e a mediocridade dos homens por tras destas.
GOOD It's as startling today as it was then. Catch it now before it becomes too relevant to be funny again.
GOOD Sound funny? It is.
GOOD Endures as one of the finest political satires.
GOOD It still features Peter Sellers' finest three performances as well as proving that the supposedly humourless Kubrick was up for a laugh.
GOOD This landmark movie's madcap humor and terrifying suspense remain undiminished by time.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's 40-year-old satirical polital-comedy about the end of the world is especially disturbing as one ponders world events at present.
GOOD The paradigm of all end-of-the-world political thrillers and a part of the American vernacular.
GOOD Is Dr. Strangelove Kubrick's best movie? Along with Paths of Glory, absolutely.
GOOD Kubrick's great 1964 tragicomedy about superpowers on the nuclear brink continues to fascinate new generations of moviegoers, as its frequent reissues attest.
GOOD A masterpiece of satire, paranoia and straight comedy. One of the all-time classics with a great cast and many memorable moments. Sellers is magnificent.
GOOD If there never were another satire of war, you'd think this one would have single-handedly stopped the whole mad business.
GOOD Frightening, hilarious -- and indelible.
GOOD Masterful and highly original
FAIR ...still shocking in its giggly nihilism.
GOOD Masterpiece
GOOD Easily classifiable as one of the top ten films of all time.
GOOD Hysterically funny cold war satire. Peter Sellers' triple role is the crowning touch. One of Kubrick's greatest films.
GOOD The shameful, criminal wrongs depicted in this document from the past are with us today.
GOOD An absolutely hilarious and brilliant satire in which Kubrick's assured and precise direction serves, for once, to make an incredibly entertaing film as well as a smart one.
GOOD The final word on the Cold War... the defining text on a subject so overwhelmingly horrible that all you can do is laugh.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's best film. A perfect satire.
GOOD One of the greatest films ever made.
GOOD A Duck Soup for the Cold War era.
GOOD The film is always saying something, and a viewer would have to be deaf and blind not to recognize the targets of the sarcasm.
GOOD Dr. Strangelove (1964) is filled with great comic performances.
BAD Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome. The story, characters and writing... not so much.
BAD Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot. What is really going on in 2009?
BAD What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world? [Blu-ray]
BAD Incoherent and interminable...
BAD a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
FAIR Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
FAIR An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't entirely a bad thing.
BAD If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't consider gratuitous boob shots gratuitous, you won't feel short-changing on leaving the cinema after watching Gamer.
BAD Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge? What was the story again?
FAIR With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
FAIR It won't win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go. High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
BAD While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the gleeful knowingness that made their earlier films such guilty pleasures.
BAD Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
BAD The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
BAD The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
BAD The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD". It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
FAIR Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
FAIR Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer." It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
FAIR attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
GOOD Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
BAD Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
BAD Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
BAD It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
GOOD Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year. I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
BAD A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
BAD In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds." At least he's half right.
BAD Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
BAD It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
BAD Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
BAD The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
FAIR A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
FAIR I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
BAD A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
BAD It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't really fit with the material because for the most part, the movie is played straight. It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
BAD Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
BAD A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
BAD The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion. Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't make 'em like this anymore. It's easy to see why.
FAIR The value of a film like Space Buddies... is whether you can watch it and enjoy it with your kids. And the answer to this question is a resounding yes.
FAIR One small step for dogkind, one cute adventure for kids.
BAD not even bruce can save this one
FAIR By the time the Spartacus-inspired finale rolls around, it's clear we're not meant to take any of this seriously...
BAD Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago.
BAD For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him, you never fear for Superman or Lois Lane, never experience anything more intense than the fret of mild peril.
FAIR Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise, which ultimately leaves the audience, like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies, brimming with hope.
GOOD None of which would register if Routh weren't a Superman whom if we don't need we can at least feel for.
FAIR Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners, this movie does have some heart and some muscle. You'll come to like having it around, even if you thought you'd already moved on.
FAIR Superman Returns is a bombastic, rousing, explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy, enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer.
GOOD Solid and emotionally direct but not the concussive powerhouse many will be hoping for.
GOOD the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois' super sex with the 'man of steel' are two major selling points of the film, but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent's secret identity.
GOOD Ignore the hype, ignore the budget, ignore the expectations, sit back, relax and let Superman return.
BAD The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling, but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way.
FAIR better than 3 and 4
FAIR Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally, Routh certainly has large red boots to fill. And he fills them admirably
FAIR Yes, the new Superman Returns movie flies. It just doesn't soar.
FAIR After nearly 20 years in hiding, one would expect Superman's return to be special. Alas, the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer's new movie is the hype surrounding it.
FAIR click to read full review [Greek]
BAD Emphasizes the reasons I don't find Superman all that interesting.
GOOD It's been 5 years since Superman (Brandon Routh) left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton. Upon his return, the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) - engaged to be married and the mothe
FAIR The film's weaknesses aside, there is no denying that Singer has pulled out all the stops in his bid to make the biggest, loudest summer blockbuster possible.
GOOD Superman returns with a vengeance.
FAIR In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country, the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance.
BAD Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound, [but] does so without much care or conviction.
GOOD Super return for Superman ...
FAIR A good start at revitalizing a dead series. Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular.
GOOD As a superhero film it's really extremely impressive, probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films.
GOOD This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film's minor flaws mean only that the sequel, like Singer's X2, is destined to become a real classic of the genre.
GOOD Romantica, emocionante, trepidante, mistica y entranable, es un digno homenaje al heroe mas grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fabrica de suenos, pues ahora, mas que nunca, es posible creer que un hombre puede volar.
FAIR The battle is won: but only just.
FAIR Many happy returns, Superman, you've been away too long. Unfortunately, you deserve a lot better than this.
GOOD It's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters; this is the finest popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed. Superman doesn't fly -- he soars.
BAD Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aco em um gala sem personalidade.
GOOD The effects are terrific - you will, indeed, believe a man can fly, especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane.
FAIR The plane taking off, flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience.
GOOD El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y, ademas de Lex Luthor, ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo: el olvido.
GOOD Spirited and somewhat bittersweet, Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way %u2014 though it's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest.
GOOD ...enjoyable enough for the casual fan, and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub. It's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character's history and place in American culture.
GOOD Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles. I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.
FAIR The Man of Steel returns in body but not quite in spirit.
BAD It often feels like there are two separate stories featured in this comic book flick but neither of them is particularly interesting.
BAD Across the board Green Lantern is an average experience. There is zero character development, an overly confusing plot and way too much dodgy CGI assaulting the screen.
BAD Not "Jonah Hex" bad...but almost.
FAIR "Green Lantern" does have a fair share of problems and yet is not quite as bad as some are making it out to be. It merely gets added to the long list of superhero films as one of the more forgettable ones
FAIR I would say that this film is 50/50 good and bad. The stuff that works really works, but the stuff that doesn't work doesn't really work.
BAD There's a bit more character in the extended cut, but the film is still a mess of tones, driven by a Star Wars-like narrative but cut down by a sloppy Transformers feel.
BAD Thinks it is more impressive than it actually is. Faced with over-blown effects, characters look flat and disappear into the background without a whimper, thanks to an insipid script and the film-makers' unwillingness to flesh out anyone but Hal Jordan.
FAIR While it doesn't reach the heady heights of Iron Man, it's a worthy addition to DC's movie universe.
FAIR In an attempt by the script to be both epic and snarky, director Martin Campbell and actor Ryan Reynolds did the best they could with what they were given to work with.
BAD It drones on, needlessly complicating the story line with too many character relationships and too many dull stretches.
BAD parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy, katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh
BAD You'll need all the navigational help you can get, lantern or otherwise, to make it through this unfocused, CGI-driven mess of a movie.
FAIR whereas Marvel's summer movie Thor revelled in its outlandish setting, Green Lantern dithers between realism and all-out fantasy.
BAD I've always considered DC's Green Lantern to be one step too far over the line into "come on, that's just silly" territory. (Fresh, but only just)
FAIR Acaba se revelando um passatempo relativamente divertido e agradavel.
BAD Before Hal Jordan's big-screen debut, I'd never heard of the guy. And now, having sat through the confused mess that is Green Lantern, I don't mind if I never hear of him again.
BAD Green Lantern is all CGI sheen and no soul, taking the comic book movie one giant leap backwards in its inept attempt at creating a would be dazzling adventure.
BAD When Green Lantern does get its green groove on, its quite enjoyable... but the film is left sadly lacking due to the way it fumbles its set-up.
BAD The green aesthetic misfires: the whole film looks as if it's been inspired by a particular shade of washing-up liquid, or the glowing screens of ancient computers.
FAIR Things improve as the plot kicks in, thanks to enjoyable performances from Peter Sarsgaard, as the more-or-less human villain, and Blake Lively as the feisty heroine.
BAD A certain tone is needed to carry off the script's manifold absurdities. It has to be tongue-in-cheek rather than foot-in-mouth and Reynolds' success rate is intermittent at best.
BAD Apparently Sarsgaard's [character] went to high school with the characters played by Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, which is perhaps the only joke in the movie to actually land.
FAIR Everything fits together just well enough to work, but not enough to excel.
BAD If serendipity is a collision of happy accidents that produce something greater than the sum of their parts, then The Green Lantern is its unlucky antonym, a film far less impressive than its superior individual ingredients.
BAD Robbed of his personal pronoun by a pan-galactic evil ...
BAD The screenplay isn't as bright as those of other superhero films. But "Green Lantern" isn't a dim bulb of a movie, either.
BAD The film also needs a jump-start or a new Central Battery sometimes that Reynolds alone simply cannot provide.
FAIR There's a good movie in there somewhere and enough of it shines through that Green Lantern is not an out-and-out failure. But that realization also makes it a bit of a disappointment; it's easy to see the promise that hasn't been lived up to.
FAIR ... the movie finds its bearings once Reynolds takes center screen; the franchise would do well to depend on him more than on sci-fi mumbo jumbo.
FAIR ...an overlong and thoroughly uneven big-budget blockbuster that just barely earns a passing grade...
BAD A muddled mess of a superhero film swathed in layer upon layer of (fairly necessary) exposition and burdened by a seriocomic turn by lead Ryan Reynolds.
BAD Not even Ryan Reynolds' charm, which pours out of the actor like water over Niagara Falls, can overcome the lumpy narrative and special-effects overkill.
BAD Lantern proves it's not easy being green.
BAD Green Lantern is a moronic superhero. Ryan Reynolds is too cool to play such a lame character. There...I said it.
BAD A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word "fear" is uttered in Martin Campbell's superhero franchise non-starter.
FAIR Green Lantern makes an effort to differentiate itself on an aesthetic level, but otherwise it's what you'd expect - a special-effects bonanza following formula.
BAD This is just one 'been there done that' super hero movie too many in a summer crowded with super hero movies.
BAD The script is pretty dry and many of the scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively don't work at all. It's a shame that the script doesn't give Reynolds the kind of winking humor that Thor had, and that he is so good at delivering.
FAIR Green Lantern is reminiscent of 2008's The Incredible Hulk, another superhero flick that boasted a strong cast but went overboard on visual stimuli.
GOOD It's a refreshing approach to the genre, even when revisiting years later, in an era inundated with superhero movies where each tries to better the last's visual effects budget.
GOOD If there is one Batman film anyone should see, this is it. It's a superhero film with a dark tone that's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved.
GOOD It may be too scary intense for younger children, but for everyone else Batman Begins is just about the perfect summer movie.
GOOD A moody and visually stimulating superhero film, Batman Begins sees the Dark Knight finally giving the treatment and respect he deserves, in what can only be described as one of the greatest re-vamps given to an enduring character.
BAD So much is rich with ingenuity and daring that its constant missteps are exceptionally glaring.
GOOD An impressive cinematic renaissance for DC Comics' Dark Knight, and a blockbuster with more intelligence than most.
GOOD There has never yet been a Batman story with quite this kind of psychological trauma. If Ingmar Bergman had ever directed a superhero movie, it would have looked quite a bit like this.
GOOD Its edgy tone and dark atmosphere coupled with its comic-book theatrics make it a winning combination for older children and adults alike.
FAIR Not only do we see Gotham in the daylight, but Christian Bale may also be the first Bruce Wayne who's more at home crouching in a monastery with his hair in his eyes than attending a dinner party for which he'd have to trim his nails.
FAIR The movie takes such time and care to set up Bruce/Batman that it's a bit of a bummer when it launches into summer-movie overdrive.
GOOD Mr. Nolan's assured direction and pacing keep the movie feeling brisk even at its two-plus hour running time.
GOOD Works splendidly because it dispenses with the idea that Batman's archenemies have to be quirky, colorful, superficial savants, ala the campy television series from the sixties.
GOOD fans of the Dark Knight, finally feel proud again
GOOD This is a gritty and smart personal drama more than an action film. And it is what a Batman film always should have been.
FAIR It's passable entertainment that our culture has wildly overrated.
FAIR Where the movie fails, ultimately and sadly, is in its capitulation to conventional action movie wisdom.
GOOD Se trata de un filme oscuro pero muy humano y, por lo mismo, inolvidable. Un digno renacimiento para un gran heroe.
GOOD Nolan has created a dark, realistic and believable hero who fights personal demons like the rest of us. Burton's fantasy was fun but Nolan's is better.
GOOD This is how you make a superhero movie.
GOOD Une des meilleures adaptations de bandes dessinees a ce jour, sinon la plus accomplie.
FAIR The attention Nolan gives to the characters and the storyline brings Batman back into focus as an inventive heroic figure.
GOOD Artful, daring and wise, it's one of the best anti-summer popcorn movies ever made.
GOOD [T]his is the movie that loyal and long-suffering Batfans have been waiting for ... it's artful and fun ... 'Batman Begins' really is a new beginning.
FAIR While the Dark Knight's return is not quite triumphant, and is bloated at 140 minutes, the filmmakers have retooled the black-caped crime-fighter with an eye to these perilous times.
FAIR Batman Begins isn't a case of DC setting a new level for comics onscreen, but rather a memorable example of how to keep up with the competition.
GOOD The word that popped into my head most often during the awesome experience that is Batman Begins was: Wow.
FAIR (...) Se ubica en un muy digno punto intermedio entre el pasatiempo comercial promedio y el cine de autor hollywoodense (si es que algo asi todavia existe).
FAIR Without the biff! bang! pow! of pop signifiers, this intelligent, well-made film is too heavy to transport us anywhere but down the dark hole of its good intentions.
GOOD [Batman Begins] feels less like comic fantasy and more like serious drama, albeit one depicting the exploits of a psychotic ninja billionaire.
GOOD ...[Christopher Nolan] has officially recharged the moribund Batman franchise with a top-of-the-line popcorn movie ...
GOOD A knockout.
FAIR This is not a Hollywood space thriller at all, but an intergalactic fantasy driven by the same cheerfully eccentric impulses that have informed a myriad of high-spirited French filmmakers.
BAD A blend of surrealist humor, unintentional self-parody and groan-inducing moments, this is easily the nadir of the franchise.
BAD [Jeuenet] doesn't push it all the way to "so bad it's good" territory, but he at least gives a healthy dose of the bizarre that makes it memorable, in its fashion.
FAIR Simply put, Jean-Pierre Jeunet was the absolute wrong choice for this film. His award-winning quirky French visual sensibilities don't mesh well with Joss Whedon's meat-and-potatoes script.
BAD Grotesque carnage, vile characters; steer clear.
GOOD Un de ces films dont il faut savoir s'impregner de l'idee de depart pour etre en mesure d'en apprecier les ebats a leur juste valeur.
GOOD Jeunet and Whedon deliver the alien-attack scenes with a spin and a wink.
FAIR Moviegoers who expect more surprise and mystery from the grisly and suspenseful sci-fi "Alien" series will be disappointed.
FAIR The much-maligned last part in the Alien quadrilogy should be approached as the comic book actioneer that it is.
BAD ...it's two hundred years down the road from Alien 3, and Ripley is long gone. If only. (Alien Quadrilogy)
BAD Great effects, dismal story. Sigourney phones in a paycheck. Why is Ryder even in this? Ron Perlman is the only bright spot in a forgettable cast.
BAD Unfortunately, Weaver and Jeunet's efforts are short changed by the ineptness of Joss Whedon's script, that seems to find a way to make action sequences unexciting.
BAD The film is so insistently formulaic there is hardly a moment when you don't know exactly what's going to happen.
FAIR Someone went crazy with the fake flesh and exoskeletons in the Fox creature shop, to impressive and exciting results.
GOOD Se nao acrescenta nada a serie, este filme tambem nao embaraca.
FAIR Jeunet creates some scenes of genuine suspense, and some of the action packs a real punch.
BAD One of those rotten sci-fi/horror movies in which nonsense abounds
BAD There's so much goo in the film, it looks like God sneezed on the set.
BAD Murky and unworthy (especially of its director).
FAIR About as good a sequel as you could expect for an aging franchise.
FAIR 'Alien Resurrection' does well by the classy series -- it's nowhere near as frightful and original as the first film, and offers less riveting action than the second.
BAD This film should be an amazing thrill ride, but it has the emotional impact of a bowling ball at rest.
BAD What a letdown!
FAIR Being sometimes grotesque but never scary, the movie gives up and decides, correctly, that it can be a very funny space comedy.
FAIR A minor triumph of style over substance
FAIR I's a very good film which never fails to entertain.
FAIR Martin Lawrence amuses in raunchy comedy.
BAD Lawrence relies on his usual act as the hip black guy surrounded by square white men.
FAIR The first 23 minutes of Black Knight (yes, I timed it) are easily the most effective...
BAD crap
BAD ...there's not a lot in it that will offend anyone...unless you count dull, boring, and unoriginal as offensive.
BAD ...is about as hilarious as skinny-dipping in an alligator-infested moat.
BAD Martin Lawrence can be hysterically funny. You'd never guess that from watching the remarkably wasteful endeavor.
BAD A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.
BAD This is the kind of role Lawrence can phone in, and that is exactly what he has done.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie. One's a lot longer than the other.
BAD A time-travel comedy that doesn't go anywhere we haven't been before.
BAD There's precious little to like about the witless and decidedly tedious Black Knight.
BAD The latest in a string of mediocre-to-bad films that have latched onto Lawrence's name as their sole marketable commodity.
BAD A sort-of Wizard of Oz for halfwits.
BAD An instantly forgettable and disposable affair.
BAD This is paint-by-numbers filmmaking.
BAD Honestly, I think I was sick of it after the second TV commercial, never mind the film itself.
GOOD Slight but highly enjoyable.
FAIR This is Lawrence's show, his chance to demonstrate his comic nimbleness and appeal. He runs with it.
BAD Plays like a tepid pilot for a TV sitcom.
BAD The filmmakers ... seem to have been inspired mainly by contempt for the audience: everything about their work feels lazy and slapdash.
GOOD A rip-roaring time-travel comedy tailored beautifully to Martin Lawrence's protean talent.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
GOOD Van Dyke's energy is prodigious (especially when he leaps around with a gang of sooty chimney-sweeps on the London rooftops) and the songs are classics.
GOOD Van Dyke (exaggerated Cockney accent and all) and Andrews have great chemistry together, but it's really her interaction with the children and the magic of the story and the visual effects that charm audiences.
GOOD One of the great movie musicals and of that rare breed of deathless family entertainment that's guaranteed to transfix children, well beyond this, its fiftieth anniversary. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Whether the movie's message is Travers-approved or not, the emphasis on joy and empathy proves heartening, even today.
FAIR The entire set was constructed indoors and it shows: the "outdoor" scenes are bathed in a dull gray light
GOOD World's coolest nanny celebrates family and fun.
GOOD One of the best films ever produced by Disney, indeed one of the best American films of the 1960s... a fantasy of the most delicate touch and charming disposition.
FAIR With all the subtlety of Battleship Potemkin, a queue full of sour-faced old school nannies is shown blowing away into thin air to make way for the embodiment of modern female assertiveness.
GOOD Arguably, it already seemed dated by the early 1970s, within a decade of its 1964 release. Yet still, somehow, the substantial charms of Mary Poppins live on.
GOOD One of the greatest children's films ever.
GOOD One of Disney's greats.
GOOD Practically perfect in every way.
FAIR Classic Disney at his most lavish.
GOOD At her most startlingly beautiful here, Julie Andrews does not play the chipper, loving nanny people might expect or remember. She carefully layers a distantly dangerous and even spooky side to her character.
GOOD Mary Poppins is definitely worth popping for. (40th Anniversary Edition)
GOOD The message is clear: Everyone should take care of their jobs and responsibilities, but have fun as well.
GOOD Even better than you remember, better than anyone could have hoped, better than almost any other movie of its kind.
GOOD Sophisticated yet wide open to its audience, with exciting dance sequences and inviting performances.
GOOD A lot of fun -- for kids and adults, alike.
FAIR Mixed bag of great sequences and cutesy overkill.
GOOD There are few things in this world as sublime as watching Dick Van Dyke dance with penguins.
FAIR A wonderful film for the whole family. Julie Andrews is a delight.
GOOD Classic Disney musical
GOOD Effortlessly charming. It's a true family classic.
GOOD Disney had done a magnificent job of adapting the PL Travers character to the screen, using cinematic effects to the full in creating an enchanting story.
BAD Not exactly out of this world
FAIR Never quite hits orbit, but packs enough galactic goodies to merit a rental.
FAIR A fairly desperate attempt to create a plot where there's no room for one.
BAD A typically low-rent direct-to-video Disney sequel...
FAIR These are superheroes who largely regret their powers because of the trouble that they bring.
FAIR Of course, the wide-open ending practically shrieks "sequel," so rest assured this is only the beginning of a new super-franchise. Here's hoping Joel Schumacher doesn't get his hands on it.
FAIR X-Men's myriad of positive attributes generally compensate for its less-than-enthralling stretches.
GOOD Comic-book adaptation has brains, brawn, and style.
FAIR Good direction and talented ensemble
FAIR A very good comic book adaptation with great performances, true entertainment value, and wonderful direction...
GOOD A superb cast and spotless direction from Bryan Singer make this one a summer must-see, and a film that goes right alongside the first Batman and Superman as genre bests.
GOOD As summer movies go, X-Men is remarkably crisp and economical.
FAIR Relative newcomer Hugh Jackman is a real find as the brooding Wolverine.
FAIR Simply a fluffy, big screen version of a simple comic book -- nothing more, nothing less.
FAIR Superior to any Batman except the 1989 movie.
GOOD Finally, a movie based on a comic book that actually succeeds.
GOOD I don't say this often, but bring on the sequel.
GOOD Call it a gift from cinema heaven.
GOOD Not as disturbingly dark as Batman, but yet it still has the hard gritty edge that keeps the audience riveted to the screen.
FAIR All these characters with their odd powers are inherently absurd and they throw a barrel of wrenches into the machinery of a coherent narrative.
FAIR Singer was wise enough to keep the fight scenes silent instead of featuring the usual inane banter of most comic-book movies.
GOOD X-cellent, X-citing, X-quisite, X-hilarating. Shall I go on?
GOOD Entertaining and reasonably intelligent.
GOOD Should be the blueprint for all super-hero films to come.
GOOD Somebody, at least, made sure that a movie based on a comic book wasn't a comic book on screen, but instead, thankfully, just a really good movie.
FAIR After seeing this film, I am looking forward to seeing more from this sleek new breed of action hero.
GOOD A kick *** flicks that does justice to its comic book inspiration, a wild ride that has a much brains as it has thrills, and easily the best damn movie of the summer.
FAIR It's a model of discipline in that respect.
FAIR It does right by its source material without dumbfounding people who have never set foot in a comic book shop.
GOOD Ao decidir acrescentar toques dramaticos ao seu filme, Bryan Singer elevou 'X-Men' a um nivel superior a outras producoes do genero.
GOOD A far-above-average comic book movie.
GOOD Overall I was impressed by Singer's attention to detail.
BAD the obvious result of endless script rewrites from a parade of big-shot Hollywood writers who were never in sync with each other
FAIR If you're new to these super heroes, it's a wonderful introduction.
GOOD X-Men has more substance to it than you might expect, and it has a message.
GOOD Kubrick's spaceships are perhaps little more than Airfix models, but he makes them majestic, even awesome in the proper sense of the word.
GOOD It's an overpowering experience, awe-inspiringly photographed by Geoffrey Unsworth, groundbreakingly enhanced by Douglas Trumbull.
GOOD Top marks for craftsmanship is an understatement.
GOOD Kubrick leaves usual considerations behind with his readiness to imagine a post-human future.
FAIR Notoriously baffling yet oddly compelling...
GOOD Extraordinary filmmaking, creating intellectual arguments mostly through image and music.
GOOD It's a must-see if you never have, even though its visual impact is seriously hampered by the small screen.
GOOD With the release of Stanley Kubrick's enigmatic space spectacle in 1968, the science-fiction film finally came of age.
GOOD 2001 lingers on the mind like a tall, black riddle: Where are the new bones, the new tools, that will take us higher? Do we even deserve them?
GOOD ...reaches for the stars and finds itself, against all odds, on the other side of them.
GOOD Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is one of the greatest films of all time and it is the director's most profound and confounding exploration of humanity's relationship to technology, violence, sexuality and social structures.
GOOD Perhaps the beauty of 2001 is appreciating that some of the best stories are the ones that are half-told.
GOOD Kubrick's sci-fi masterpiece is still relevant.
GOOD Kubrick set out to make "the proverbial good science-fiction film," but he came out the other side with something far more ornery and profound.
GOOD Central to the profundity of the film is the notion that few things are more meaningful than a child's first steps, the emotive impact of this scenario manifest in every one of the film's dizzying set pieces, albeit multiplied to epic proportions.
GOOD 2001 certainly is a colossal bore, unless you're on its wavelength, in which case it's one of the greatest films of all time.
GOOD Still one of the best
GOOD Part space opera, part cinematic symphony and part horror story, the film is a shape-shifting painting.
GOOD 2001 alters the relationship between sound and the image, expands the technical possibilities of the medium and exists, in simple terms, as an example of cinema in its purest yet most optimistic and limitless terms.
GOOD A beautiful, confounding picture that had half the audience cheering and the other half snoring.
GOOD Those who love it as passionately as I do realize this film is about more than dialogue, plot, or space ships. Its uniqueness permits it to transcend the ordinary, becoming a movie not about one human but the entire human species.
GOOD If I were pressed to come up with the best film from my favorite director, it could well be this one.
GOOD One of the most mysterious, talked about, and intellectually stimulating films of all time.
GOOD It is an extraordinary, obsessive, beautiful work of art.
GOOD If you can surrender to it, Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is a mind-shaper.
GOOD It expresses the hope that we'll soon be done with being idiotic ape creatures and can look forward to superior incarnations.
GOOD Works best if viewed as a symphony.
GOOD If you ask me, Kubrick's effects in 2001: A Space Odyssey, which were made by human hands, are still unsurpassed.
FAIR I have no idea why I liked this, or why I'm even admitting that I did.
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
FAIR It personifies the definition of "popcorn entertainment" - that is, the kind of film that relishes the thrill of its many ambitious moments without seeking total transcendence.
GOOD Something close to an absolutely perfect exercise in how to construct a thriller.
FAIR ...stays truer to its source material, John W. Campbell, Jr.'s 1938 novella Who Goes There?, than the 1951 Howard Hawks-Christian Nyby feature The Thing from Another World.
BAD ...reading this as a Cold War allegory is doing the movie a very big favor. In reality, this is a film about tentacles and teeth and eyes and orifices and goo, goo, goo.
GOOD I discovered what it was to love a movie that was relentless in its desire to be unpleasant
GOOD The Thing is a peerless masterpiece of relentless suspense, retina-wrecking visual excess and outright, nihilistic terror.
GOOD Shows more originality, wit and invention than possibly any other film you might call a remake... as influential as Alien for its blend of action, sci-fi and chilling horror.
GOOD The special effects can't hope to be as creepy to our seen-it-all eyes as they were to the film's first viewers, but we can still enjoy the monster's unique weirdness, and the story is a rock-solid yarn.
FAIR It's pretty scary and entertaining stuff, though I always get the feeling that nothing in it lives up to the tremendous opening section.
GOOD The Thing is a masterpiece: a black comedy, monster movie, conspiracy thriller and whodunit.
GOOD The Thing is one of [Carpenter's] greatest moments, creating a terrifying atmosphere of claustrophobia, suspense and paranoia. And Kurt Russell is as good as he's ever been, wearing one of the best beards in movie history.
GOOD Contains everything you could want to know about horror filmmaking.
GOOD The strong cast brings the somewhat underwritten characters to vivid life, and the elaborate special effects (designed by then 22-year-old Rob Bottin) set a high standard for films that followed.
GOOD Great entertainment. Just try not to take it too seriously.
GOOD John Carpenter equaled the unrelenting suspense of Halloween with this nerve-racking remake. Carpenter's The Thing is one of the all-time great horror films.
GOOD The original has been built up to classic scale, but Carpenter's remake is actually far scarier and equally thoughtful.
GOOD crackling!
FAIR The Thing may be a tad too careful and schematic to stand shoulder with Carpenter's very best films.
FAIR Because this material has been done before, and better, especially in the original The Thing and Alien, there's no need to see this version.
BAD I never got into this. Very slow, dated special effects, and obvious exploration of the paranoia theme.
BAD Mr. Carpenter has demonstrated that he can make good, comparatively plain, old-fashioned scare movies and effective suspense thrillers, but he seems to lose his own head when he combines two or more genres, as he [does here].
FAIR Wild, gruesome and outrageous
GOOD The claustrophobic group becomes the perfect petri dish in which to create an environment of fear, paranoia, and betrayal.
GOOD Films like this make me hope against hope that, some day...one day...the real John Carpenter will return.
GOOD A work of pure suspense unseen since the days of Hitchcock, expertly blended with some of the most gruesome effects ever conceived. The Thing is a brilliant horror film by any standard.
FAIR A bit too heavy on the shock effects, but far scarier than most average horror films.
BAD Pointless remake of the 1951 by the usually overrated John Carpenter
GOOD This is one of those great films which inspire inarticulate awe within your humble narrator rather than verbose declarations of praise.
GOOD Horror movies don't get much better than this.
FAIR Genuinely scary and full of tension, and populated by one bad-ass monster.
FAIR This is one of those rare remakes that remains faithful to the premise of the original but does something unique with the concept.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents... But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't boast any digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no doubting the craftsmanlike elegance of the film, summoning up with relish the spirit of classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never fails to hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly needs this (3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago. But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen. The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film. Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't really add much of anything to this animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not just by the years that have passed since it was released to enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all. Y'know, for kids. [Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never looked better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't merely the best of the princess features; it's very close to being the best Disney movie of them all.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens. For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
FAIR Has no small amount of merit, especially in the areas of production and costume design, but... [not] in any meaningful way a successful or even appropriate follow-up.
GOOD Carries its predecessor's torch into darker, quixotic territories, bursting at the seams with folkloric witticism and hellzapoppin' imagery.
BAD Darker than the original, not for very young kids.
GOOD An amazing accomplishment. George Miller brings the same approach to this sequel as he did with the Mad Max trilogy: Don't re-make, re-invent. A work of genius.
FAIR ...Paints a bleak picture of humanity. Not to mention, shall we say, animality.
FAIR Babe needed a sequel as much as Citizen Kane or Casablanca.
GOOD Where Babe was warm, gentle, and cuddly, Pig in the City is fast paced and antic.
BAD It's a nice change of pace to find a sequel that doesn't merely try to remake the original, but Babe: Pig in the City lacks any of the original's endearing gentle spirit.
BAD This dark sequel to the 1995 hit has virtually none of the bucolic charm displayed in the original.
BAD This film may scar impressionable children for life!
BAD It may not be as fresh as its predecessor, it still begs a look-see. As the year winds down, this is one fine holiday ham that should be savored, not skinned.
FAIR Universal should have left well enough alone, heeding the immortal closing words of Farmer Hoggett in the original.
BAD Babe: Pig in the City is mostly a joyless sequel to the joyful original.
FAIR Sequel isn't quite hog heaven, but it's meaty enough.
GOOD ...a completely new experience for the audience and the film's characters, and virtually, one of the best sequels that has ever come along in the past decade.
GOOD More magical than the original!
FAIR Fans of the book will probably be a little disappointed, but anyone encountering the Hitchhiker's Guide for the first time should be thoroughly entertained. It is very strange and very funny in a way that Adams' work exemplified.
FAIR It's hard to dislike a movie in which one of the heroes gets brain power from lemon juice.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A lot of fun and something different, poised to reach a broader audience with its silly and spirited tour of space -- which is vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big, by the way.
BAD "Mostly Unnecessary."
FAIR Devotees of the original stories are going to be frustrated that their favorite bits have been truncated or excised outright, while newbies will likely wonder what all the fuss has been about these last few decades.
GOOD Adams fans will have to content themselves with the fact that, while the film is not perfect, it is indeed the best they could realistically have hoped for.
FAIR Given this fan's worst fears, The Hitchhiker's Guide is a minor pleasant surprise
BAD ...proves that some novels just aren't filmable...
GOOD On the grand scale of adaptations, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy falls...closer to Lord of the Rings than it does The Shining, or I, Robot.
FAIR For all its huge sets, high-tech glitz, and CGI effects, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy fails to capture the deadpan drollness of the Adams novels
FAIR This film is a pleasant experience but a throwaway one. It is hard to be harsh on a film with as many smiles as this one. For many of us the jokes will be just too familiar.
BAD ...character interactions and relationships have been jettisoned in favor of wild gesticulations, frantic emoting and a heap of commotion.
GOOD Divertido, irreverente e recheado de efeitos visuais que contribuem para a historia em vez de simplesmente se limitarem a funcionar como espetaculo a parte.
FAIR Like a good Brit, Hitchhiker's brings up something important but then gets distracted by silly names and puppets. Like Parliament.
FAIR I wasn't amazed or stunned by this movie, but I felt like it would be nice to hang out with.
BAD Despite the perfect cast, fantastic book animations, & superb production design, this latest adaptation of Douglas Adams' novel is just not very enjoyable.
BAD The layers of dry wit that are supposed to engage the grownups don't work ...
FAIR You don't have to love the book(s) to love this movie.
FAIR A mixed bag, crammed with many inspired bits but never coalescing as a whole.
GOOD The film version truly captures the whimsical cynicism at the series' heart.
FAIR Yeah...but you have to read the book first.
FAIR You might not get it - whatever it is - but you can still have a good time.
FAIR Once you get past all the impenetrable dialogue exchanges and meandering plot twists, what you have is, at the core, a film with solid vision and heart.
FAIR Adams would be pleased.
FAIR A must-see for Hitchhiker's Guide devotees, an offbeat warm-up for those who devour everything intergalactic and a bit of a puzzlement for general movie fans.
FAIR Flawed-but-fun.
FAIR Adds up to a movie that's very easy to like, but somehow not so easy to love -- no matter how hard you try.
BAD "Golly bum, it's so darn ... good natured that I wanted to like it - until it became obvious whimsy can reach toxic levels in the human bloodstream. La da di, la di da.
GOOD An amusement starship.
BAD This movie is "Sin City's" evil twin. Disguised to look clever but underneath boring as hell.
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?' The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no necessary tension, no memorable characters, and no sense of fun. Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it. The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't take much mental power to come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in Hurry Sundown bad -- still the worst Southern accent ever attempted by a future Oscar winner and knight. But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not only to the characters, but also the audience. Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it. You'd be wrong. They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not even sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
FAIR The artwork is quite powerful, and it makes the drama a bit more mature than in a simpler animated cartoon.
GOOD Burton and his collaborators present a movie musical that's like nothing you've ever seen.
FAIR Visually a macabre knockout, this 75-minute fantasy boasts some of the wittiest, most vigorous stop-motion animation effects in the history of the process.
FAIR Disney's sophisticated stop-motion animation (an advanced version of techniques used to create Gumby) creates a truly breathtaking visual landscape.
GOOD Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas has a grotesque charm, a pie-eyed magic.
FAIR Macabre and astonishing.
GOOD So Burton-esque is this world that it remains baffling that he didn't direct, megaphone duties instead falling to Henry Selick.
GOOD Only the deliciously demented imagination of Edward Scissorhands director Tim Burton could have come up with such a dark vision of the holiday season.
GOOD In the 13 years since it was released to a predictably puzzled family audience, Tim Burton's macabre stop motion musical has wound its way through cult affection (and survived mall-Goth appropriation) to earn its rightful place as a genuine classic.
GOOD Tim Burton magic with just a touch of scariness.
GOOD ...endlessly delightful, even as it deals in icky bugs and severed limbs.
GOOD A work of grand visual wit, clever songs, funny gags and genuine pathos, it is perhaps the greatest stop-motion animated film ever, a painstaking style of model animation that computers have all but completely done away with.
GOOD O tom divertidamente sombrio da narrative, associado a uma direcao de arte magnifica e a otima trilha de Elfman, acaba resultando num conto de fadas que deve tanto aos Grimm quanto ao Expressionismo Alemao.
GOOD inspiring, wacky, and infused with Burton's unique romanticism suffused with, but not subsumed by, a gothic sensibility
GOOD A twisted revamp of Rankin-Bass by way of Edward Gorey. [Blu-ray]
GOOD a brilliant feat of movie making
GOOD This hugely entertaining horror fable for all the family might suffer from pacing problems, but it's also a true original that still stands out from today's CGI-heavy crowd.
GOOD The result, though refreshingly different from mainstream animated fare, is ultimately more trick than treat.
GOOD The characters are vivid and often hilariously revolting.... Visually, the film is absolutely gorgeous.
GOOD The hippest of all holiday classics, the 1993 release rendered anew in 3-D format remains a postmodern three-ring circus of morbid humor, eye-popping puppet animation and show-stopping songs.
GOOD Is it cooler than ever in 3-D? Well, sure. But essentially, it's the same movie that drew Tim Burton fans into theaters in 1993.
GOOD Concise, elegant, a tad scary, this is a treat for Halloween.
GOOD Burton's skewed vision is seamlessly realized by director Henry Selick and cleverly enhanced by Danny Elfman's songs.
FAIR The story of Jack Skellington, the Pumpkin King... is like Jack himself -- spindly and thin, but with a resounding voice.
GOOD feels like it should have always been in 3-D.
FAIR The Nightmare Before Christmas is a veritable bounty of visual delights.
GOOD Watching something like this on the big screen is always better than seeing it on DVD. Period.
FAIR The movie has its entertaining flashes, but there's too much bat-jive and bat-hokum.
BAD [A] loud, long and pointless spectacle.
FAIR Batman & Robin won't kill the popular series, but it ought to slow it down a tad.
BAD There's plenty to look at but nothing to feel.
FAIR Clooney manages to keep even these scenes afloat with consistent good humor and unforced charm.
BAD Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which gets off to a roaring start, then quite literally crashes.
BAD A sniggering, exhausting, overproduced extravaganza that has virtually all of the humanity pounded out of it in the name of an endless parade of stunt sequences.
BAD Schumacher piles on the action, but this is still the least satisfying entry in the series.
BAD Predictably dismal pop-operatic guff.
BAD Keaton, Kilmer and Clooney. Sounds like a law firm. Look for a fourth partner soon.
BAD Nothing here approximates a consistent or engrossing story. Instead, we're left with clumsily filmed action sequences that are full of sound and fury, but signify nothing.
BAD I've seen colonic X-rays more visually appealing than what Schumacher throws up on the screen.
BAD Among the worst wide-release films of the 1990s, offering virtually nothing in the way of positive compensation other than an excellent chance to mock it with a cadre of like-minded, drunk friends.
FAIR Same bat-time, same bat-movie.
BAD This franchise has gotten aggressively unsatisfying.
BAD A high-rent jumble sale of smarty-pants pop-culture gags and expensive tchochtkes.
BAD Schumacher's intention appears to have been to make something so awful, so corny, so campy, so preposterously bad that audiences would simply laugh at it. Sorry. Bad is bad.
BAD Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
BAD Alfred posits, "For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world? An attempt to control death itself." Okay, fine, but we get this and dick jokes?
BAD Like most sequels, Batman has lost steam after three.
BAD The title that managed to kill modern-day Batman movies.
BAD Devoid of a point of view, a narrative structure, intelligent dialogue and three-dimensional (or even two-dimensional) characters, the latest Batman movie is much more like a violence-oriented video game than a form of dramatic art.
FAIR By most accounts, the worst of the series - yet I like it the best. Probably because my expectations were so low to begin with. Clooney breathes some life back into the role.
BAD Warner Brothers owns the Batman character; you would think they would have a vested interest in doing a good job of the films, but the films themselves prove that they don't -- and this film provides the most numbing, sickening, inane proof of all.
BAD For all its star power and stylish toys, it never really rises above the level of a Saturday morning cartoon.
BAD This is just too much, like two hours of annoying TV commercials spiked with bad acid.
BAD Warner Bros, we got a problem.
BAD Repetitive, slow and surprisingly messy.
BAD I didn't expect much from Batman & Robin and I didn't get much in return -- in that sense the movie delivered.
BAD As for Two-Face, my favorite Batman baddie on the printed page, Tommy Lee Jones makes a complete mockery of the character with a broad performance that's difficult to stomach.
BAD The gulf between the dark universe Burton's film set up and the tremendously silly camp world that [Batman Forever was] hunting for was too great to hybridise the two.
FAIR A flashy movie that's more like a video game.
FAIR Hasn't aged very well.
BAD Batman Forever is louder and gaudier than Burton's films, so be prepared.
BAD Boring and near-unwatchable; its title sums it up with cruel accuracy.
BAD See website for more details.
FAIR Mildly diverting, brainless fun that feels like a long trailer for a better film.
BAD Takes two giant steps backward.
BAD The fatuousness of that title sums up Schumacher's approach. The director allows his few scrupulous choices to be overwhelmed by garish vaudeville.
FAIR Pluses: Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey as Two-Face and the Riddler, respectively; and the stunning production design.
BAD Otherwise known as, 'when Schumacher goes and wrecks a good thing.'
FAIR The film recovers from that initial confusion to get stronger as it goes along, and to shape up as a free-form playground for its various masquerading stars.
BAD Schumaker proves that someone CAN make a Batman movie even worse than Burton. Val Kilmer's portrayal of the Dark Knight is stilted and lifeless.
GOOD The best Batman ever. James Carrey IS the Riddler.
BAD This would only appeal to die-hard fans of Batman. Then again, it might make die-hard fans cry.
FAIR The script is pretty lame.
FAIR More campy than Burton's Batman, but still good.
BAD Where is Tim Burton when you need him?
FAIR Not as dark as its predecessor but still a great visual feast
GOOD The best to date.
BAD Weak plot, complete lack of character development and at least some actors who didn't look particularly interested in their roles.
FAIR A grand- scale effort that's more awe-inspiring than completely successful as entertainment.
GOOD Bigger, battier and better.
FAIR A thoroughly fun movie to sit through, but paper thin in substance.
FAIR The plot has enough holes to drive the Batmobile, the Batplane, and the Batboat through.
FAIR It's lighter, brighter, funnier, faster-paced, and a whole lot more colorful than before.
BAD I was bored from the beginning.
BAD Batman forever... and ever... and -- yawn -- ever.
BAD What a mess!
BAD A misguided and generally worthless prequel...
BAD Since Heijningen already had dibs on The Thing's hallowed name, he didn't even bother trying to conjure any of its slow-burning suspense or claustrophobic vibe.
BAD For a creature feature set on the South Pole, it lacks urgency, or even a sense that it's very cold in Antarctica.
BAD The fact that The Thing falls flat is proof positive that unlike the film's industrious alien, parasitic remakes can't easily carbon copy the host.
BAD Gets the externals but can't duplicate the authentic chill and isolation of the original.
FAIR If this take is perfectly passable, it also is distinctly forgettable.
BAD Can't possibly compare to the film it's inspired by, but if you've not seen the 1982 version, you should find it reasonably harmless, albeit with an increasingly daft climax.
FAIR There's nothing really new about this remake/prequel, but the film's attention to continuity and detail is respectable and interesting for fans of John Carpenter's 1982 classic.
BAD This is the third time I've watched the John W. Campbell Jr. story 'Who Goes There?' unfold. I have to admit the monster in this one is the most disgusting and thereby the most fascinating of all three.
FAIR Van Heijningen Jr's The Thing still works as a perfectly watchable contemporary sci-fi thriller on the surface by creating enough entertaining scares ...
BAD There are a few tense moments, but the plot is packed full of cliches - imagine, the radio is dead and there's a storm coming!
BAD Van Heijningen has again reinterpreted the material, he has instead done so for an era in which horror films are remade by commercials directors who get the look, but miss the feel, of the original article.
FAIR The themes of paranoia and isolation are the same as Carpenter's film, but the effects aren't a patch on the original.
BAD This isn't the real Thing; keep it at bay.
BAD Whatever good intentions were behind this prequel to John Carpenter's 1982 classic, the sloppy execution renders them moot.
GOOD Tense, smart and suitably gruesome, this certainly delivers the goods.
BAD It's curious that a movie about a shape-shifting, person-imitating alien lifeform should itself feel like a mutant hybrid: half-prequel, half-remake, never sure which end to cosy up to.
FAIR Nary an original bone in this monster's body, but effective nonethleless.
FAIR Schlock lovers and Friday night thrill-seekers are disgustingly well served. Best skip that tray of gooey nachos, though.
FAIR Never quite lives up to Carpenter's version, though it's entertaining enough, thanks to a superb performance from Mary Elizabeth Winstead and some satisfyingly gloopy visuals.
BAD Despite its visual sophistication and a good lead performance, there's no escaping that this Thing is a pointless remake trying to convince itself that it is in fact a prequel.
BAD Efficient enough for newcomers perhaps, but never that chilling, and the predictably dull CGI underlines how far movie magic has regressed in the past couple of decades.
FAIR By no means the finessed work of a Carpenter; more an enthusiastic DIY expert who read the instructions once and reckons he can manage.
BAD The great irony of The Thing-quel is that, as an imitation itself, it's a uniquely unconvincing simulacrum of the thing it's trying to ape.
BAD Consisting of a few shock pops and queasy effects, The Thing is tired, rote and uninspired, becoming a waiting game to see who gets knocked off next. There's nothing here not seen before, including in its superior 1982 sire.
FAIR Great care has been taken to not fill this movie full of lame, jittery camera angles and a faster-than-necessary pace, which is nice. It's just too bad that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is dull as dishwater.
BAD Studio-produced fan fiction that indulges in an intensely close, even fetishistic extension of all the hints and details given in the original film, but misses the forest for the trees.
BAD It's easy enough to sit through, it'll be even easier to forget in a few weeks.
BAD The Thing's nondescript title once represented the fear of the unknown, but for the contemporary rehash, it's an indication of a generic, lifeless 100 minutes.
FAIR Succeeds as a fan-pleasing showcase for gruesome human/monster shapeshifting and other digital horror effects.
BAD Almost liked it!
FAIR The Thing definitely owes a lot to John Carpenter's 1982 cult classic but as a whole, it is a pretty darned good little shocker.
FAIR Still can raise enough scares with its twists and turns to be surprisingly entertaining
BAD While it doesn't spoil the legacy of John Carpenter's film, it doesn't exactly add much to it either.
FAIR Hopefully we'll never tire of the visual splendour inherent in seeing human faces tear themselves apart.
BAD It feels like a prequel/homage/remake of the first two films all rolled into a kind of fleshy burrito that throbs.
FAIR Laughable dialogue and the CGI-generated monster get in the way of the scares.
BAD It's a requel (prequel + remake). Same pattern, different characters. Unfortunately, it doesn't do anything better than John Carpenter's vision.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie. Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
BAD As soon as Morgan Freeman's alien hunter/military commander turns up, a riveting movie starts morphing into a predictable villain-on-the-warpath action flick.
GOOD This Stephen King is way too scary for kids.
GOOD Call me crude -- I have to love a scene of suspense built around fallen toothpicks and a toilet monster.
BAD What begins as a pique to our collective curiosity quickly degenerates into what is essentially a shootout between the good guys and the monsters.
BAD We have a long wait as Dreamcatcher cycles through pay-per-view, cable, and special edition DVD, until at last, like other inept King vehicles, it sinks into obscurity.
BAD Click to read review
BAD A mishmash of styles and genres, Dreamcatcher tries so hard to do so much that it ends up accomplishing very little.
FAIR Logic flies out the window, even given the fantastic elements, and the initially interesting characters are soon reduced to cardboard cutouts.
BAD ...bogs down in psychological mumbo-jumbo, redundancy, imitation, and sheer vulgarity, with a multitude of flashbacks interrupting the flow of what little narrative is left.
BAD An awful, ludicrous blend of sci-fi and horror, crammed full of self-indulgent Stephen King gimmicks.
BAD Kasdan's film -- like King's book -- is too long, and loses its way less than an hour in, once the stuck-in-the-woods-with-a-monster horror plot turns into something else.
FAIR It's thrilling to see what a talented director can do with the humorous and horrifying imagination of literary legend Stephen King.
BAD There must be other films that make such large dives from gripping interest to complete bollocks, but the mind boggles when attempting to remember them.
BAD An early X-Files episode did everything 20 times better.
BAD De acordo com os produtores, Stephen King pediu apenas um dolar para ceder os direitos de adaptacao de O Apanhador de Sonhos. A julgar-se pelo resultado final, ele cobrou caro demais.
BAD Part sci-fi, part horror, all drivel, this schlocky Stephen King adaptation is amusingly dreadful.
BAD Two words: anal leakage.
BAD A simplified, truncated mess.
FAIR There are plenty of twists, turns and surprises in this elegant and sometimes witty horror flick. . .
GOOD Bumpy, lumpy Stephen King adaptation is anything but by-the-book -- and packed with scares by a team of talents.
BAD It starts out as an intriguing story of telepathic friends and ends up a monster mash of Ed Wood awfulness.
BAD ...[invites] Mystery Science Theater 3000-esque mocking...
FAIR Marked by a couple of masterful performances in skillfully written singular roles.
FAIR This review officially renounces the "solution" to the psychological ending written in the novel. The rest is great & Kingian.
FAIR It's a mess, but it manages to entertain for longer than many movies do
BAD Next time Stephen King wants to write about something really scary, he can take the adaptation of Dreamcatcher as his inspiration.
BAD Like Signs, the picture suddenly shifts gears to turn into a choppy, noisy FX blowout.
GOOD There are enough ideas in Dreamcatcher for three or four ordinary movies. But then this is no ordinary movie. It's a grand, loopy pageant of ideas, schlock horror and subtle horror, and gross-out effects.
BAD Sloppy, pointless, predictable mess.
BAD Buckles under the weight of so many haywire plot developments.
BAD A nightmare of a movie.
FAIR The 136-minute Dreamcatcher suffers from more than a few missed chances and wasted time.
BAD Grimly directed by Kasdan, with a stylish gleam to the cinematography, the film is glossy high-camp nonsense.
FAIR Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable.
BAD Competent, but joyless.
BAD There is fun to be had and it's exciting (for a moment) to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout.
BAD The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling, to tedious parrying, to outright terribly edited, CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence.
FAIR "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides" is not really a bad film, it's more so a disappointing and forgettable one
FAIR ... continues not only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
FAIR By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck.
FAIR Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable, but middling, forgettable sequel.
FAIR It's not as bad as everyone says. It's just missing the playfulness of the first two films.
FAIR If it had been cut to about 90 minutes, this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace. As it is, it's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments.
BAD After four movies, Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy, waterlogged plank that's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long.
BAD Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here.
BAD Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination, something that cannot be said of its predecessors, convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been.
FAIR This is a darker, more soulful entry with some fun set pieces. But it's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can make a slight plot interesting. Time to lay anchor for good?
FAIR As far as franchise films go, this one is better than the previous two. On its own, the film still lacks depth, but is at least entertaining.
FAIR Pirates 4 a worthy adventure.
BAD This installment is better than the last two, in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung.
BAD It all goes on and on, and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever, and there's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production.
FAIR Welcome to the fourth installment of "Avast and the Furious."
FAIR It's not the summer's must-see movie, but it's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told.
FAIR This latest chapter isn't sharp enough to restore the sense of discovery that made that 1st outing so exciting, but it's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one.
GOOD Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films. It's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope 'Road' Pictures.
BAD You need two chalices, one with a mermaid's tear in it, which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ'S BOOBS ALREADY?.
BAD It fails to completely recapture the magic.
FAIR PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original.
BAD feels largely unnecessary, especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003, is starting to wear a little thin.
BAD A total bore, without a memorable action sequence, the film miscalculates from the start...
BAD Harpoon it; run it through with a saber; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise (and us) out of its misery.
BAD Doesn't really have any kind of personality or identity on its own. It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
BAD Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story, and never given a real reason to be on this so-called adventure.
FAIR At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence.
BAD Sadly it's just as dull, convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR The film didn't promise anything more than it delivered.
FAIR DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun. It's my new guilty pleasure!
GOOD A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
BAD blissfully awful
BAD This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
BAD Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
FAIR The painful English-language sequences almost don't matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees truly are spectacular, even if the images sometimes seem more hazy than tactile, as is typical of digital special effects.
BAD ...low camp...
FAIR It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to be entertained, provided -- this is crucial -- you have a sense of humor.
FAIR Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
BAD When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable. Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody involved with this laughable fantasy knew what he or she was doing.
BAD The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem. Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
BAD The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime. The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't even register as a guilty pleasure.
BAD There's not a spark of sense here.
BAD Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
FAIR It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
BAD Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
FAIR One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
BAD This is not a movie to watch for escapism. This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
BAD ...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not just Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film suffers in comparison to - even Planet 51 looks good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not just for kids, from an earnest environmental message to animation that comes alive when seen in 3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to mention an Iraq bombing reference -- are laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't dark enough for older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic. Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas. I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the upcoming 'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed. And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
BAD With a plot lacking no urgency, Shrek 3 is a well-animated film containing a few standout, but ultimately throwaway sequences that don't do enough to sustain our interest.
BAD From its humble, elegant origins as a slim children's book by William Steig, Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general.
BAD Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series. It is too often sappy, tiresome, and overblown. A franchise such as Shrek, with all the money it has accumulated, should be able to buy a little freshness and originality. But instead
BAD The best thing it has going for it is its look, which is stunning.
FAIR Though the devious wit of the original remains, it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes (courtesy of Led Zeppelin, Heart and Paul McCartney) and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula.
BAD The problem with this film is that after a quick, fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film. Except this time, Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona.
GOOD Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals.
BAD To trito sequel mias ap' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation, poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto, olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei, ap' o,ti fainetai, pia eksantlithei.
FAIR Shrek the Third, which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child's play and adult humor, creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away.
BAD It's far too open in its desires (MAKING MONEY) to be hate-worthy.
FAIR The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments.
GOOD Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence.
FAIR This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and, at times, even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding.
FAIR It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after.
BAD There can't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply doesn't achieve what the first two films managed: to appeal to kids and parents as well.
GOOD From beginning to end, it's very, very funny. Watch it. It's great.
BAD It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they're still (just about) winning.
FAIR Unfortunately, a few flashes of brilliance don't stop this being a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant first two films. don't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds.
FAIR Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they've seen it all before. Which isn't quite the fairytale ending we'd all hoped for.
FAIR There's no doubt Shrek The Third will make potloads of money. Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions. When it's good it's great. Overall, though, the magic is lacking.
BAD Shrek the Third isn't awful, but it's bland, with a barrel-scraping averageness.
BAD Children may devour the slapstick, but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour.
FAIR "Ogre and out" say the critics, but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs.
BAD A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors. Time to call time, we think.
BAD Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not so much in the visuals, which remain predictably impressive, but in the all-important gag rate. To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
FAIR Uninspired threequel, though the animation is better than ever and there's a steady stream of chuckles, even if it does lack the magic of the previous films.
FAIR Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who, believe it or not, felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons.
FAIR Great animation and good jokes.
FAIR Yo no se si habra una Shrek 4, pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversion se mantienen no me importaria en absoluto volver a visitar ese reino muy, muy lejano.
FAIR Shrek the Third is the X-Men: The Last Stand of Shrek movies: overstuffed with characters, short and fast-paced, and overdone just enough to convince some that it's time for the series to take a rest.
FAIR [Seus] valores de producao jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador. Infelizmente, o mesmo nao pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa, que empalidece em comparacao aos capitulos anteriores.
BAD What's lacking is that intangible sense of fun, of inventiveness, of ingenuity, that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends, grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see.
BAD Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't bring shame to anyone, it doesn't bring anyone any glory either.
BAD Antonio should use his Puss n' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel.
BAD Decent, but not as good as the first two films.
BAD ...odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so...
BAD Beauty and the Beast is one of the great, traditional love stories and this film simply feels devoid of any such romanticism, with no chemistry or spark between our protagonists of any kind.
GOOD This odd, funny and surprisingly sweet horror romance is highly recommended.
GOOD If it hits your sweet spot like it does mine, it combines two familiar things in wildly original ways. This is my Weird Date Night pick of the week.
GOOD The love story at the center of Spring is mysterious, funny and often poignant -- a tough enough thing even to describe, let alone commit to film.
BAD This oddball film's mashup innovations often come at the price of storytelling discipline and, to some extent, common sense.
FAIR Hides a few small joys for monster-movie fanatics looking for a throwback thrill.
FAIR An ambitious and often enchanting genre hybrid ...
GOOD A landmark of irresistible weirdness, "Spring" brings horror out of its long winter hibernation.
GOOD Maintains unpredictability and sticks the landing for a great finish, anchored by winning chemistry from its central pair.
GOOD Spring is refreshingly sincere and emotionally direct in addressing his confusion and grief, her standoffishness, and the hiccups in their relationship.
FAIR Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's Spring is a clever and severely romantic creature feature that, not unlike its dim-witted bro hero, is in desperate need of a woman's touch.
FAIR A profound and unshakable sense of unease pervades the entirety of Spring, from the opening scene all the way to the unexpected finish.
BAD It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.
GOOD This is a romantic horror with sci-fi inflections and it's a stunning example of the power of cinema.
GOOD Spring is a unique, engaging and utterly beguiling feature; one that smartly defies genre conventions at every turn.
GOOD I can only imagine discovering Spring as a teenager; I'm glad I discovered it at all.
GOOD Spring is both a whimsical love story and intensified creature feature, standing as one of the most artful interpretations of eternal romance achieved since, well, never.
GOOD An inventive original and leads to some stunning transformations and suspenseful sequences. Benson and Moorhead know how to manipulate the audience in a fun way. It's okay. You can trust them to take you on a good ride.
FAIR Even with elbow room to spare, the series' linchpin saga will still leave you wanting more... of the Futurama of old.
FAIR Groening's notoriously prickly fanbase may well overlook the inclusion of nearly the entire extended universe of Futurama characters and focus on the negative: the warmed-over story and jokes. [Blu-ray]
GOOD more streamlined and propulsive than its predecessors
FAIR Thor: The Dark World survives purely on the charisma of its insanely attractive cast and periodic bursts of good humor.
FAIR "A decided improvement in the balance department. Not only do we get more in the way of humor, we get more convincing, exciting action, as well as a few welcome surprises."
FAIR [Director Alan Taylor] is helped by Tom Hiddleston's sleekly malevolent performance as Thor's untrustworthy brother Loki, a more engaging and complex figure than Chris Hemsworth's monosyllabic Thor.
FAIR There's more action this time around, and less deliberate alignment of the Marvel universe. The result is a film that flows better and gives the characters a little more room to be themselves.
FAIR Thankfully, Taylor and his cast create enough laughs and just enough thrilling set pieces to save the project from being crushed under the weight of its own dreary backstory.
FAIR Comic-book superheroes have become so angst-ridden in recent years it's a relief to be around one who has hung on to his sense of humour.
GOOD It's wider in scope than the first effort but just as funny.
FAIR Once the action picks up, Thor: The Dark World will satisfy Marvel fans and casual viewers alike.
FAIR The result is a good Thor movie when post-Avengers we wanted a great one.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World is a good model of how superheroes can save the world without forced gravitas, and have fun doing it.
FAIR A slight improvement over its predecessor, but not much better.
FAIR The movie doesn't go nearly as in-depth as we would like it to. But that's ok, because it has enough fun on the excursion to be thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR Enjoyable but inconsequential addition to the Marvel Comics movie universe.
FAIR While there is a lot at stake plotwise, it never feels all that grave
FAIR Humor plus heroics make this action movie a winner.
BAD The Thor saga continues with this terminally underwhelming entry...
FAIR Sweeping, smartly paced, and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Thor: The Dark World feels much more in tune with the playful tone of The Avengers than its own predecessor.
FAIR Tom Hiddleston proved to be a dynamic villain in The Avengers and that star power explodes again.
BAD Not as fun as the original, but still pretty good.
FAIR It throws everything at you ... . A good deal of it, amazingly, sticks, even if it quickly slides off like a cheap suction cup on a dirty window.
FAIR Better than average, the second in the "Thor" franchise isn't as interesting as other Marvel tales.
FAIR Suffers... from an ill-defined conflict: the stakes are that old popcorn movie chestnut, "the entire universe", but how we get there is foggy at best.
FAIR "The Dark World," while a serious feature, does not take itself so seriously as the first film. It has a sly humor about it.
FAIR I was never a fan of the original and this sequel did nothing to change my opinion.
BAD Super-fans will get their fix, but everyone else might feel like they're being hammered into submission by a major marketing plan.
FAIR Generic plotting aside, The Dark World is an entertaining entry in the hit-and-miss Marvel franchise.
GOOD Thor: The Dark World is visually enticing, but in a more ominous way than in the first film. With extraordinary special effects, Thor: The Dark World is sure to be well-liked by those who loved the first film yet isn't nearly as well done.
FAIR If there is a major flaw in the film it is the direction of Alan Taylor, who honed his craft on many HBO series over the years.
FAIR "Thor"t of good. Decent effects but not that ab-thor-bing.
FAIR As with the first film, the characters and their interactions again provide all the high points, with the cluttered storyline and routine action sequences jockeying for place position.
BAD If "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry were alive today to witness "Thor: The Dark World," he'd tell it to focus on being a superhero film rather than failing to dabble in science fiction.
FAIR I like the cast, I like the epic feel. It satisfied me in a way that Thor 1 did not.
FAIR This sequel gets a slow short before becoming worlds more entertaining than its 2011 predecessor.
GOOD It's the essence of what a popcorn comic book movie should be.
BAD At least the Thor-Loki narrative thread is worth unwinding. Too bad it's twisted up with all the overblown blockbuster nonsense.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
GOOD Burton's modern fairytale has an almost palpably personal feel: it is told gently, subtly and with infinite sympathy for an outsider who charms the locals but then inadvertently arouses their baser instincts.
GOOD ...perhaps the cinema's most enchanting parable about the misunderstood and alienated artist.
GOOD Fine performances all around, particularly from Depp and the immensely sympathetic Wiest.
GOOD Visually, stylistically and emotionally stunning.
GOOD [Burton and Depp] seem to bring out the best in each other.
FAIR Burton's movies are fairytales for retarding evolution.
GOOD His gothic tones always mask a feeling of wonder and an endearing love for everything that is possible in life and death
FAIR Burton's sweet Gothic fairy tale has lost none of its charm.
GOOD Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in magical collaboration.
FAIR Moody and bizarre modern fairytale that works on a number of levels.
GOOD Definitely one of Burton's masterpieces, maybe THE one.
GOOD A modern fairy tale about a deformed outsider whose innocence and gentle nature make him a freak in the eyes of the community he visits.
FAIR A poetic outing by Burton with Depp offering one of his initial outsider performances. Still fun to watch.
FAIR Mr. Burton invests awe-inspiring ingenuity into the process of reinventing something very small.
FAIR Especially rewarding for those who would like to see something different in a film.
GOOD Tim Burton's finest achievement. It has an emotional wallop to go with his visual wizardry.
GOOD Probably Tim Burton's best film. Certainly his most moving.
GOOD A film you can't help but love...
FAIR Burton has a good central premise working here, but he never really grabs us...
BAD Burton has not yet found the storytelling and character-building strength to go along with his pictorial flair.
GOOD One of my favorite films ... and one that touches me deeply.
FAIR Johnny Depp is excellent as the Chaplinesque title character and the support cast is good too.
GOOD An engaging film, one which falls early in director Tim Burton's career, helping to highlight a remarkable decade's run of moody, quirky and goofy films.
GOOD Turning 13 suits our intrepid Hogwarts students just fine in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
GOOD It's the most moving and inventive live action children's film in years (and therefore, just as magical for adults, if not more).
GOOD You could call this one Harry Potter Grows Up. At the very least, the transition from Chris Columbus to Alfonso Cuaron has helped propel J.K. Rowling's hero from childhood into the difficult teen years.
FAIR It's arguably the most fun Harry Potter film to watch: inventive, quick-moving, playful, beautiful.
GOOD Alfonso Cuaron brings a darker, edgier, scarier feel to this installment.
GOOD Given arguably the best book of the series to work from, new director Alfonso Cuaron has turned out the best film to date, too.
FAIR This is easily the best Harry Potter film yet, though a few qualifiers need to be added to that endorsement.
GOOD Fantastic, but kids are older, themes are darker.
GOOD Cuaron filigrees his film with brilliantly outsized projections of Harry's fears and underlying realities. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Potter's third year is his most inventive yet.
FAIR Regardless of its cinematic shortcomings, the Harry Potter film series still has a ton of life in it.
GOOD A menagerie of menacing and morphing computer-generated special effects make the movie worthwhile.
FAIR Cuaron has produced the most terrifying and darkly humorous movie adaptation of Rowling's stories to date, giving it a visual flair sorely missing in the previous installments.
GOOD [Director] Cuaron's imagery delights again and again
BAD What we're treated to is less a story than a series of vignettes.
BAD Two and a half hours of neck-cramping semi-entertainment.
GOOD Growing up is hard enough for us Muggles; it certainly can't be any easier for wizards and witches. This is the first Potter movie that examines this.
GOOD One of the best films so far this year and a big step up from two previous solid efforts.
FAIR Cuaron has imbued a touch of the night into Harry and rendered the series a good deal more intriguing.
FAIR The ordinariness of the magical world is a theme that runs throughout the film. Where Columbus went to great lengths to highlight every fantastical thing about this universe, Cuaron treats it matter-of-factly.
FAIR ...a good, atmospheric stepping stone in the Potter chronology, with yet something missing to make it an entirely satisfying movie on its own. (Ultimate Edition, Blu-ray)
GOOD Just like Hagrid when he's faced with the certain death of his faithful pet Buckbeak, the audience falls into the emotional trap that Cuaron creates.
GOOD A refreshing change of pace. Sophisticated and distinctive.
GOOD Comes very close to soaring.
GOOD 'Est llena de magia, diversin y personajes que Cuarn ha vuelto ms que entraables. Felicidades, Alfonso! Enhorabuena.'
GOOD One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s.
GOOD Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons.
GOOD one of the all time greatest adventure flicks
FAIR Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp. Get used to that. He's all you'll remember from the movie.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years.
FAIR Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings.
BAD If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie.
GOOD Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up.
GOOD Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood. Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder.
FAIR May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it.
GOOD It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.'
GOOD Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year.
GOOD ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family.
GOOD Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie. It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out. I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen.
GOOD Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character.
GOOD More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap.
GOOD Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel.
GOOD I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie. I honestly felt like a kid again.
FAIR 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres'
GOOD Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands. They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank.
GOOD . A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves. You'll have a barrel of fun. .
FAIR ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun.
GOOD Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow.
GOOD ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't have to be direct-to-video.
GOOD Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud.
FAIR Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter. The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over).
GOOD And shiver me timbers, it works. Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan.
FAIR Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year.
BAD Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches.
GOOD the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer
BAD Not a sunken wreck by any means. At the same time, not quite summer movie treasure.
FAIR It's never a good sign when source material is based off of something as flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders.
GOOD Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land. ...rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on.
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not difficult to see why The Princess Bride has become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya! Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin? As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time. A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again. As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever. Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old. The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale. There is no other way to describe this genuinely funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful. And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions. Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no internal logic. It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster. Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't have much else to offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit. Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy! Mommy! Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't really saying a whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR Men in Black, running a breezy 98 minutes, is a showpiece of laconic economy. It's quick, eccentric and deadly funny and for many young movie-goers it's likely to be a close encounter they'll want to see a second and third time.
GOOD A lean, punchy, fast paced, and extremely endearing sci-fi action comedy.
FAIR Men in Black is moderately amusing, well-constructed and mercifully short, but it fails to deliver on the zaniness of its first half.
GOOD Great special effects, inventive alien designs and Smith and Jones's hip, hilarious double act make director Barry Sonnenfeld's Lethal Weapon-style buddy picture a fast-paced pleasure.
GOOD There's a playfulness, here, that you don't often find in a special-effect flick.
FAIR [A] hilarious comedy, directed with boisterous wit by Barry Sonnenfeld.
GOOD A smart, funny and hip adventure film in a summer of car wrecks and explosions.
BAD Offensively bad? No. But it's never been anything more than a promising wasted opportunity.
FAIR ...an affable (yet somewhat forgettable) bit of escapist entertainment.
GOOD "Men in Black" still holds up after 15 years. It's as fun, funky, and edgy now as it was in 1997, and HD breathes even more life into it.
GOOD Lots of fun, but too scary for some kids.
FAIR What [it] lacks in depth, it makes up for with an infectious childlike enthusiasm for its zany premise.
FAIR Just a collection of sketches in which Jones and Smith run into farcical E.T.s.
FAIR Cool hot-weather fun -- this will be the one to beat right through the dog days of summer.
GOOD Will Smith, the only spark of life in Independence Day, now is allowed to shine in brighter, smarter material.
BAD The plot is paper-thin, characters are one-dimensional and even the protagonists' one-liners are forgettable.
FAIR Fortunately, the cast's one-dimensional performances and deadpan delivery of funny dialogue actually enhance the humor.
FAIR As ragged as the humor is, there still are more hits than misses.
GOOD Though the story is pure cartoon, the movie is exceptionally smart and exceptionally well-paced.
FAIR Good old alien fun
BAD At times, it may succeed at manipulating you, but you won't like it.
GOOD At last, someone remembered how to make a good summer movie!
GOOD The result is a rich picture with a winning personality, as modest in theme as it is in style.
GOOD One of the most enjoyable films of the summer.
GOOD Fiendishly clever and visually nuts, MIB is what you'd get hybridizing Independence Day with The Addams Family.
FAIR This is a style-heavy, action-laden, wise-crack loaded 98-minutes of pretty decent fun. Men in Black is silly, simplistic and lightweight, but only the most uptight of viewers will hate it.
GOOD Sonnenfeld keeps it all bubbling along with a vibrant, comic book buzz.
BAD This is just another 3D cash grab by George Lucas. If you didn't like the film before, you won't like the film now.
FAIR The Force may not be strong in this episode, but it's there.
BAD Anyone hoping the 3D would make-up for the film's many shortcomings, will probably continue to feel cheated by the first Star Wars prequel.
BAD We don't want to remember it's pretty bad. Then we do.
BAD Has a film director ever induced such terrible performances from such great actors? Liam Neeson - wooden, Ewan McGregor - monotone and the Oscar winning Natalie Portman - a speaking alarm clock!
FAIR It hardly needs to be said that the 3D conversion here is nothing more than proficient, that it adds nothing and actually takes away some of the clarity and vividness of the film's varied colour palette.
FAIR It's a nifty enough film that's entertaining but not comparable to the original 'Star Wars.'
BAD The Phantom Menace is, at best and worst, a mediocre film-a boring adventure undermined by anemic political theatrics and the rusty artistic tastes of its maker.
GOOD The 3D conversion on this film is one of the best I've ever seen... and that's what makes it worth paying some extra money to see it again in the theater.
BAD "Star Wars: Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace" got dismissive reviews in 1999, and it deserves the same today. But you probably know that.
BAD You realize how much humor Harrison Ford brought to things; without him, at times the movie itself feels frozen in Carbonite.
BAD The Phantom Menace, in any number of dimensions, is an exercise in disappointment, a film filled with enough callbacks to the first trilogy to remind you about what you loved about them without adding much of note in all the new material.
BAD You may never experience this or any Star Wars movie as a cinematic experience ever again. Especially not in theater.
BAD A pop-culture calamity, a soulless, passionless film whose only real effect was to smudge the happy memories of the three originals.
BAD For the most part, the sludgy re-processing of the original leaves everything looking as if it was lensed through a wet, worn sock. Only one sequence -- the epic pod race on the planet Tatooine -- goes close to making any worthwhile use of the 3D format
BAD The only plus point is introducing newbies to the big-screen Star Wars experience - if the 3D price is right for you.
FAIR Still unsure of the basic mechanics of the plot, drags in places and that Binks chap wasn't just a bad dream, but when it soars, it soars.
BAD The added visual depth does little to disguise quite how flat everything in between is.
BAD It's difficult to discern precisely where this all went wrong, and even more difficult to speculate about possible improvements.
BAD Kid-centric but violent prequel lacks energy of originals.
BAD The visuals are indeed eye-popping, but I was left with no vested emotional tie to either story or characters.
FAIR It's still a galaxy far, far away, and it still looks like nothing we've ever seen before.
FAIR It's good to have Star Wars -- any Star Wars -- back after such a long time; and it's worth seeing.
GOOD What's important to remember is that the better moments don't merely balance out the weaker ones - they topple them.
FAIR No film made could measure up to the avalanche of buzz and craziness surrounding this release. There is plenty of both good and bad news here.
GOOD I enjoyed the film and feel that it established the foundation for many story elements that were curiously unexplained in the previous trilogy.
BAD As an artist, Lucas is lacking, but as a businessman he knows his stuff.
FAIR Lucas' films might not be very deep, but they're very complex and involving in a comic book kind of way.
GOOD Sit back and enjoy fantastic, imaginative visuals.
BAD It starts off briskly with some fantastic special effects and a great high-speed chase but then founders on the shores of bad script writing.
FAIR Lucas does not always recognize his limitations. This tends to make films of mixed quality. Still, there is always enough that is excellent to make them worth seeing.
FAIR It is certainly better than the childish Phantom Menace and the final 45 minutes of straight action beat the editing nightmare at the end of the last film.
GOOD The magic has definitely been recaptured.
GOOD As convincing a job as they, Christensen, and Lee do, they all end up being upstaged by the jaw-dropping skills of a CGI creation: Yoda (again voiced by Frank Oz), who finally gets a chance to show exactly why he has such a legendary reputation.
GOOD It's impossible...to dismiss a film with this much stuff: exotic production design, imaginative characters, and a wide variety of digital jedi fu.
FAIR It would be easy to say that this film is fantastic and blows away the others, but unfortunately I cannot.
FAIR Superior to Episode I -- The Phantom Menace, with its annoying Jar Jar Binks and its dull, galaxy-hopping story line.
FAIR Alternately excites and bores.
BAD I'll call it nearly good, based mostly on one hell of a last half-hour.
GOOD It's no Empire Strikes Back but then you won't have to worry about Jar Jar too much either.
BAD How I wish I could say something other than ho-hum.
FAIR You will most likely end up sitting through this latest installment - even if the series has become a shadow of its former self
GOOD My God, how wonderful it would be if it just even pretended to not be so commercialized.
GOOD The Star Wars franchise continues to slip into obscurity with another underwhelming entry.
FAIR At least it's better than Return of the Jedi. If that sounds like faint praise... then line up and find out for yourself.
FAIR I feel ambivalent about it and I'm still going to pay to see it again. It's just that important to our collective dorkitude.
GOOD The film has that Star Wars atmosphere fully in place, complete with a thematic resonance and a reliance on strong personalities interacting to drive the events forward.
BAD Yes, it's better than The Phantom Menace. Think for a minute about how little that means.
GOOD Star Wars fans, prepare to weep with joy.
FAIR It has all the moves; it never quite catches the rhythm.
FAIR ...open your eyes and ears and disengage your mind...it's a splendid film, and enjoying it for its sheer beauty is much more fun than having to think about it.
FAIR If Phantom Menace resulted in mindless boredom, then Attack of the Clones at least offers mindless entertainment.
BAD A tale full of sound and fury, sucking the life out of cinema.
GOOD The least of the Star Wars series, but that is pretty damn good.
FAIR Star Wars fans will be in heaven.
GOOD Es divertida, visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida. Simple y sencillamente te sorprendera.
GOOD Lucas returns the series to its roots, delivering a cartoon-like adventure that uses special effects to enhance rather than replace storytelling.
GOOD Meant for Star Wars fans. It is there to give them a good time.
GOOD Se Obi-Wan e Yoda continuarem a brilhar desta forma, duvido que o Imperio dos Pessimistas consiga derrubar o trabalho do Mestre Lucas.
BAD With the sci-fi and horror aspects toned down, Alien Nation becomes little more than a cop show with a twist-and one that will satisfy only the most gullible of action fans.
BAD Uma ideia potencialmente instigante que acaba sendo desperdicada por um roteiro tomado pelos cliches.
GOOD Fascinating and somewhat timely themed sci-fi flick, a minor classic.
FAIR Smart sci-fi premise should have made a better movie
BAD Caan is good, but this is just a very standard buddy cop movie disguised as a sci-fi thriller. Plays better on TV, though.
FAIR Patinkin in one of his best, most memorable performances
FAIR Fun gimmick cop movie with aliens
BAD It begins focusing on the cross-cultural and human dimensions of the tale but it turns into just another police flick replete with crashing cars and endless shootouts.
FAIR A shallow dissertation on race relations made watchable by the sci-fi/Police thriller theme. Caan and Patankin have good chemistry, and there are some amusing culture clashes.
BAD OK s-f that failed to capitalize on an interesting premise.
FAIR It's 70% cop schpiel and 30% science-fiction fun. Switch those percentages and we'd be calling it a classic.
BAD ...the premise goes nowhere. Instead, it begins and ends as an ordinary police mystery, complete with gun fights, chase scenes, and things blowing up in the night.
BAD takes a fascinating sci-fi idea and squanders it on a routine police procedural that is less complex and engaging than a typical one-hour TV show
BAD Stinky brat pack crap.
BAD Demi, this is why I don't miss you.
BAD Pretty funny, but I don't think that was the idea.
BAD Lacklustre chiller
BAD it needed fred
FAIR The best "Tremors" sequel yet.....a welcome monster-mash!
BAD Tremors 3 is somewhat entertaining, but only in a I-really-want-like-this-movie-because-it's-Tremors-for-pete's-sake kind of way.
GOOD The third best in the series is still pretty damned entertaining.
FAIR While Tremors 3 certainly isn't about to win any awards for originality, fans of the series should find enough to keep them entertained.
BAD All in all, taken for what it is, Tremors 3 is worth a gander.
FAIR Larger-than-life fighting in feature-length Rangers tale.
FAIR A lot more fun than you'd think; Freeman has a blast as the Play-Doh commanding villain
GOOD Great kids action movie. Kicks ass.
BAD Noisy and meant for children only. A bored grown-up's only consolation is that the Rangers' popularity has probably peaked, and the next kiddie phenomenon must be on the way. Don't even think about what it will cost.
BAD While it has some great special effects and some decent fight scenes, it also has some incredibly bad costumes and some really cheap-looking special effects.
GOOD Brings the popular TV series to the screen with a barrage of spectacular special effects, a slew of fantastic monsters, a ferociously funny villain -- and, most important, a refreshing lack of pretentiousness.
BAD These are the same performers who appear on the TV show, and you get the feeling this has become more than a meal ticket for them. Hokey dialogue is invested with an intensity that takes you out of the movie and into the psyches of the actors.
BAD If there was ever a script, it seems to have been left behind while everyone went on location.
BAD Nothing more than an expanded typical Power Ranger episode ... [But my 6-year-old LOVED it.]
BAD What depresses me inutterably is that children, who are fresh and inquisitive, will go to this movie and, for 88 minutes, the movie will do what it can to deaden their imaginations.
BAD It does deliver the cheesy sci-fi goods for fans of the colorful television show, even if it's not likely to win any new converts.
FAIR Young fans of the six squeaky-clean super teens can look forward to an effects-loaded, energetic adventure that powers up martial-arts acrobatics as it cuts the cheesiness.
BAD [It's] a blend of trite plot points and obnoxious characters, held together by the notion that you should be watching something else instead.
FAIR Rashid struggles with tone and pacing ... but his characters are so vivid and the romance so sweet that we forgive him.
BAD Kyle MacLachlan's robust impersonation of Cary Grant is good for a laugh, but its overuse is just one of the crimes against this joyless cross-cultural gay romance.
BAD A too-familiar tale.
BAD A gay romantic comedy so coyly inoffensive that it becomes offensive in its inoffensiveness.
BAD Its plot is hackneyed and banal.
BAD Much of the problem with Touch of Pink rests with Mistry, whose nice guy appeal registers even less than it did in his previous starring vehicles, The Guru and The Mystic Masseur.
FAIR While MacLachlan captures Grant's regal confidence, his overenunciation and hammy gestures lean more into caricature than imitation.
BAD As much as it aspires to mimic the charm of old Cary Grant pictures, Touch of Pink is hardly worthy of comparison to even the least of Grant's films.
BAD A harmless, lightweight romantic comedy that does everything that you expect it to.
BAD [A] gay dramedy that recycles a tired coming-out-of-the-closet plot and dabbles in Eastern-Western culture clash.
BAD How can [Rashid's] admittedly playful anti-Hollywood fantasy theme stick, when the movie itself is so saturated in big-studio values, fantasies and hokum and shot in a lower-budget approximation of the 1960s Hollywood style?
FAIR Pleasant but predictable comedy.
BAD Exploring the relationships between the three principles is where the movie works best... Touch Of Pink could have a touch less fantasy and a touch more realism.
BAD Contrived and stodgy, Touch of Pink starts with an expectation- loweringly awful idea and then executes it poorly.
BAD A hit-and-miss affair that has its heart in the right place but treads a razor thin line between romantic and ridiculous.
FAIR [has the] light touch that characterized those fluffy romances that Hollywood churned out with wild abandon during its Golden Age, and then gives it some bite
BAD Oh, goodie, another "my old-country ethnic family doesn't understand me" comedy.
FAIR Ian Iqbal Rashid's movie, flawed as it is, works precisely because of its fantasy elements.
BAD It's all wearisome and pathetic.
BAD There are hundreds of reasons for and possibilities in reupholstering romantic comedies with a queer eye, but the movies like Touch of Pink are too busy teaching feel-good lessons to even try.
FAIR So timid and sitcom-y that it could more accurately be colored blush.
BAD You may give up on Ian Iqbal Rashid's feature debut long before things get interesting, courtesy of a distracting conceit that shatters whatever spell the hackneyed premise might cast.
FAIR A true romantic comedy, closely following the formula of the Cary Grant/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of the late '50s and early '60s, Touch Of Pink relies more on witty dialogue and an underlying current of irony than on plot twists.
BAD The story is tired, the comedy forced and the mother's larger-than-life quirks are an acquired taste.
FAIR A clever and big- hearted gay screwball comedy.
FAIR Touch Of Pink is more of a save than a genuinely good movie. I'm recommending it because it turns out so much better than its clumsy start would lead anyone to expect.
GOOD Smart, funny and rather moving.
FAIR Amuses and delights far more than it fails to surprise.
BAD The only real touch of class in the rickety little romantic comedy is Kyle MacLachlan's dead-on impersonation of Cary Grant's ghost.
FAIR It takes a while for him to find the right pace and rhythm, but the overall result is diverting yet provocative, and Rashid is as strong a director of actors as he is a writer capable of creating complex, multifaceted characters.
BAD Even MacLachlan's surprisingly witty performance can't compensate for the trite screenplay and Mistry's lack of charisma.
FAIR Touch of Pink depicts the romantic challenges of a gay photographer in London who is carrying on a fantasy life with the spirit of Cary Grant.
FAIR For all the predictable devices ... as well as a plot that goes right, left, and idles on the train tracks, there's really enough going on here to sustain the film, even without Cary Grant. So he's a bonus, and a delightful one.
FAIR Passable kiddie flick.
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not sure if anyone in this film actually acted alongside anyone else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't have the originality of the first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone is left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not much here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time. Now, not so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require. Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes. It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person is going to agree with me on this one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting. He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance needed to lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages. Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again. Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um grupo de comediantes deste calibre se reunia em uma producao, o filme era um evento. Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles. Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
GOOD Endlessly imitated but never rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's original space trilogy dresses up the timeless tale of good versus evil with ground-breaking special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
GOOD What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
GOOD Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
GOOD First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
GOOD Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
GOOD It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
GOOD So, is this the best film of all time? Certainly not. But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to be seduced.
GOOD Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
GOOD One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
GOOD Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
GOOD ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
GOOD The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
GOOD classic
GOOD Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
GOOD What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film. It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
GOOD Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not just a favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
GOOD I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
GOOD Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
GOOD Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
GOOD a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
GOOD It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't literally grown up on Star Wars and its sequels.
GOOD [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
GOOD George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
GOOD A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
GOOD A classic American tale!
GOOD Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
FAIR The film is derivative, undernourished, and a bit tacky, but it's solidly average to above-average within its genre.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch. Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, does it? Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter. He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
FAIR The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
GOOD Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God. But its main thrust is friendship.
FAIR Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not only entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
BAD I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
FAIR A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is not only faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
GOOD It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
BAD The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
FAIR sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
GOOD Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
FAIR Una pelicula entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la perdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginacion como valvula de escape. No es el tipico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho mas interesante que eso.
GOOD Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
FAIR A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
FAIR The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
FAIR daleko od eskapizma
FAIR ...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
FAIR I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
FAIR ...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
GOOD Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
FAIR Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
BAD [Full Review in Greek]
GOOD A magical tale that doesn't become maudlin when many films of its ilk could have. A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
GOOD Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
FAIR Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
FAIR It's not a film that need unduly trouble grown-ups.
BAD The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
FAIR Worth a look.
GOOD Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
GOOD Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
BAD Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
FAIR It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
FAIR An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
GOOD A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
FAIR What distinguishes Plan 9 from the other contenders for worst film of all time is the movie's brazen sense of confidence.
GOOD "This isn't like plans one through eight. This is plan nine, the one that worked! The worst movie ever made!"
FAIR Far too entertaining to be considered as the very worst film ever made.
GOOD Like the greatest cinema poets, [Wood] always managed to work in his own particular pet pleasures or concerns, and that odd, ear-bending dialogue is almost like a bizarre kind of open-verse poetry.
FAIR Hardly The Remains of the Day, but some would claim it's more fun.
BAD Yes, it's so awful it's almost good. Here is the birth of camp in cinema.
BAD staggeringly, unmissably bad
FAIR The ultimate cult flick.
FAIR It's mind-numbingly brilliant in its overwhelming, soul-destroying badness.
FAIR Not nearly as awful as everyone seems to think it is.
GOOD Only because it's so awful, it's good.
FAIR When it's really bad, it's good. The rest is just dull.
BAD Unintentionally one of the funniest movies ever made and actually worth the rental price for sheer, silly fun. Pay special attention to the less than authentic gravestones.
FAIR Entertainingly, oddly inept, but a little of this stuff goes a long way
FAIR It's really rather glorious, in its own way.
BAD 'Certos filmes sao tao ruins que chegam a ser bons.'. A primeira pessoa que disse esta frase provavelmente acabara de assistir a 'Plano 9 Do Espaco Sideral'.
BAD Has all the technical ingredients of a great (and even important) film, but sideswipes them in order to leave the audience feeling like that they have been abandoned in the wilderness of extreme cruelty.
GOOD Director Gary Ross does a great job in bringing the thrilling novel to life in this uncompromising drama.
GOOD The filmmakers' devotion to Collins' page-turner will please the book's fans and anyone who likes action, sci-fi, social commentary or a female protagonist with smarts, compassion and survival skills.
FAIR An exhilarating debut from the bestselling series about teenagers engaged in a deadly bloodsport.
GOOD Given the recent failure of so many big-budget films, the odds weren't in The Hunger Games favor, either. Thankfully, Hollywood got this one right.
GOOD The supporting cast is excellent (most notably Stanley Tucci as flamboyant television host Caesar Flickerman, and Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy, Katniss and Peeta's troubled mentor).
GOOD Some plot threads are underserved but The Hunger Games is a fascinating and disturbing character drama that successfully captures the core themes of the book.
FAIR Sure this entry is a ripoff of "Battle Royale," but it's still an entertaining ride with great casting that will more than likely please fans of the book and those who've never even heard of it.
GOOD Despite a few minor problems, The Hunger Games proves to be a promising start to what will no doubt become the next beloved Hollywood mega-series.
FAIR While the 12A rating renders any serious violence a tad impotent, there is much more going on here than the fawning and frowning of its soppy vampire peer.
FAIR I never thought I'd describe a film by Pleasantville and Seabiscuit director Gary Ross as 'whackadoodle,' but if the shoe fits.
GOOD The Hunger Games may be a flawed beast, to be sure, but there's plenty of subtext to glean from the narrative, and a slew of wonderfully rich characters worth investing in.
GOOD The first genuine can't miss film of the year that you'll want to go back to the theater to see over and over again.
BAD Katniss embodies all that's better than her Hunger Games opponents, being aptly appalled at what she sees while also learning to manipulate her audience.
GOOD The Hunger Games stomps the Twilight saga flat, and though I found those films somewhat amusing, this one is the real deal...
GOOD A blockbuster that has something to say about the world we could be living in. Unlike Twilight, this film actually has a deeper and more important philosophical meaning.
GOOD The phenomenal cast with great chemistry and sincere authentic performances from the older actors empowers the material.
GOOD Here's the movie for which millions of fans have been starving.
FAIR Whatever rough patches and shortcomings this first film has, that by the end I was indeed interested in seeing what happens next speaks to how Ross got it mostly right.
BAD If you've never read Collins' novels, the odds that you'll enjoy the film are not in your favor.
GOOD This movie rules.
GOOD If the setup behind 'The Hunger Games' upsets you, that's a good thing.
FAIR Lawrence is a strong role model for young girls with her character's sacrifice, courage, moral grounding in a world that's lost its own, and will to fight for what's right, even if it means sacrificing her own life or sparking a revolution.
FAIR I didn't read the book. While the film is entertaining enough, I never felt drawn in to this new world.
FAIR An entertaining adventure, but while director Gary Ross gets terrific performances from Tucci, Banks, Harrelson, and Lawrence, he drags it out far longer than the story requires.
FAIR Lawrence is terrific in the lead role and gives us someone to root for to survive this horrible ordeal. The supporting players carve out memorable characters. The musical score, costumes and makeup are the other strengths.
FAIR I found the sardonic satire of the movie's first half in the Capitol (a city that suggests a meeting of L. Frank Baum and Albert Speer) more intriguing than the insufficiently suspenseful depiction of the Hunger Games competition itself...
FAIR Solid enough, but for a non-fan fairly unremarkable.
BAD A cheap looking, drab film.
FAIR The battle that informs this adaptation is between the filmmakers' intent to create a moneymaking franchise... and the efforts of star Jennifer Lawrence to create a compelling movie.
GOOD It has the slightly grubby, cobbled-together look of a futuristic flick from the '70s, but that is part of its charm.
FAIR Jennifer Lawrence brings to the pulpy material a sense of weight and gravity that few young actresses could muster; she has a flinty strength that enhances, rather than belies, her soft features, and it makes Katniss a completely believable protagonist.
FAIR The movie on its own terms is an entirely likable thriller, if a bit light on intelligence and personality.
GOOD This tension-filled action-adventure delivers a pulse-pounding, pop culture message of female empowerment.
FAIR Oddly not as good as the theatrical cut.
FAIR The film feels like a collision between a John Hughes teen comedy and a David Lynch freakfest.
GOOD Like Being John Malkovich and 2001: A Space Odyssey and too few others, this is one of those mind-melting cinematic achievements.
FAIR ...in the years since the film was made, the country and the world have become even more divided.... Maybe the movie is more meaningful today than ever.
GOOD The longer version ... packs more of a kick and has a grander, gloomier vision: It represents four weeks in the mind of a smart, anguished, lonely guy who doesn't think he's fit to live.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that creates friendships among its aficionados.
GOOD Richard Kelly's revamped version of his creepy, cool debut is neither a bold revelation nor a bland over-elaboration.
FAIR The die-hards will dig it, and those who skipped its initial run should greater enjoy their first trip through the cellar door of Donnie's universe.
GOOD A masterpiece of mood...Donnie Darko is made less obscure-for better or worse-in Kelly's expanded director's cut.
GOOD What remains unchanged is the realization of just what a superb actor Jake Gyllenhaal is.
GOOD A generous, compassionate, daring movie.
GOOD What the movie loses in pure emotional reaction it gains in fatalistic desperation.
GOOD ...may be the truest depiction on film of the troubled adolescent mind.
FAIR Alive, original and intriguing.
GOOD Demands to be explored, analyzed and debated, and consists of interlocking miniature mysteries and broad, rewarding strokes that emerge with increased familiarity.
GOOD In his quest to make Darko more accessible, Kelly might upset a few loyalists of the original, but there are still enough questions left to confound and enthrall audiences in Donnie Darko's reconfigured version.
GOOD The 2001 cut is my preference, but the 2004 changes have their select attributes. Both editions, indeed, are modern masterworks.
FAIR Kelly has restored scenes, added effects and clarified the story -- almost always to the detriment of the mesmerizing surrealist mystery that made the film such a masterpiece.
GOOD Not necessarily better, but just a different and equally impressive take on a great film.
GOOD A deliriously subtle exploration of storytelling possibilities, and a deliciously wry teen-pic to boot.
FAIR At 133 minutes, the film doesn't feel longer, just deeper and more richly textured.
FAIR Kelly's story of a brilliant, disturbed teen (Jake Gyllenhaal) drowning in the cultural morass of the 1980s now feels bloated.
GOOD Now that it has returned in a 20-minute longer -- and richer -- director's cut, it seems sure to be ranked as one of the key American films of the decade.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
FAIR An old/new non-sequel re-release to awaken audiences who initially zombied out on its originality.
GOOD A strikingly different film from the original: with a slower pace and a much less enigmatic tone.
GOOD It's ultimately Kelly's inventive storytelling and the myriad of complex themes he explores that capture one's imagination and, in this reviewer's case, re-ignite one's passion for the medium.
BAD This is the kind of movie that doesn't so much rush off the screen as it prances off with its nose turned up in the air.
GOOD Director Sam Raimi creates a magical experience for viewers in this beautiful and engaging prequel to "The Wizard of Oz."
FAIR ...Oz the Great and Powerful fares somewhat better than most similarly-themed, geared-at-kids big-budget fare.
BAD A poorly written film with a vibrant palette that cannot hide the wickedness in its soul.
FAIR I may sound like I'm tripping in a field of poppies, but the secret to this film's success seems to be James Franco.
FAIR Thick with director Sam Raimi's gonzo flourishes, but thin on character.
FAIR For a movie that looks gorgeous, evokes memories of a cinematic classic and boasts a bundle of star power, Oz the Great and Powerful is oddly flat.
FAIR The funny, warm-hearted "Wizard of Oz" prequel "Oz the Great and Powerful" veers far enough from the Yellow Brick Road paved by the original film to avoid dangerous direct comparisons.
BAD It pushes its gospel of modern "magic" - one third science, one third show biz, one third motivational speech - with Disney Channel earnestness.
BAD big and splashy but tin-eared
BAD Stunning visuals, some suprising plot twists, dreadfully mediocre dialogue delivered by a woefully miscast James Franco.
GOOD Sam Raimi has managed to recapture the feel and charm of the original 'Wizard of Oz'... and that may be the greatest compliment of all.
FAIR That the female roles are the most memorable is intriguing since Oz the Great and Powerful is arguably at heart a broadside against male chauvinism
BAD Oz the Great and Powerful should probably have been titled Oz the so-so and Kind of Entertaining or Oz, At Least It's Better than The Wonderful Land of Oz.
FAIR You've got to love any movie that features an army of rollicking Munchkins getting halfway through a Danny Elfman song before, basically, they're told to shut up.
GOOD [Director Sam] Raimi fills every square centimetre of the frame with aggressively attractive images...Simply put, Oz is simply beautiful to behold.
FAIR Oz The Great And Powerful is as good as it could be.
BAD You know, its heart was in the right place.
BAD Just like Dorothy's technicolour journey before, this trip through Oz is once again smeared by this ill deserving charlatan.
FAIR The hackneyed message is about the importance of 'belief,' but in what? The idea that even the most talented and impressive women should move aside if a man wants to be in charge?
GOOD Franco hasn't mastered dialogue rhythm and there are times when the movie stalls while he gets off a line BUT, the road ahead in this glorious $235M production is lined with gold, like the invention of the exquisite China Girl.
BAD Kunis just doesn't cut it as a witch, and Franco makes for an unintentionally goofy wizard.
FAIR This fun-filled, fantastically rendered yellow-brick romp, a back-story companion piece, is festooned with its own characters and once-upon-a-time charms.
FAIR A perfectly solid family adventure, one that's made all the more fun for cinebuffs by those signature Raimi touches.
FAIR While there are quite a few fine things in Oz, I can't say I found the film entirely satisfying.
BAD Sam Raimi made his first feature film, The Evil Dead, for $90,000. Now he has made Oz The Great and Powerful - a prequel to The Wizard of Oz - for 2,222 times that. The result is a thousand times less entertaining.
FAIR Franco, grinning and smirking his way through his performance, can't compete with the witches.
FAIR The film blends together impressive special effects, a story about teamwork and the redemption of a man who finally strives for greatness into an effective family film.
FAIR Both Franco and the overall aspects of the movie are better than I hoped for or expected.
GOOD Long but never boring, spiritual but never soggy, this is the brand of big entertainment Hollywood is best at but so rarely does right these days.
GOOD Un buen ejercicio sobre ideas de amor... de muerte y del camino que todos vamos a seguir en algun momento...
FAIR There's a solid 95-minute movie buried somewhere in here.
FAIR El trabajo actoral de Brad Pitt como es una muestra de la incapacidad del director para aprovechar su talento
BAD Brestian (adj.) Bloated, boring, and long-winded, as in "Meet Joe Black is Brestian in scope and to be avoided if you have a weak bladder."
FAIR A sleek, good-looking, and entertaining romance.
FAIR The length does not completely dilute the involving core of the story.
BAD An overlong ordeal, devoid of excitement and intrigue.
GOOD Transformers: Dark Of The Moon is one of the best blockbuster I've seen in years. No other action film can compare to what is undoubtedly Michael Bay's magnum opus, this is the film to beat this summer!
FAIR By a thin margin, the best film in the series. Funnier. But that's not saying much.
BAD Easily transformed into the worst summer blockbuster of the year.
GOOD Despite an over-long and underwhelming build-up, the final hour of Dark of the Moon is an all-out action fest with some of the coolest visuals ever put to film.
FAIR If you like mindless spectacle, this is undoubtedly the frontrunner so far this year.
BAD [Bay], having seemingly learned nothing from the last film, allows just about all of the same mistakes to be made yet again.
BAD Intensely juvenile, casually sexist, and blatantly stupid in ways that few if any over the age of "T for Teen" or bereft of a Y chromosome could enjoy. [3D Blu-ray]
FAIR Remarkable action set pieces and stunning effects, but this third outing of Transformers is sometimes just as clunky and irritating as the second.
BAD ...it takes a certain talent to create as much action as Bay does without generating an ounce of excitement.
FAIR Transformers 3 is the archetype of a summer blockbuster-all explosions and chest-swelling bravado and snarky sidekicks and big guns and hot chicks and hero shots.
FAIR Better than the second film in the franchise, this film is still as hollow and unimportant as its predecessor.
BAD Michael Bay's latest adolescent fantasy for grown men is a moderate improvement over both of its predecessors, which is about the best thing it has going for it.
BAD The Transformers series comes to a merciful close with this hopelessly anticlimactic installment that is, as expected, just as underwhelming and unwatchable as its predecessors...
FAIR Once the film stops trying to endear you to Shia's employment and girlfriend problems, the meaningless destruction and mayhem does have a measure of entertainment value.
BAD Motion Sickness Nightmare
BAD The inexplicable, unwieldy narrative staggers with its brazen incomprehensibility as it clambers forward.
BAD If you're eager to experience this slow-motion collision of state-of-the-art virtual reality, military melodrama, soft-core porn and cartoon, you probably already have.
FAIR Surprisingly coherent and entertaining.
BAD Transformers...mucking up my eyes...Transformers...robots I despise!
BAD Seeing the new Transformers movie was a little like agreeing to go on one more date with someone who has hurt your feelings twice already.
BAD The film's bigger, longer, louder battles don't create more excitement.
BAD The most obnoxious, noisy, tedious, ugly waste of film this year.
BAD I quite liked the first film in this series but this one lacks heart, it is just two hours of major destruction.
BAD While technically impressive, Bay still can't make a truly entertaining Transformers movie.
BAD Didn't inform, reform or transform me. It was just a lot of explosions and noise signifying nothing. But for those who like that sort of thing it was perfect.
BAD Megan Fox is the lucky one; whether she quit or was fired, she's well out of this.
BAD It starts loud and just pounds along, and rather than the pulse-pounding adrenaline rush intended, a stultifying action fatigue quickly sets in.
FAIR Hews to The Rule of Three ... darker in tone, more frenetic, assumes insider knowledge on the part of series aficionados, and, most importantly, it ups the ante in sophisticated CG battle effects.
BAD Director Michael Bay's latest foray into endless, vapid dissonance is Transformers: Dark of the Moon. This time out we sit through 2 1/2 hours of CGI -- complete godawful inanity. The last hour is not equal to what animator Chuck Jones did in a minute.
FAIR There's no doubt it could have been much worse. It could have been Transformers 2.
BAD John Malkovich saves Dark of the Moon, the Transformers franchise, and the very concept of the effects-driven summer movie, but he is sadly only in the film for about ten minutes.
BAD Bay's fascistic tendencies aren't quite as pronounced as in the last installment, but there isn't anything this man won't do for the sake of arousing himself.
BAD More loud silliness.
FAIR Mindless escapist fare designed with the attention-deficit millennials in mind.
BAD Michael Bay's third "Transformers" installment in four years is a rambling mess of bastardized news reel footage, over-stylized CGI talking toy jousts, and light-hearted scenes with the comedic timing of Dick Cheney's pacemaker.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no favors, demonstrating why live action trumps animation--at least when the digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action. It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph. Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not only significantly deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the most painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story. If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not terribly attractive in telling a story more suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your local library than the screens of your local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars. A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II. True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles. They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have. Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs. Jason Vs. Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't going to the top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not terrible by any means, just completely lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse. Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie. David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project. He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you are a Harry Potter fan to begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation. If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not quite enough to make this the best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling. (It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before. I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie. Bring back Steve Kloves! Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical. Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film. A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel. Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series. ... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter." What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
FAIR This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play. The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
BAD Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
FAIR It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't have them already.
FAIR That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
BAD Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes. Something in your heart breaks. Your childhood, perhaps?
FAIR ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
FAIR Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never really goes anywhere. Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
FAIR Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight. It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
BAD A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
BAD The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
BAD Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
GOOD A fun film with awesome visual design. I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic. Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
BAD For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
FAIR Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
BAD Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
BAD Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D. But grownups? Well, not this grownup, who is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
GOOD ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland. Kinda.
BAD A head trip into blunderland.
BAD Burton's personal stamp is missing. On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
BAD Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
FAIR Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
FAIR Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
BAD La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo. Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
BAD What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
BAD Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast. So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
BAD Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it. It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
GOOD This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
FAIR Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
FAIR Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never quite reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
BAD Quite tiresome in the end.
FAIR I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement. The imagery is bold and ravishing. Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
BAD Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
BAD If this is what the future holds for both franchises, then today's youngsters are welcome to it.
BAD Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.
BAD In a word, repugnant.
BAD ...an utterly needless sequel that's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises...
BAD Too underlit to qualify as splatter, too bloodless to qualify as fun, too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style, AvP:R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness.
BAD Does Alien vs. Predator: Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise? Let's hope so
BAD i want more aliens fewer people!
BAD Well, there's not much to see here. And I mean that literally.
BAD Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant a mourir et de tres mauvais gout
BAD I'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never quite came together as a parallel arc beyond the clunky "They're all fighting personal wars" motif...
BAD Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness, and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could see the **** they were shooting.
BAD With a spike in the gore quotient, hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson's blood after the first AVP may be happy. Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check.
BAD The world's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on.
BAD A mindless distraction.
BAD This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms, but it still doesn't live up to its heritage.
BAD Fans deserve better.
BAD Scriptwriter Shane Salerno's dialogue is unspeakable, the visceral horror all too familiar, and the ideas distinctly second-hand.
BAD An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008.
BAD ...wastes no money on stars, no time on plot or character, and no lighting on the set...
BAD ... why not just film an intergalactic reality show where eager young predators can prove their worth for fabulous prizes by surviving 24 hours on the alien homeworld?
BAD The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings don't compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic.
BAD Fez com que eu percebesse que, de repente, estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode nao ser um destino tao horrivel como eu imaginava. Ao menos, eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta serie.
FAIR The film is competently executed, occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch, no matter whether you choose to laugh at or with it.
BAD Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title, it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all.
BAD Mean-spirited, gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause, who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers (in name at least).
BAD Left a bland aftertaste in my mind.
BAD A worse AVP film than the first one just couldn't be made. Except that, impossibly, it has.
BAD Not so much a movie as much as it is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen.
BAD Indifference is the name of the game across the board, really.
BAD I can't say for sure what the 'Requiem' in the film's title refers to, though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series.
BAD Ho, ho, ho -- the joke's on anyone who pays to see this.
BAD Delivers what it promises and not much more.
BAD Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.
FAIR It may not be classic sci-fi like the original Alien, which it has in its DNA, but it's a perfectly respectable next step in the series.
BAD The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen. Then again, maybe that's for the best.
FAIR It's disposable fun, best summed up by Banner himself when asked how he feels during his transformation: "There's just too much noise... it's difficult to remember anything at all."
FAIR Norton makes for a wiry, curious Bruce Banner. But you can tell from the film's tedium-inducing smackdowns that a different philosophy prevailed: the artificial Zen of video-game playing.
FAIR A more satisfactory adaptation of the spirit of Stan Lee's Marvel character.
GOOD An impressive blockbuster that does exactly what it says.
FAIR Bloodier action than other comic book adventures.
BAD What's with the pants? How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?
BAD About halfway through The Incredible Hulk, Ed Norton (Bruce Banner) gets his hair cut. Hair is not the only thing that winds up on the cutting room floor.
BAD What Hulk smash most? Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.
BAD The film runs much more smoothly than Lee's arguably overstuffed take on the material, but it also cuts out anything that isn't purely surface.
FAIR Marvel's Hulk reboot delivers plenty of Hulk-based action and several fan-pleasing moments, though it's let down by an underwritten script.
FAIR This is everything a Hulk movie should be, and it's likely to become the surprise hit of the summer season.
BAD Rather than go to the trouble of crafting a dramatically satisfying conclusion, The Incredible Hulk" blows the audience off and takes the air out of its previous solid work by ending with what is essentially a shameless trailer for the next Marvel movie.
FAIR This is a broody, moody action movie that never quite gets the blood boiling.
GOOD Leterrier has achieved some of the best action sequences ever, but not at a human cost, which is really remarkable in a summer comic book blockbuster like this.
FAIR The film does stand on it's own two feet, thanks mainly to Norton who should have demanded having Banner run a little more, and Hulk smash a little less.
FAIR An improvement over the first Hulk feature, it is still a far cry from the qualify of work achieved with Iron Man.
FAIR To sum up, all the deeply ruminative dialogue you need here is: 'Box-office smash!' Still, thanks especially to Norton, this Hulk is credible.
FAIR In close-up the Hulk is more cartoonish than scary, but when he's ripping armed vehicles to shreds? Kewl.
FAIR [An] enjoyable aspects of the re-boot is that Norton's Bruce Banner seems so physically frail, that when he finally lets his inner beast out, the contrast is striking.
BAD The Hulk is one of Marvel Comics more unsuccessfully developed superheroes. He is more of a scared animal striking out at his tormentors rather than a thinking being that acts with a conscience.
FAIR But if you love crap it's what you might well want as you wait for the better movies of this summer to come.
FAIR Variety wins the day: You might see Hulk fighting in an airy green pasture or a nighttime metropolis, and the villains change and develop throughout the film, rendering it redundancy-free.
FAIR The Incredible Hulk is often loud, and it can be quite dumb, but it's certainly not bloated.
FAIR THE INCREDIBLE HULK is a darker and grimmer superhero film with a more tragic hero than we have seen of late from the Marvel films.
GOOD The movie is fun enough, and it satisfied me as a lifelong Hulk fan.
BAD It's okay, but I preferred Ang Lee's deep, yearning Hulk. Call me a sissy!
FAIR The movie is about as good as a dumb action flick with a pathetically computer-rendered monster could be.
FAIR Iron Man is easily superior to The Incredible Hulk. Tony Stark's wit, his flair, the way everything comes easily to him and he makes the ladies purr, are all the opposite of what Bruce Banner brings to the party.
GOOD One of the great monster movies, exciting and scary and sad all at once.
FAIR Contains a property-damaging clash-of-the-titans free-for-all of such intensity that in the pre-computer effects era it could have been visualized only in a cartoon or a comic book.
BAD The grand acting chops of Norton and Roth fall prey to action which is more noisy than memorable and fails to carry a script lacking in impact, depth and originality.
BAD This is just another case of special effects overwhelming an action film.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never quite connects than to Jonze actually meeting his grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a coming-of-age film. It's an end-of-innocence film. And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time. You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never having read the book, it must be better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying. It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't go expecting joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't see a more compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky... But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never mind the little ones. This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never grew up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year. It's just a pity he didn't make it more accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun? The book was entrancing. The book deserved better. Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it. For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange. But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it. In fact, Wild Things... I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment. It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children. And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
FAIR Lame, but in a good way.
BAD How could an action-adventure film that cost $34 million, most of which clearly went into pyrotechnics, computerized special effects and scenic locations, end up looking cheap, silly and lifeless?
BAD This has got to be the worst franchise every created.
BAD There should have been only one!
BAD How tough could it be to make a "Highlander" that makes sense?
BAD One of those uninspired films that gave sequels such a bad name.
BAD They definitely don't come any worse than this.
BAD What it can't copy is the first movie's sense of surprise: we're never jolted by any of the sword fights here as we were with the original's broadsword battle in a carpark.
BAD If it wasn't set eight years later, no one would never know the difference (and of course, never mind the ultra-cheesy, low-budget special effects!).
BAD This is the end of the Highlander series, they say. Not an eon too soon.
BAD Mostly the film morphs into a block of dullness.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn. There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't get from computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not sure could be derived on computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to appreciate? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics. The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we had in mind. It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't add up to classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons. It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy. The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay. But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
BAD Pitch Black is such a stinker that it makes Twohy's previous sci-fi thriller, The Arrival, look halfway decent.
FAIR A solid creature feature, but not at all a revelatory one.
FAIR Original Riddick pic is violent, with teamwork rewarded.
BAD ...your typical run-for-your-life-the-monsters-are-coming science fiction adventure that requires one to park his brain at the front door of the theater before entering.
FAIR If only there had been as much time spent on creating believable aliens as there obviously was on the landscape.
FAIR Hey man, it's February. You've already picked through all the leftover Oscar-bait you can take, so it's no time to be picky.
FAIR PITCH BLACK deserves to be recommended as a solid piece of genre entertainment.
FAIR One of the best of the sci-fi spectacles cut from the Alien cloth.
GOOD A solid entry in the genre of science fiction horror.
FAIR The action scenes are good, if sparse.
FAIR By no means an excellent movie, or even a reasonably good one, but it is much better than most of its sic-fi brethren today.
BAD [A] derivative, plot-hole ridden sci-fi flick, redeemed only by the blazing star-in-the-making quality of Vin Diesel.
FAIR Against all odds, Pitch Black hit me in the right places, and I believe that those who are lucky enough to give it a chance won't forget it either for at least one reason...VIN DIESEL.
FAIR It may not be original, but it is smart. More importantly, it's scary.
BAD The script is a compendium of science-fiction cliches, familiar in Hollywood movies since the early fifties.
FAIR With a witty script and a cool sense of building dread, Pitch Black is a surprisingly entertaining sci-fi thriller.
GOOD Pitch Black is relentless in its integrity; it's lean and mean and it doesn't waste time.
FAIR It is an entertainment and quite a good one too.
FAIR An enjoyably tense sci-fi horror show from David Twohy...
GOOD Despite the scientific and logical lapses, it is a pretty good adventure yarn with some interesting twists and turns.
FAIR [David Twohy] tweaks this formulaic escape-from-hell story with just enough original touches to give it a lift.
FAIR It's not an especially challenging part, but Diesel handles it with aplomb.
GOOD This is filmmaking that's lean, mean and (in Diesel) boasts one hell of a fighting machine.
GOOD Even those who shun the gripping effect of horror films might find Pitch Black a challenge worth taking on.
BAD Aside from being vile and repellent, it's mainly dull -- old-fashioned in its shock tactics and culminating in a ho-hum climax.
FAIR Mother of Tears may not stand tall in Argento's body of viscera-laden work, but this final chapter of a loosely defined trilogy is refreshingly old school in its trashiness.
BAD Mother of Tears puts a dent in Argento's rep as a horror maestro.
BAD I wanted this to be great. Hell, I would have settled for just above average. This just sucks. All of the key elements are in place -- a solid story, great gore F/X, good sound work ... everything except Dario.
FAIR We come to an Argento picture for the surreal, Baroque imagery, and though much here fits those descriptions, there's a great deal of it that's also quite gaudy and goofy and, dare I say, campy.
BAD Should be locked away for the sake of mankind.
BAD A real shame.
GOOD Just as twisted, surprising and gruesome as anything that Argento has given us in the past and a more than worthy successor to its two predecessors.
BAD A gruesome drama enacted by a cast that speaks English with a bewildering variety of accents, Mother of Tears is reliably gruesome and occasionally startling but not particularly scary.
BAD Asia Argento's outright horrendous performance ruins what could have been a decent B-movie.
FAIR The visuals are vibrant and fans of Argento's bravura bloodletting will thrill to his imaginative use of pikes, entrails and his daughter, who performs a shower scene for Dear Old Dad.
FAIR No, this film doesn't make a ton of sense but it is highly entertaining. An insane, delirious bloodbath.
BAD A crude, artless bogey tale. Attempts to position it as a camp masterpiece are misguided and condescending,
BAD The gore is simply midnight-movie disgusting. And the ending is rushed and flat -- as if it had been tacked on by another hand.
BAD The film lacks the visual class of previous Argento efforts and relies more on shocks than suspense.
BAD Much of this spooky-spirits-in-Rome chiller is by the numbers.
FAIR Although The Mother of Tears teeters on the preposterous and awkward, it is diverting and reveals that the filmmaker's signature bravura flourishes and use of sinister settings are still intact.
FAIR It's hard to find lines and performances like Mother of Tears outside of anything that doesn't come with a XXX rating.
FAIR Mother of Tears transcends camp without forsaking it. Argento pitches the proceedings toward the ridiculous (his pacing is as perfect as some of the witches' breasts are fake) but only in the name of reaching a new cheesy sublime.
BAD This long-awaited final offering about the apocalyptic second sacking of Rome by an unholy pack of demons gets lost in the back alleys of '70s-era Italian horror films and unconvincing Cinecitta Studio sets.
GOOD ...Silly, awkward, vulgar, outlandish, hysterical, inventive, revolting, flamboyant, titillating, ridiculous, mischievous, uproarious, cheap, priceless, tasteless and sublime.
GOOD Hitting the ground running and never giving up for 90 nasty minutes, Mother of Tears is Dario Argento's final statement on his precedent as the definitive Delacroix of dread.
FAIR So logically impaired, so clumsily written and so haphazardly designed that it's a sheer delight.
BAD not nearly enough action and gore, and there's far too much time spent on uncovering secrets and tracking down random tidbits
FAIR The final installment of filmmaker Argento's Three Mothers series, this rollicking scarefest boasts roving bands of leggy witches, blundering priests, and voices from Beyond.
FAIR A fascinating effort in '70s horror nostalgia, or proof that they don't make them like they used to for good reason.
BAD Dario Argento's ketchupy brand of horror hasn't aged well, nor have his sexual politics. Enjoyably campy at first, then offensive and ultimately just bad.
BAD A kinky alternative to The Da Vinci Code for conspiracy theorists with cast iron stomachs.
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
GOOD See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all.
GOOD Director Irvin Kershner's imaginative supervision of George Lucas's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension, adding a mature, philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects.
GOOD It's darker than the original, and perhaps less well structured, but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions.
GOOD The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.
GOOD O melhor de toda a serie, este episodio abraca o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiencia os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade.
GOOD Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like 'best ever.'
GOOD The most imaginative and emotionally connectable "Star Wars" film and, with the exception of "Revenge of the Sith," also the darkest.
GOOD The second act is very strong, cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han, Leia, Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire. And it's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit.
GOOD The best of the films.
GOOD Sci-fi cinema at its best.
GOOD Everything you loved about A New Hope and more.
GOOD ...the deepest, darkest, most mature, and most thoughtful entry in the series.
GOOD The best Star Wars movie, ever!
GOOD The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they aren't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures.
GOOD A darker, richer, and more elaborate film than the original.
GOOD The most interesting of the series
GOOD To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliche they don't make 'em like this anymore.
GOOD Easily the best of the Star Wars saga, sad but thrilling.
GOOD It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films, on the big screen again.
GOOD In Empire, creator George Lucas' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack.
GOOD It's the best film of the series, and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made.
GOOD El Episodio V es el mas oscuro de la saga de Star Wars, pero tambien, el mas seductor.
GOOD By far the best part of the trilogy, Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre, with a reputation that can only grow and grow.
GOOD may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy, but it will always remain the stronges
GOOD A superior motion picture!
GOOD Colorful, exciting, witty and adventuresome!
GOOD The script again is imaginative and full of laughs. Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes.
GOOD It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end, one of the most visionary and inventive of all films.
BAD I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island.
BAD So-so amalgam of cop procedural and werewolf mayhem.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't just an ambitious cartoon; it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not miss this marvelously accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never less than breathtakingly beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths. Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the very young, The Princess Mononoke can be stunningly violent at times. But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
BAD The movie reminded me of a trailer for a fantasy adventure, a highlights reel flashing by in pretty colors.
BAD Any dungeon master worth his 20-sided dice could have whipped up a better scenario.
FAIR Spends too much time being a game of Dungeons and Dragons instead of telling a story.
BAD Decepcionante por donde quiera que se le vea
BAD Most of the movie is underlit and dank, which serves to minimize the distinct cartoonishness of the many computer-generated digital effects.
BAD Dungeons and Dragons? More like dragging dung.
BAD This convoluted, sloppily made film looks like it was cut down from a four-hour length with a machete.
BAD Where is the bubonic plague when you need it? I wanted them all to die and the sooner, the better.
BAD This movie may be the clumsiest, most inept cinematic exploitation of an item with kid appeal that we have yet seen.
BAD The fight sequences are limp, the pace often drags, and the dramatic moments elicit more laughter than the comic ones.
BAD The Wayans role is a total cringe -- a cowardly and stupid nonstop talker who is easily manipulated by and wholly devoted to his mentally superior buddy.
BAD The disconnects are so strange that with a little more effort, they could have become a style.
BAD Seems to have been assembled from sword-and-sorcery cliches.
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a good sign when the special effects give more memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept. And it's not even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it nearly as much as I ought to have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs. Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth noting, unless one is noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans. But if you are not a fan, the "oh jeez" moments will far outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with actual cinema as kids, so why are we doing so with this one? It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is. The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens. There are predators. They fight. What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
BAD The sort of flick that the lovable old MST3K boys would have dismissed as "way too easy."
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't always a good idea. Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't even try to make itself memorable. It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees. There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who have to sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't end up hating it as much as I thought I was going to during the first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never discovers new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre. But for The Weinsteins in animation? That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
BAD This clumsy combo of cloying family drama and fantasy-enhanced courtside clowning is designed to draw tears and cheers. But jeers are more likely ...
FAIR The spectacular visuals and fights are the real stars.
FAIR Veering between gleaming, clean-lined techno-lust and a punkier, junk-space aesthetic, it really is a marvel to look at: an artfully dazzling distillation of videogamey flash, proggy space-majesty and Final Fantasy flounce.
BAD This digitally animated Japanese space adventure is as po-faced as they come.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph. More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some happy, kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an entire world is plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not only attempted the most ambitious film project in modern cinema history, he's pulled it off with a breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier. (Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here. The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail. The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults. It will be remembered because it places story above all else. And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
FAIR Akroyd and Basinger give the film an infectious stroke of energy, and by the end we continue to smile even as we are exhausted under the weight of endless nonsense.
BAD Pretty dumb fantasy-sci-fi-comedy directed by Richard Benjamin.
FAIR Not nearly as bad as advertised.
FAIR Harmless.
BAD There were more laughs in "Nine and a Half Weeks"
BAD ...and your movie is a joke.
FAIR a forgotten classic that holds a lot of nostalgia
FAIR There's a sunny feeling here that's impossible to deny: a warm, inviting tone unseen in more recent fare.
FAIR Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.
GOOD Magic-filled fantasy adventure for tweens and up.
BAD As a movie, it's a hell of a video game
GOOD It isn't without significant flaws, but overall an effective and memorable fantasy spectacle.
FAIR This is how I always figured the project got started: ILM called Ron, and said 'Ronnnnnnn, we're BORED.'
BAD Gad.
GOOD A sloppy and intermittently goofy flick, but it still holds enough charm, excitement and good humor to please quest fans.
BAD It works better as a portfolio for ILM techies than an example of such hoary entertainment standards as acting, screenwriting, plotting, and direction.
BAD Although the dragon is a fantastic early computer generated creation and must have cost a bundle to design, the film itself is too long, too slowly paced, and not very intelligent.
GOOD Grand escapism
FAIR ...high production values, elaborate sets, and gorgeous cinematography make it worth seeing at least once. Yet, I found in it no compelling reasons for a revisit.
FAIR At the story level, Willow is turgid and relentlessly predictable.
GOOD Holy Motors is visionary, absurd, melancholy, ecstatic, confounding, and ultimately transcendent. If 2012 spawns a better film I will eat a bouquet of flowers.
GOOD The movie is a puzzle meant to be played and enjoyed, not solved. As Oscar asserts: 'We're having a ball in the back of beyond.'
GOOD ...this is a fascinating film experience where you never quite know what's coming next, and feel nothing but fulfilled when the eventual entertainment reveal arrives.
FAIR Read a dozen reviews of "Holy Motors" and you'll mostly get a dozen people scrambling not to admit that they don't quite get it.
FAIR Offering a weird and wonderful tangle of ideas, Carax and Lavant are clearly reveling in the madcap vibe, and together they have created an entertainingly barmy and gag-filled ode to both cinema and what Oscar calls 'the beauty in the act'.
FAIR Surreal and inscrutable, it's visually compelling avante-garde cinema that may leave you wondering, 'What was that about?'
GOOD Holy Motors e uma declaracao de amor ao Cinema, um suspiro de impaciencia acerca do Cinema e uma manifestacao de desesperanca diante do estado atual do Cinema. Uma desesperanca que a propria existencia do filme se encarrega de suprimir.
GOOD Mystifying and emotion-stirring, it demands that you bring yourself
GOOD "Holy Motors" is a post-apocalyptic movie, if your idea of the apocalypse was the demise of 35mm film and the rise of YouTube culture.
GOOD As playful as it is...Holy Motors has the power to haunt as much as to amuse.
GOOD For all its disruptive energy, Holy Motors is also a thing of sublime beauty.
GOOD It may be the weirdest and most challenging movie to open in Austin this year. It's also oddly moving.
FAIR As frustratingly opaque as Carax's art film is, Denis Lavant is fantastic in the lead role, as he portrays character after character, all with the utmost credibility.
FAIR I admire the film for thinking out of the box, but it just tries too hard to be weird. It ends up imploding on itself due to its over-ambition.
FAIR If you like a movie that dares you to keep up and that demands your willingness to let some parts of it remain mystifying, "Holy Motors" is a ride worth taking.
GOOD Totally exhilarating and completely bonkers, like if 'Quantum Leap' had been a French art film
GOOD A joyous experience.
BAD Audiences who care about character and plot are liable to take the exit to a movie that makes sense.
GOOD All this random action, Carax suggests, is for some vast, abstract audience anxious to lose itself in imagined narratives.
GOOD Weird, baffling, and the lunatic work of a powerfully ambitious filmmaker, 'Holy Motors' is one of the best films of the year.
FAIR I just know Holy Motors tickled me, cosmic pretensions and all.
FAIR Holy Motors is wild and unfettered and playful - the work of an artist who carries his love of cinema in his bones, and knows how to share that affection with the audience.
GOOD This is the most exhilarating cinema ride of 2012, a marvellously mobile mystery trip.
GOOD In "Holy Motors" Carax insists on our other selves. His daylong ride is a wary celebration, a joyful dirge that's served up in concentrated form by a roving band of accordion players. It's all in a day's work.
GOOD It's rare that we get the chance to encounter anything this freely inventive, this amusing, this ineffably sad and, yet, this full of life.
FAIR A fascinating and heartbreaking study of humanity, one leavened with a refreshing levity and humor that makes Carax's philosophy on life not only palatable, but thoroughly enjoyable.
GOOD A stunning exploration of identity in both society and filmmaking that features one of the best performances of the year by some stretch.
GOOD A film that not only demands repeat viewings but also makes that an attractive proposition.
GOOD A multitude of pleasures abound if one gives into the insane spell the film casts.
GOOD A glorious, gross, absurd, haunting dream and deconstruction of identity that may enthrall like a symphony or annoy like a rash.
GOOD Lavant is splendid in the film, and he's essentially the entire film - and yet, "Holy Motors" is somewhat more than a contraption built for a fearless performer.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't even notice that Batman's appearances are being saved only for special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
BAD ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
GOOD Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
FAIR Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
GOOD Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
FAIR For all its inventiveness, it doesn't really compare to Miyazaki's later pictures.
GOOD It's a delight.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way. In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no puedes dejar pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny. But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton. The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece. From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning. Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not too serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless. But his movie has no pep. It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't have a story that does justice to the production.
GOOD Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not so-creepy, characters.
GOOD Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
FAIR What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
GOOD Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
GOOD The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney. If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
GOOD Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
GOOD Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
BAD ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't quite the instant classic one might've expected...
GOOD Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
GOOD Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
GOOD Filmgoers of all ages should not pass up the opportunity to experience such a work of staggering imagination.
GOOD Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood. Yet this one really does deserve it.
GOOD This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
GOOD Spirited Away is wonderful.
GOOD A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
GOOD Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs? Get over it.
GOOD Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
GOOD I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
FAIR Not instructive, as Disney is, and not aloof, like anime. Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
GOOD 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
GOOD It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never been seen before.
GOOD The wonders never stop.
GOOD One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
GOOD A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy. See it -- you'll be glad you did.
GOOD Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status. Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
GOOD E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
GOOD Have no fear, you legions of Potter fans: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a solid step forward in the movie adaptations of J.K. Rowling's much-read novels.
FAIR Although it's unlikely to make converts of the uninitiated, fans of the series and its characters will find the movie to be a worthy entry.
GOOD Columbus carefully avoids overly replaying the visual wonders of his first episode, and heedfully edits and amplifies Rowling's story for the screen, preserving its spooky darkness.
GOOD Better story, better acting, better characters and better effects. All they need is to sort out the dialogue next time, and everyone's a winner.
GOOD Director Chris Columbus (again working from a screenplay by Steve Kloves) has allowed some mechanical repetition to creep in, but overall this manages to be ingenious as well as faithful to its source.
BAD It's not all bad. But there are wasted, senseless scenes of characters about to head to the Quidditch pitch for a game that doesn't happen and time-eating speeches about how "This could mean the end of Hogwarts" (Crikey, again?)
GOOD Possibly second only to Goblet of Fire of all the Potter films to date, Chamber of Secrets should please fans and muggles alike.
FAIR Those who adore the books may bemoan the flat emotional landscape of the films, which are less easy to engage with. Fans of the first film will be suitably entertained.
GOOD Action- and creature-packed Potter sequel.
FAIR Everything about The Sorcerer's Stone pretty much applies to the adaptation of the second novel in the series.
GOOD The exciting second chapter in the Harry Potter chronicle that in many ways surpasses the original.
FAIR Though these films are trifles, they are at least high quality trifles.
FAIR May just be the most quintessential Steven Spielberg movie Steven Spielberg never made.
GOOD This second effort is even better than the first go around.
FAIR An enjoyable sequel.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, satisfies as a film adaptation, but it doesn't cast as enchanting a spell as the first movie.
GOOD This is as rousing and faithful an adaptation as was possible.
FAIR The franchise is showing no fear at exploring the novels' darker moments, but needs to judiciously pare down the time it takes for the lights to come up.
FAIR The humor and the villainy have bite, the acting has conviction, the effects look far less cheesy, and the storytelling actually conveys the imagination and emotional power of Rowling's prose.
BAD Punishingly long and slow in parts.
GOOD Director Chris Columbus and company have done a stand-out job of capturing the imagination if not the detail of those books.
FAIR ...provides wondrous surprises around every turn.
FAIR I still don't understand how J.K. Rowling could have made such obscene gobs of cash off of such a simple and overwrought premise ... I'll stick with LORD OF THE RINGS
FAIR An effort that is full of gosh-wow moments.
BAD There are many things to make fun of here.
BAD From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
BAD The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
BAD Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure? You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
BAD One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
BAD There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
BAD The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never generates enough tension due to preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
BAD Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time. It's not merely bad; it's unpleasant in a hostile way.
BAD Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
BAD There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
BAD If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
BAD A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
BAD Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
BAD Blame this mess on Travolta.
BAD If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
BAD The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
BAD This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
BAD AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS! IT BURNS!
BAD Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
BAD It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
BAD finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
BAD Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
BAD O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
GOOD The story is a touch simplistic, but Petersen's direction is assured and children will be dazzled by the imaginative effects and stunning sets.
GOOD Here is a little adventure that fed on our uncultivated need to think, and wonder. It gave many of us our first taste of cinematic possibility.
GOOD The NeverEnding Story remains a testament to the power of imagination and the type of inventive cinema that was possible in a pre-digital era.
FAIR All in all, The Neverending Story is a silly fantasy movie that often shows its age, but as a kids' movie it still has enough exciting action and you-can-do-it attitude to earn itself a place in a family's DVD collection.
BAD This was sweet and charming at the time but now it just lacks either the comedy or sophistication of kids' fantasy film that we've all become accustomed to.
GOOD Only a certified grump could dislike this engaging fantasy that wends its way into the imagination and is a delight on most levels.
FAIR It's very hard not to give in to The Neverending Story's heart-in-the-right-place charms amidst an increasingly anti-literate society. [Blu-ray]
FAIR ...has enough charm, delight, and wonder going for it to entertain most youngsters, and that's all that matters.
GOOD Magical storytelling targeted at children still fascinates.
GOOD Even better if you never see the sequels.
FAIR The world of this movie looks like a very particular place, and the art direction involved a lot of imagination.
FAIR An enjoyable departure from both Das Boot and Kajagoogoo.
FAIR An above-average children's flick with interesting characters and an imaginative premise.
BAD The 'NeverEnding' part of the title is certainly accurate.
FAIR Nowhere near as good as the book, but not bad for the kids.
GOOD Classic fantasy, full of wonderful creatures and characters.
GOOD A shining moment in Science-Fiction Fantasy. Does it get any better?
GOOD One of a scant few true Fantasy masterpieces.
BAD A decent fantasy, but anyone who's read the book will be sorely disappointed at didn't make it into the adaptation.
BAD This fantasy tale drags incredibly despite its relatively short running time.
GOOD ...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
GOOD Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
GOOD A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilizacao da narrativa sao facilmente constataveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
FAIR The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
GOOD The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
FAIR The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
BAD The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
GOOD First-class entertainment.
FAIR ...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
GOOD fantastic
GOOD The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
GOOD The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
FAIR Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics. And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
GOOD The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not drown out the human interest.
GOOD the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
BAD The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
BAD [Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
FAIR The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
FAIR Marvelous!
GOOD The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
GOOD Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
GOOD Harry Potter's adventures in wizard-land are cozy and comfortable in Chris Columbus' faithful adaptation.
GOOD This faithful rendition of the inaugural Potter book demonstrates that the franchise is in safe, sensible hands.
FAIR Slow, but it establishes the myth, the cast and the look. And it's holding up surprisingly well.
FAIR Although it suffers nominally from being over-stuffed and under-paced, it's grand and involving, with magnificent production design and special effects, and some fabulous thesps present and correct.
GOOD First Potter movie is a magical ride but also intense.
GOOD a fantastic beginning
FAIR Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Zoe Wanamaker and Maggie Smith, to name but a few, all put in an appearance and it is these old hands who are the best aspect of the film.
FAIR Suffering from too much fantasy over too little reality, Sorcerer's Stone sets Harry Potter up for a longer and fruitful career as a screen legend.
FAIR Because the film is so glossy, so flippant in its presentation of the world that author J.K. Rowling has spent her sizable novels dissecting, that I still don't have a good idea what all the fuss is about.
GOOD Even though a few of the book's scenes have been cut, fans probably couldn't hope for a better adaptation. It bodes well for the rest of the series, when strong stories start taking precedence over set-up.
GOOD I couldn't find one mis-step, one wrong move, or one disappointment in the transition from print to celluloid.
GOOD The special effects aren't overwhelming and the ideas aren't too far-fetched, but the story will reel in just about anybody.
GOOD A sense of loss accompanied my appreciation of the movie. The images created by my own imagination...will now be changed forever.
FAIR Though generally overrated, it's a good start to what will undoubtedly become an epic film franchise.
BAD A Xerox copy of the book, and a copy is never as good as the original.
GOOD Full of well-designed atmospheric charm, full of wondrous, expensive effects and mediocre-at-best acting, full of media hype and holiday-season merchandising opportunities.
GOOD Surefire crowd-pleaser, with a terrific, note-perfect cast and impressive use of special effects.
FAIR Faithful to book, film conjures up magical moments for fans to savor.
FAIR A superior, well crafted blockbuster for the whole family, but it's nowhere near as extraordinary as the hype surrounding it.
GOOD Sorcerer's Stone is that rare effort that successfully breathes cinematic life into a children's classic.
GOOD An admirable spectacle, a real thriller for the kids and the kid in all of us, but ... straightforward and workmanlike.
FAIR As directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film with no personality of its own, despite being filled with many unforgettable personalities.
GOOD A parte tecnica de Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal e impecavel.
FAIR ...certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination.
FAIR Great fun, even if it's not a particularly good movie.
BAD At no point does this dual-timeline setup ever feel like one unified project -- the aesthetics of mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
FAIR I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
GOOD The surprise isn't spectacular set pieces, first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast. It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
FAIR Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
GOOD Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
GOOD X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
FAIR It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
BAD The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
GOOD Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
GOOD The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
FAIR Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
GOOD Here's the thing about comic book heroes. Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression... The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
FAIR If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't supposed to be as good as this genre film that is full of both grandeur and fun.
GOOD It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
GOOD ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
GOOD A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
FAIR Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should its audience.
BAD This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
FAIR Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
FAIR If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
BAD I cannot recommend the film to anyone not firmly grounded in X-MEN lore
FAIR With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
GOOD In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
GOOD It lives. It breathes. It has a sense of humor. It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
FAIR the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
FAIR The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
FAIR It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker. If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
GOOD That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
FAIR Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
GOOD Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" is (1) a terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to. The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' is a cheerier film than 'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie is lovely to look at; it just hasn't much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land is one sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor. Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't grow up comes off like a shrill, obnoxious little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't really care. They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version (no more racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't try to top itself, knock us over or dazzle critics. And Return to Never Land doesn't even try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR Miyazaki's appreciation of miraculous possibilities and childhood visions is what drives Totoro.
GOOD ...a clarion call for the legitimacy of imagination - not only in stories, but in the real world.
GOOD A beautifully observed film that has become a guaranteed charmer for all ages.
GOOD Not as complex or tense as Spirited Away (Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, released 13 years later). Still, few things are.
GOOD Despite the cuteness, there's little in the way of icky sentiment - indeed the spectre of death hangs over the story - but it's a captivating world you won't want to come home from.
GOOD Perfect. Simple as.
GOOD An otherworldly tale of childhood and a definitive work of imagination.
GOOD One of the best animated films ever made for families: it celebrates feminine sensitivity, the importance of the spirit world, respect for nature, and the pre-eminence of the spiritual practice of kindness.
GOOD A soft, approachable film, about simple, peaceful emotions and characters. That may sound unambitious, but it is the most ambitious thing of all.
GOOD Visually arresting and consistently compelling, this movie is magical.
GOOD Miyazaki is a genius.
GOOD The painted backgrounds are lush, realistic, and full of luxuriant foliage. The character animation, while stiff by Disney standards, is appropriate to the characters and expressive enough to bring them to life for the audience.
GOOD The beauty of My Neighbor Totoro is its simplicity. It's a warm and friendly story that just made me feel good after watching it.
GOOD A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not such a bad thing, really.
GOOD A sensibilidade ao retratar os personagens, a magia do universo concebido por Miyazaki e a qualidade impecavel da animacao fazem deste filme um classico instantaneo.
GOOD Showcases Miyazaki's delightful iconography of spirits, demons, and wood sprites at its most gentle.
GOOD A welcome antidote to the US cultural imperialism of countless inferior Disney sell-thru videos . . .
GOOD Wonderfully entertaining animation.
GOOD one of the most accomplished and important children's films ever made.
GOOD It's Miyazaki's finest work! It's the best film of 1988! It's the best animated feature ever made!
GOOD My Neighbor Totoro is more than a fairy tale; it is an engaging story which uses fantasy sparingly.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
FAIR "Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
FAIR Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
BAD Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game. Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted. Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
BAD This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles. The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
BAD ...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
BAD The movie feels mediocre. It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
BAD Pijesak vremena nije film koji &#263;e gledateljima dugo ostati u sje&#263;anju, to i ne mora automatski zna&#269;iti da je lo
BAD All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure). [Blu-ray]
FAIR While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, it's also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of. My kids loved it.
FAIR The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
BAD Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
BAD Cliquez pour lire la critique...
FAIR It isn't that the film is bad, it's just that it's so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
BAD The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
BAD And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies? Yeesh.
BAD Hay en esta version cinematografica del video juego cierto espiritu clasico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones. Solo que El Principe de Persia dificilmente se convierta
BAD Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
FAIR Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
FAIR ... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
BAD I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters. Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
BAD Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
BAD Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal. Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
FAIR So comeca a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu obvio subtexto (politico) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridiculos personagens.
FAIR It plays too much like a video game.
BAD Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
BAD I don't understand how a film with a budget exceeding $150 million could only have mediocre special effects.
FAIR Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
FAIR It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot. Luckily, that doesn't happen too often.
BAD its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
FAIR Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
FAIR Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers. A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
BAD "Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
FAIR The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
FAIR Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times. Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
GOOD Star Trek Into Darkness still manages to be an even more enjoyable film than its precursor.
GOOD The effects are exhilarating, even in these jaded post-3D days, and there are enough action set-pieces, humour and character development to distract from a plot that isn't exactly sci-fi's final frontier.
FAIR J.J. Abrams' Star Trek Into Darkness is a bigger and much louder sequel, which sacrifices brains and character building for expensive spectacle.
FAIR Cumberbatch, with his otherworldly aura of menace and basso profundo rumble of voice, makes a worthy and memorable Big Bad in the annals of Trek lore.
FAIR Not as audacious or exciting as its predecessor but this sequel is still a fun summer ride.
FAIR ...a terminally perfunctory followup that just barely gets the job done...
BAD Far from going where no one has gone before, this Star Trek is only interested in retreating along its old tracks.
BAD Either reinvent or stick to the source material, don't try to have your fun both ways. It doesn't work.
FAIR ... a summer film that dimly reminds viewers of what it used to be - and could be again - while still being little more than a rollercoaster ride.
GOOD There's really very little to complain about in this warp-speed sequel.
GOOD so enjoyable that it becomes easy to forget that virtually everything in the film is a riff or spin on something we (including only casual Star Trek fans) have already seen
FAIR Moment to moment, it's as entertaining, rousing and visually impressive as any recent science-fiction action epic, but the script is cratered with illogical motivations and plot holes large enough to swallow Classic Trek's Doomsday Machine.
GOOD Even old-school Trekkers will enjoy this voyage.
GOOD J.J. Abrams' sequel is smart, fun, witty, essential sci-fi.
FAIR It feels a little "been there, done that" but it still entertains.
GOOD Maintaining its reverence for the source material while employing an exuberant and clever script with one heck of a plot twist, Star Trek: Into Darkness is great fun and a more than worthy successor to the excellent first film.
GOOD Set phasers for fun with this blockbuster.
GOOD One of the attributes this sequel to the prequel has going for it is a villain whose threat to mankind requires no prosthetics and/or makeup to freeze you in your seat.
FAIR I like this movie a lot, but the part with the tribble was totally stupid.
FAIR Do we boldly go where no man has gone before? From a plot standpoint, the answer is a resounding no, but that doesn't mean that its is a boring retread of past storylines. It's an energetic, thrilling mash-up of past storylines.
FAIR Action set pieces interrupt with sonic booms, like clockwork, whenever the character development lasts more than a few minutes.
GOOD a complex plot that manages to balance character writing with slam-bang action sequences
FAIR You don't have to be totally immersed in Trekkie lore to follow "Into Darkness," but a bit of basic Trek 101 would at least shed a little guiding light.
FAIR It's definitely a fun action movie, but I'm ready for these films to boldly go in their own direction, instead of hanging on to the originals.
FAIR I was comforted to see a warp drive spacecraft could be kickstarted like a 1912 Buick, and we were treated to not one but two desperate uses of the fabled "manual override."
BAD At its best, Star Trek Into Darkness is Cumberbatch; at its worst, it's cumbersome.
FAIR A safe sequel which, while certainly engaging and entertaining enough to recommend, fails to live up to the franchise's daring, appointed mission 'to boldly go where no man has gone before.'
GOOD Like the Vulcan IDIC, it is infinite diversity in infinite combinations, allowing for surprise as tropes regroup and characters react in accordance with what we've come to expect from them, but with refreshing twists.
GOOD Pine and Quinto have grown into their roles and seem much more assured than four years ago. Quinto is especially impressive. This could be the best Star Trek movie of them all.
GOOD While it doesn't quite reach the giddy heights of its 2009 predecessor, this new picture is terrific popcorn entertainment, the sort of bright, brawny blockbuster that used to define the summer movie season.
FAIR Action-packed Star Trek sequel has good story, characters.
FAIR For the most part, the film is a carbon copy of the last one, in both its strengths and weaknesses.
GOOD The new Star Trek film by wunderkind director JJ Abrams is much, much better than his much-lauded 2009 Trek reboot. It had to be...Abrams has packed together a ripping, morally complex, highly intelligent story with some truly awe-striking visuals.
FAIR The best tear-pumpers are the simplest: the passing mention of a starship called the USS Bradbury, or Kirk helplessly extending his arm to a crewman falling past him to his death.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no easy watching to be gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
FAIR More a daffy comedy than a true newspaper movie.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
BAD Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
GOOD Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
GOOD Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
FAIR Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
FAIR Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
GOOD Truly enchanting.
GOOD [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
GOOD If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
FAIR The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
GOOD What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
GOOD To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
BAD Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
GOOD "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
FAIR It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
FAIR Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
FAIR If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
GOOD An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
GOOD "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
GOOD masterful and unique
GOOD It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
GOOD This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
GOOD A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
GOOD The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
GOOD The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
GOOD Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
GOOD Six stunningly animated fairy tales with a few mild scares
FAIR It is so gentle and whimsical that one wonders if American children, accustomed to the whiz-bang action of most animation, will accept it.
FAIR Six mostly engaging fairy tales are digitally rendered with silhouetted characters performing in front of vivid, colorful backgrounds.
FAIR Has ... eye-bending backgrounds but a creatively monochromatic foreground that comes to feel like a limitation.
FAIR The kaleidoscopic backgrounds offer a colorful counterpoint to the simple silhouettes that form the people, animals, and mythical beasts populating the six fables, each of which end with a ironic twist.
GOOD More likely to play well with older children, due to its split-up story line, Ocelot's creation is like nothing else they are likely to see animating the multiplex.
FAIR The narratives - involving princesses, sorcerers, dragons, talking animals - are familiar. But Mr. Ocelot invigorates them with lyricism ...
FAIR The film feels naive for an audience that's ready for some harder truths.
FAIR The recent cartoons of Michel Ocelot cleverly advance Lotte Reiniger's prototypical stop-motion technique into the digital age.
FAIR It's sweet but earthbound.
FAIR Tales Of The Night may be computer-animated, but its style is antique.
FAIR It's charming enough and the soundtrack has obviously been put together with care.
FAIR The pick-and-mix approach is limiting, but there's no denying these are gorgeous amuse-bouches, likely to be devoured by older, more discerning children and dyed-in-the-wool stoners alike.
FAIR The six folk-like tales featuring dragons, witch doctors and a talking horse have a whimsical charm and are beautifully designed but - watched all at once - may leave younger children fidgeting.
GOOD A uniquely joyful experience from a true original.
BAD While the youngsters to whom the stories are aimed won't take long to get the fidgets, older viewers will undoubtedly appreciate the scenery a tad longer before joining them.
FAIR While some of them do drag, older kids could well fall for these magical, timeless tales.
GOOD Michel Ocelot's ravishing animation and magical storytelling is a delight from start to finish.
GOOD Shot through with romance and glimpses of the kind of silly humour that made A Town Called Panic (2009) so popular, children and adults should be kept quite happy by this solid, intelligent family film.
FAIR "It's just so overflowing with ideas and characters that the main point it's trying to make nearly eludes it."
FAIR Richard Curtis' movies are classics but this one is not.
BAD It never once questions our protagonist's manipulation of time and people, and seems to think one can enjoy a life of true happiness...built upon some pretty serious lies. Creepy, actually.
GOOD There are those who, upon finding a plot hole in a film, allow it to ruin the movie. I'm not among them.'About Time' is flawed, with numerous plot holes. But it's beautifully told, wonderfully acted and touching enough to bring viewers to tears.
GOOD This complete charmer of a movie delighted me from start to finish. In fact, About Time may well be the two most purely pleasurable hours I've spent in the cinema all year.
FAIR In the end, it's a charmer. For those of you who have liked Curtis' previous rom-coms, come along for a lovely joyride...
FAIR Typical Richard Curtis fare, with a time travel twist.
GOOD Brilliantly written and well directed by Curtis (this is his third film behind the camera), "About Time" is just another jewel in his crown as the reigning romantic comedy king.
FAIR It's about time so it's a bit convoluted. It's too long but not a bad rom-com.
FAIR About Time is a solid tale about love, loss, and family with great performances - that leans on a compelling but sometimes problematic time-travel premise.
FAIR It's sweet and charming and utterly preposterous and, despite the trailers, it's not as much of a love story as you might think. Or at least, not that kind of love story.
GOOD It's smart and sweet and unabashedly sentimental. But it's also the kind of movie that - in spite of its faults - strikes a bright, resonant wind-chime of a note.
BAD Eventually undone both by the flimsiness of its own sci-fi conceit and by Curtis' struggle to build fully realized characters other than Tim.
BAD For all its little pleasures, About Time just adds a level of magical realism to his typical themes that doesn't make love feel any more magical or any more real.
FAIR In addition to its sharp/sweet dialogue, the movie's success rests with the radiant dorkiness of leads Gleeson and McAdams, as well as the quirky supporting cast.
GOOD The wisdom in Richard Curtis' film is simple and sentimental. But it's still wisdom.
FAIR There's a lot of comic and fantasy potential here, but much of it gets squandered.
FAIR Funny & Sweet
GOOD ...one of the best movies of its type to come around in a great long while.
GOOD One of those movies that we often hear "isn't really science fiction because it's about people" but the time travel element gets us to the truths Curtis wants to reveal.
FAIR You may as well check your cynicism at the door, because Curtis & Co. are going to find a way to trample all over it - adorably.
BAD With more attention to detail, this could have worked, but the time travel aspects are so badly executed that the movie as a whole falters and eventually rips apart at the seams.
FAIR As long as [Curtis] doesn't make any more films about radio stations on boats then he and I are going to get along fine until one of us dies
FAIR The characters are really loveable and their relationships are delightfully old-fashioned and touching.
FAIR It's been a while since I've seen a film as unabashedly and forcibly sentimental as Richard Curtis's About Time.
GOOD About Time is writer/director Richard Curtis campaigning the audience to cherish every single second of our fleeting existence. Yes we can.
FAIR Later, the film's message reveals itself to be: "Live every day as though it had a soundtrack by Coldplay." Take that, and the rest of the film, as cynically or as idealistically as you choose.
BAD It's all so perfect and sparkly that Curtis would rather not break the mood with drama or plot.
GOOD It almost ignores its central time travel concept and instead focuses on an unbridled joy in love. Can that get too sweet and sugary? Of course, but sometimes a dose of sweet and sugary is perfectly welcome.
GOOD Rachel McAdams and a captivating performance by romantic lead Domhnall Gleeson, a nice time warp story, and wonderful music; who could ask for anything more?
GOOD The movie moves episodically, leisurely, through roughly a decade, and that feels like a gift: to nestle in with these extraordinary, ordinary people and get to know them.
FAIR At once cuddly, entertaining and shameless.
BAD A soap opera of babies, poignant moments, minor crises, and lessons about savouring each day.
GOOD The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
GOOD Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours. The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels. Down time doesn't exist in this film.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
GOOD The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all. It transcends the genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
GOOD Does it match the hype? Yes.
GOOD At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
GOOD Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
GOOD If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
GOOD Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events. Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
GOOD [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
GOOD Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
GOOD The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
GOOD It's not just the best Batman film ever. It's not just the best superhero movie ever. It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in. The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
GOOD a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
GOOD Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
GOOD It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves. Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel. By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
GOOD The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
GOOD Visceral and terrifying.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
GOOD Even if this wasn't Ledger's final role before his untimely death last year, his Joker would still go down in cinema history as one of the most creepily unhinged big-screen bad guys of all time.
GOOD More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
GOOD You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start. In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
GOOD Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
GOOD Bring on part three.
GOOD To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value. Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
GOOD Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
GOOD In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
GOOD It not only surpasses Batman Begins - previously considered the high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept. 11 film.
BAD ...it's rather stunning to note that a North American studio thought that this garbage heap of a movie was worth releasing on home video.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't really matter that much as this is really a vehicle for the amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative. Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD Chris Carter had the daunting task of pleasing fans of the show, while at the same time not alienating those new to it. It's a balancing act that he mostly achieved, but in the end it's probably best enjoyed by those who are already fans.
BAD I want to believe this latest X-Files film was created for a reason other than financial reward, but I find it difficult to guess at what that reason might have been.
FAIR ...lives up to the standard set by its small-screen predecessor's superb early seasons.
BAD Some fans will be pleased, others annoyed and endless online discussion will be generated, while X virgins will most likely wonder what all the fuss is about.
BAD One big, vaguely ominous blur, in which nothing really seems to be at stake except Chris Carter's future as a movie creator.
FAIR If you watch the show religiously, you've probably already seen it this weekend.
BAD A huge disappointment.
GOOD It's a great way to relieve the anxiety that the series' endless mysteries have built.
FAIR The sci-fi action movie probably has little to offer those not already hooked on the series. Trust me.
FAIR What UFO conspiracy movie would be complete without a scene of the heroes running through a cornfield with helicopters chasing them?
GOOD This movie is thrilling and delightfully complex.
GOOD The whole enterprise is constructed of equal parts brains and heart -- and the end result shows a high degree of commitment and affection.
FAIR The X-Files isn't likely to go down in history as as great sci-fi flick, but it harbors enough good fun to qualify as a jolt of sprightly, brainless summer entertainment.
FAIR I never thought I'd come to write this: this is movie isn't Hollywood enough.
BAD It can't decide whether it wants to satisfy those with an obsessive special interest or those looking for a spectacle, and I can't decide if it will satisfy either.
BAD Had the creator of The X-Files set out to prove that tiny theorem, he couldn't have done a better job.
FAIR David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are enormously sympathetic heroes.
FAIR The paradox of both the show and the movie is that, like its investigative protagonists, it is both hysterically paranoid and rigorously rational.
BAD Who hasn't walked into a movie late and tried desperately to catch up with the plot, to make sense of what's on the screen?
BAD funny and edgy and absorbing
FAIR Both Duchovny and Anderson are much better here, as they actually exhibit more personality and charm and less of the one-note mumbling that plagues their TV performances.
FAIR One of the more interesting summer adventures to come along.
BAD Instead of living up to the hype that the truth would be revealed, the truth was buried and I'm not even interested in looking for it further.
FAIR One of the season's more lightly enjoyable mainstream offerings.
FAIR As pure movie, The X-Files more or less works. As a story, it needs a sequel, a prequel, and Cliff Notes.
GOOD I'm a huge devotee of the series, so it's a little tough to be objective, but I think the movie is self-contained enough not to confuse those who aren't.
FAIR Despite its complexity, it is fun to watch the story unfold.
FAIR No better, indeed no different, than a two-hour special on TV would have been.
FAIR The labyrinthine plot got so outlandish at times that our audience started laughing at it.
FAIR It's really not worth going into the performances of Duchovny and Anderson. Basically, they act intense, surprised and smart.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever. It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again. But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD Extremely violent, extremely preposterous, extremely entertaining, The Matrix succeeds at two extremely difficult tasks: as a vast, exciting virtual-reality movie and as a defibrillator for Keanu Reeves' big screen career.
GOOD The Matrix is a movie experience like no other, and experience is what it's all about. It explodes with dazzling visuals and a transcendent sense of excitement.
GOOD Thematically complex, yet intelligently integrating eastern philosophy, Lewis Carroll and ancient mysticism.
GOOD Writer/director siblings the Wachowskis have gone further with the action genre than you'd have ever thought possible.
FAIR The Wachowskis and cinematographer Bill Pope take advantage of currently available technical trickery to create visually distinct levels of reality while setting high-speed cameras in motion to make the action sequences particularly dynamic and fluid.
GOOD Intense, but many teens will be able to handle it.
FAIR Exemplifies the idea that a sufficiently cool outcome justifies all of the tortured narrative it takes to get there.
FAIR The original Matrix stands perfectly well on its own, despite the fact that the filmmakers went on with second and third episodes.
GOOD Dimension-hopping has never been so exhilarating and breathlessly lyrical as brilliant visuals and bracing Hong Kong action stunts punch through lengthy streams of technobabble.
FAIR The paranoid details of the premise are thoroughly worked out; the characters and motives, much less so.
FAIR There is no denying that fact that the Wachowski Brothers have amazing imagination and vision. They direct the film with non-stop style and imbue each scene with enough eye-candy to make you stop noticing the gaping plot holes and lapses in logic.
FAIR An inventive science fiction idea that rivals the brilliant thinking behind such movies from last year as Dark City and The Truman Show.
GOOD It's incredible.
GOOD If you're curious where the next generation of auteurs is coming from, look in the art houses and look in The Matrix.
GOOD As Morpheus says, "The Matrix is everywhere."
GOOD All I can say is wow.
GOOD 'The Matrix grabs you by the eyeballs, hypnotizes you into a state of visual ecstasy, and doesn't much care if your brain is following or not.'
GOOD A terrifically entertaining and satisfying production.
FAIR This film is triumph of style over substance.
FAIR The problem with The Matrix is that the enormously talented Wachowski brothers think their playful premise has metaphysical implications.
GOOD The story is so smart and full of surprises, you may begin to wonder what the Super Mario Brothers would have been like if they had used their brains to save the day.
FAIR For those who have been waiting for movies to catch up with the graphic possibilities of comic books, wait no longer: The Matrix is among us.
GOOD Almost untenably cool, but beneath the sheen there's substance.
FAIR The imagery in the first hour of The Matrix is astounding.
GOOD Revolutionary sci-fi fable pits kung fu against evil robots.
GOOD If there has to be a quintessential film for the end of the millennium, this is it.
GOOD An ambitious, perception-bending metaphor for life at the end of the 20th century. It doesn't always make sense, but it seems to make sense, which is the key thing in science fiction.
GOOD Una fotografia interesante, un guion inteligente, actuaciones convincentes, una historia trepidante, un soundtrack fuerte y bien realizado
FAIR The film never really bloats or sags, and remains utterly pleasurable throughout its entire running time.
GOOD Hilarious, fast, funny, fresh fun for the family.
GOOD Galaxy Quest works not just as a parody or a send-up of a type of film. It works as a basic space adventure as well.
GOOD While gently spoofing the old Star Trek series and honoring it, Galaxy Quest creates and inhabits its own uniquely lovable universe.
GOOD An enormously entertaining pop-culture ride.
FAIR A hilarious spoof of Trek and Trek fandom. While Galaxy Quest could have easily taken potshots at geeks, rather the film acts as more of a celebration of these sometimes misguided devotees.
GOOD A sparkling blend of sci-fi and comedy that affectionately spoofs every Star Trek cliche known to man, Romulan, or Klingon.
GOOD Relentlessly pokes fun at the rabid fans of sci-fi geekdom and the has-been actors that they deify . . . yet gives the geeks and has-beens get a chance to become real heroes
GOOD Even if you've never seen a Gene Roddenberry creation, it's still a hoot.
GOOD Star Trek spoof boldly mocks where no one has mocked before.
FAIR An irresistibly silly, fluffy, giddy bit of fun.
FAIR The idea of actors being mistaken for their roles was used in "The Three Amigos," but "Galaxy Quest" mines the comic potential better.
FAIR Boldly going where few parodies have gone before.
GOOD A cleverly written spoof-adventure that more than rises to the occasion. Not only are the jokes dead-on, but the story and characters actually work as a decent sci-fi movie, complete with superior special effects, a grisly villain and even romance.
GOOD The entire cast is game for the ridiculous, while Stan Winston's aliens and ILM visual effects give this the gloss of a straight-faced sci-fi spectacle. Beam on up.
FAIR See it, enjoy it, and remind yourself why having fun is never a crime.
FAIR A one-joke movie that makes such good use of its one joke that it almost demands a kind of grudging admiration.
GOOD I'm still laughing.
GOOD A very funny science fiction and Trekkie spoof.
FAIR An amiable comedy that simultaneously manages to spoof these popular futuristic space adventures and replicate the very elements that have made them so durable.
FAIR In many ways, Galaxy Quest is more fantasy than science fiction. It's a lighthearted romp.
FAIR The movie's humor works best when the illogic of the TV show gets in the way.
GOOD We really come to care about the characters.
FAIR Surprisingly funny, even heartwarming.
GOOD Galaxy Quest the movie is such a thrill for true fans of Trek and the like because while it does look a bit askance at fandom, it doesn't satirize fans and the objects of their adoration so much as celebrate them.
FAIR Director Dean Parisot is willing to go more than ten seconds between gags. While this reduces the number of laughs, it substitutes quality for quantity.
FAIR Its affectionate, lighthearted laughs add a little sparkle to the holiday schedule.
FAIR A surprisingly funny comedy. Fans of the original Star Trek will be the ones who enjoy most of the film's in-jokes. But, there's something humorous in here for everyone.
FAIR Sometimes the lamest ideas translate into the funniest films, and Galaxy Quest is a perfect example of this strange paradox.
FAIR It's as bad as you would imagine, and yet it's as good as it could possibly be.
BAD It's not that the film says, explicitly, 'science is bad and girls shouldn't be scientists'. It is much odder than that.
FAIR A few tense scenes add drama to family and friendship tale.
FAIR The artwork and backgrounds are so wonderful you could care less whether it's fairies onscreen or bullfrogs.
BAD Silly and glittery, with bog-standard animation, but efficient entertainment for the tweenie demographic.
FAIR The animation is crisp, if a touch generic, the voice cast convincing and the story wholesome without cloying too much.
FAIR Normal paint-and-brush animation. Normal Hollywood fairies, looking like Barbie and sounding like Valley High school graduates.
GOOD The humour, the pathos, the tension - even the blooming soundtrack - all conspire to ensure that the tale of a teenager traveling back 30 years to ensure his parents meet and ultimately mate can, given its vintage, now be fairly described as a classic.
GOOD Zemeckis and Gale... give us two priceless scenes in which the young time-traveler simply regards his parents-to-be with wonderment, delight and empathy. And we cannot help but share that emotion and relate it to our own lives.
GOOD It was, is and always will be a true Hollywood classic.
GOOD Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
GOOD '80s time-travel favorite has laughs, romance, action.
GOOD an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
GOOD Back to the Future is one of the best popcorn movies ever made. It's ingenuity, time-traveling twist ups and wonderfully vibrant characters resonate in ways few films ever achieve.
GOOD A little more sophistication would have been no bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.
GOOD Delightful and sophisticated to a degree beyond the dreams of today's movies in similar vein.
GOOD Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.
GOOD The counter-Freudian drama is handled with easy wit and flair, like a Shakespearian disguise comedy, and it made a whopping star of Fox.
GOOD This irresistible combination of dazzling effects and sly comedy propelled Michael J Fox to stardom and Robert Zemeckis to the front rank of Hollywood directors.
GOOD This film is WASTED on kids.
GOOD Boasts probably the tightest screenplay of any film in Zemeckis's body of work.
GOOD Thompson's funny, carnal performance forces us all to face an ugly truth: once, our moms might have been prowling teens too.
GOOD Probably the most carefully-scripted blockbuster in Hollywood history.
GOOD To put it bluntly: if you don't like Back To The Future, it's difficult to believe that you like films at all.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis's direction, like the technical contributions, is first-rate, and after an ambling start takes off into frenetic, non-stop fun.
GOOD An unqualified success, boasting an incredibly sharp screenplay and tons of appeal.
GOOD A classic adventure that holds up perfectly today.
GOOD Technically, no film is impossible to like, but this techno-romantic comedy comes about as close as you can get.
FAIR An unusual time travel flick about a gifted match-maker.
FAIR Part II was better, but that's just me. The first one is a fun romp too.
GOOD One of the most purely entertaining blockbusters of the 1980s
GOOD One of the best of the 1980s comedies. A career highlight for Michael J. Fox.
GOOD infectiously silly and fun time-travel comedy. Lloyd and Fox are a great team.
GOOD Probably the most fun Zemeckis has given the world. It's okay, I'm paying him a compliment.
GOOD A hilarious romp of time travel, sentimentality and, surprisingly, some genuine suspense
BAD Too cute, too clever, too damn smug.
GOOD One of the best film's ever made. Romantic, Funny, Action-Packed and Vivacious. Michael J.Fox and Christopher Lloyd are amazing.
GOOD I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not refrain my feeling that this is a bona fide masterpiece.
GOOD A masterpiece!
GOOD Great performances, clever concept, deft direction, lotsa laughs, and some real heart & soul. A true Popcorn Classic.
GOOD Few movies have reached this level of light comic perfection. It's the perfect blend of the novelty of the 1950's and the comic angst of adolescence.
FAIR one-half a very bad movie and one-half a very good movie
GOOD Sure, [Back to the Future II] has a clunky first act - which takes place in a hilariously overblown futuristic society - but the film knows just how, and when, to entertain us, and it does so in spades.
FAIR Lackluster yet benign time-travel sequel.
GOOD Taken as a pair, the first two films ask a number of unresolved and unresolvable questions about causality, order, and intention; and taken as a pair, they're also a hell of a lot of fun.
FAIR The one thing the film got right was the crushed effect the media's growing omnipresence has had on human existence.
FAIR See website for more details.
FAIR Solidly entertaining.
BAD An ambitious film that fails to recreate the warmth or excitment of the first Back To The Future.
FAIR There are definitely aspects of laziness to the script--jokes which haven't been fully considered, simpleminded characterizations, subplots which have no life outside of the narrative--but at the same time the movie has a spirit of exploration and daring,
FAIR The film works best through its magnificent technical achievements (the visual effects received an Oscar nomination) and the inherent charm of Fox, Lloyd and, especially, the delightfully menacing Thomas F. Wilson.
GOOD The relatively quaint and simple time travel arc from BTTF gets far more confusing and, in some ways, more fulfilling.
BAD A weak, convoluted attempt to cash in on the original's charms.
GOOD It manages to be giddily and merrily mind-boggling rather than confusing.
FAIR Unfortunately, the story is not as novel or as funny the second time around.
GOOD Uneven but still enjoyable, delivers a darker scenario than the ending of the first film would imply.
BAD More frantic, noisy, and overproduced than funny
GOOD Doesn't surpass the original, but tosses a whole lot of gee-whiz gizmos and concepts at the screen. It's a whole lot of fun.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 2' e uma continuacao a altura do original e merece ser visto - antes que o velho Biff altere tudo novamente.
FAIR The film ultimately relies on too many cheesy make-up routines in which characters play their older (and female!) selves which makes it not exactly the best movie in this series.
GOOD The idea and the execution is so good that you could applaud.
FAIR The movie is fun, mostly because it's so screwy.
GOOD Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
FAIR avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
GOOD Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
FAIR Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
BAD It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
GOOD A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
GOOD A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
FAIR Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
FAIR Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us quite as much as the original.
GOOD Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
BAD Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
GOOD The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never got old.
FAIR The new film not only spoofs westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
FAIR Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy. Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
GOOD The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark. The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
FAIR It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
FAIR Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
GOOD Not as tremendous as the first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
GOOD An incredibly fascinating, star-making film that never fails to intrigue.
GOOD Donnie Darko is a bit like a teenager: brooding, complex, rebellious, and difficult to comprehend.
GOOD Maybe Richard Kelly's fate is to be the cult-film circuit's Michael Cimino. He has yet to match the mood or magnitude of his debut - a collision of time-travel sci-fi, commentary on '80s malaise and teen angst that's simultaneously witty and poignant.
GOOD The drowsy surrealism and elaborate inconclusiveness of Donnie Darko will simultaneously guarantee it a rabid cult and put it way off limits to the don't-get-its.
BAD You either love it or hate it. For those who loved it, I have only one word: overrated.c
GOOD Donnie Darko ranks among Gattaca, Pi and Dark City for pure imagination -- and surpasses them for astonishing execution.
GOOD If you believe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Anya, there's something very malevolent about bunnies.
GOOD Em seu longa-metragem de estreia, Richard Kelly prova ser nao apenas um roteirista repleto de imaginacao, mas tambem um diretor inteligente e talentoso - e Jake Gyllenhaal e um ator fascinante.
GOOD A mini-masterpiece that marks the arrival of brave new talents in Gyllenhaal and Kelly. Cult glory beckons.
FAIR An unnerving, electrifying debut film from 26-year-old writer/director Kelly, one that elucidates the universal traumas of growing up, but does so with a startling uncommonness.
FAIR You're either going to pay to see it twice or wonder what all the fuss is about.
GOOD No other movie I've seen has been able to capture that late '80's feel with such accuracy; as a result, Donnie Darko affects me like few other movies can.
GOOD Twisty, disturbing mix of John Hughes and James Cameron is an unsettling meditation on fate -- and the debut of a major talent.
GOOD A deceptive combination of all sorts of tones that seems like a stylistic jumble while keeping up a restrained front and never resorting to easy hyperactivity.
GOOD Dark, interesting and downright weird film that plays like a teen movie filtered through the work of David Lynch.
GOOD An astonishingly imaginative, poignant, genre-defying tale of teen love, insanity and time travel.
FAIR Donnie Darko promises a feast, but when the film ends, you are left only with the scraps.
GOOD This movie disappeared without a trace at the American box office in October last year, which is a shame.
GOOD An honest, humorous, bittersweet, disturbing look at the confusion of adolescence.
GOOD The movie is made up of odd parts that somehow go together perfectly. One of the most important films about teenagers ever.
BAD Unforgiveable then, unforgiveable now.
BAD It's mostly forced humor all the way, a movie that rarely measures up to adequate kitsch.
GOOD Goofy parody mocks the Star Wars series.
FAIR Ainda que nao consiga recapturar a acidez e a inteligencia de seus esforcos da primeira fase da carreira, Brooks consegue divertir gracas a algumas belas sacadas e ao simples conceito de Moranis como Dark Helmet.
FAIR This is possibly the last great film that Mel Brooks directed
FAIR Despite the dirty jokes hidden in plain sight ('Never underestimate the power of the Schwartz!'), Spaceballs is a PG-rated comedy that makes silliness sublime. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Mel Brooks trashes Star Wars; very funny
GOOD One of the few screwball comedies that everyone must experience at least once.
GOOD Brooks displays an obvious affection for the sci-fi stuff he's spoofing, which helps the laughs to flow forth a whole lot easier.
BAD Brooks jumped the shark with Spaceballs
GOOD at its best, plays like the action in Star Wars, awakening a sense of pure enjoyment of movies
GOOD Absurdist 'Star Wars' parody; Brooks at his near wildest
FAIR If it isn't likely to generate what Mr. Brooks himself refers to as 'Spaceballs II: The Search for More Money, neither is it anything less than gentle, harmless satire that occasionally has real bite.
BAD More proof that filmmaker Mel Brooks misplaced his sense of humor after the 1970s.
FAIR Before he was a hit on Broadway, Brooks made funny movies. This, unfortunately, was the last of them.
FAIR Too clever to dismiss, not funny enough to like
GOOD Mel Brooks at his madcap finest. A generation of 1980s kids worship the film.
BAD less funny than most of the movies it spoofs
FAIR The best shot is the opening shot of a giant ominous spaceship floating through space like in the opening shot in Star Wars with a bumper sticker proclaiming "We brake for no-one." Thereafter it doesn't get much better.
FAIR How do you review a movie like this, anyway? I guess by saying whether you laughed or not. I did laugh, but not enough to recommend the film.
FAIR It's silly and good natured.
GOOD It takes a particularly weird kind of sincerity to end a movie that has been for its entire running time an exploration of surfaces... with its most sublime and humane gesture.
GOOD A dark, philosophical sci-fi drama for older teens.
BAD ...a hopelessly overrated piece of work.
GOOD For all its armor of brutalizing urban dystopia (and, boy, is there a lot of that -- you could fund a war on terror with the fog- and rain-machine budgets alone), Blade Runner has a gooey center.
GOOD Probably close to being on par with Fritz Lang's Metropolis in terms of grandeur -- although of a stunningly different and far more unsettling kind.
GOOD The new version helped me see the soul because, ironically, this rendering is so much brighter. Noir or not, a film you can't see properly is a film you can't fully appreciate.
GOOD Though it's a triumph of visual futurism and an ornament to sci-fi cinema as well as to cinema in general, I resist it on some level.
GOOD Stylistically, Blade Runner is the Citizen Kane of sci-fi movies.
GOOD Scott's film may keep us at arm's length, but it holds us, too.
GOOD Blade Runner, which does not look one bit dated, envelops us so completely in its off-kilter, near-future world.
GOOD The changes are minor, but the overall effect is a much cleaner, more logical, and more organically flowing movie.
GOOD Blade Runner has only gotten better with time. Do yourself a favor and pass over anything new in theaters and go for this old classic, it still has the power to dazzle and amaze.
GOOD This definitive print should be the last little push that "Blade Runner" needs to complete its 25-year journey from box office failure to cult favorite to full-blown classic.
GOOD The film still represents the cutting edge of dark science fiction.
GOOD Blade Runner, in all its various, shimmering incarnations, is deathless.
GOOD Reviled on release, who would have thought that Ridley Scott's sci-fi noir would go on to become so influential and retrospectively acclaimed?
GOOD Twenty five years after its original release, the boldly titled and definitive-sounding Final Cut has arrived, and thankfully, it boasts editorial polishes and technical upheavals that'll have George Lucas dashing back to the cutting room.
GOOD Blade Runner: The Final Cut plays better now than ever.
GOOD Open the champagne: Blade Runner is finally just the way Ridley Scott wanted it. And it only took 25 years.
GOOD There are no plot-altering additions or subtractions. But the digitally spruced print is gorgeous to look at and listen to.
GOOD This is a seminal film, building on older classics like Metropolis or Things to Come, but establishing a pervasive view of the future that has influenced science fiction films ever since.
GOOD "Blade Runner" is no mere museum piece%u2013it continues to live and breathe in a manner unlike the vast majority of contemporary films, regardless of genre, and this is why it continues to resonate just as strongly as it did back in 1982.
GOOD Ridley Scott created a triumph of retro-futuristic design over narrative or character richness.
GOOD Blade Runner's ability to keep us enthralled, and keep us talking, 25 years later is the sure sign of a classic.
GOOD Not only is Blade Runner a relevant masterpiece that asks poignant questions about what it means to be human, but it also looks like it could have been made today.
GOOD Beg, borrow or steal a ticket to see it on the biggest screen you can find.
GOOD The opportunity to see one of the milestone visual achievements in a big hall with a giant screen is not to be missed. And even if you saw Blade Runner in a theater in 1982, this will be an entirely new experience.
FAIR Projected in digital format with booming, all-encompassing sound, Blade Runner: The Final Cut is a marvel of technology and dedication. As a film it's still the same dead-eyed pretty girl who looks good on your arm but is a real bore over dinner.
FAIR The style-over-substance Scott's only substantive text.
GOOD These days, it's almost impossible to find a gritty science fiction motion picture that doesn't owe at least a small debt to Blade Runner's visual style.
BAD It replaces the fascinating context of Freddie Krueger's existence with a seemingly endless exercise in violence and unrelenting pain.
BAD The real nightmare is the tragic lack of creativity in this new look of one of the genre's greatest characters.
BAD I still like the characters from the first film, and these kids were cardboard shadows of them.
BAD This Elm Street reeks of a rushed cash-grab, as even the most reliable of cliched shocks fail to register on the fright-o-meter.
BAD This flimsy remake is a nightmare and unworthy of your time.
FAIR Many people have already made the mistake of holding this film up to the original, expecting it to be just as good, but it just isn't. However, taken on its own, it's still an entertaining horror film and an interesting take on the material.
FAIR An homage to Craven's vision that is believably earnest in execution and completely faithful in spirit.
FAIR Mara and Gallner make an attractive couple on the lam and Haley, as Freddy Krueger, hams it up to an almost alarming degree.
BAD For fans of the Nightmare franchise, and slasher films in general, the new version does exactly what you want and not much more.
BAD This is even less inspired and imaginative than the Friday The 13th reboot and makes Rob Zombie's Halloween films feel like the work of an auteur.
BAD For a film about the dangers of falling asleep it tried damn hard to make the audience nod off.
BAD Like many horror fans, I approached viewing the recent remake of the post-slasher classic with extremely low expectations. Not low enough, though!
BAD ...it has nothing new to say and works with an original that didn't need remaking.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR Haley just ain't no Englund, no matter how much he tries.
BAD In this outing, however, Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer's screenplay pulls no punches about Freddy's vicious sadism and paedophilia and, seriously, there's no fun in that.
BAD Lo%u0161e odra%u0111ena indigo-kopija originala, od strane ne ba%u0161 iskusnog videospota%u0161a Samuela Bayera
BAD An expectedly worthless horror-movie remake from Michael Bay's production company...
BAD Compared to the flamboyance of Robert Englund in the 1980s, Jackie Earle Haley as the crazed Freddy Krueger is more lumbering man-child than demonic daddy.
BAD This is the worst yet from Michael Bay's horror production company Platinum Dunes, which also brought you rubbish re-makes of Halloween and Friday the 13th.
BAD Only a NIGHTMARE for fans of the franchise.
BAD Is there any movie franchise that cries out less for revisiting than A Nightmare on Elm Street?
BAD It's not a good film, but if you're feeling jaded and just want to watch a demonic killer pound his fist through the chest of some hapless, cardboard teenager, then this might just scratch that itch.
BAD Do not, let me repeat that, DO NOT, watch the new A Nightmare on Elm Street.
BAD It's the Bay touch you feel in the way actors register as body count, characters go undeveloped, and sensation trumps feeling. A nightmare, indeed.
BAD its primary effect is to leave you less thrilled than simply asking what's the point in remaking something if you can't improve on the original?
BAD To call the film patterned to fit would be a blazing understatement.
BAD A recurring Nightmare.
BAD It's all efficiently done and gory but director Samuel Bayer adds so little to the old familiar scare story that you wonder why they didn't just save a bob or two and reissue the Robert Englund original.
BAD Though no worse than the raft of terrible Elm Street sequels, this remake misses some of the surreal and anarchic low-budget energy Craven brought to his film (not to mention Johnny Depp).
BAD The nightmare on Elm Street is not how scary (or not) the film is, but how it destroys the franchise.
BAD Photocopies much of Wes Craven's original 1984 classic, but makes senseless changes that destroy the story's night-terror integrity.
BAD Caso existisse, Freddy Krueger poderia usar este filme como um otimo recurso para levar suas vitimas ao sono.
BAD The bottom line is that it isn't just Elm Street that's affected; you'll find a nightmare on any street that's housing a theater with the misfortune to be playing this monstrosity.
BAD We watch a bunch of twentysomething catalog-model types with last names for first names impersonate high schoolers who keep getting slashed up in their dreams.
BAD The idea that repressed or concealed knowledge of child abuse can emerge years later to traumatize victims and family members has rarely had more currency, but this slack remake is neither persuasive nor scary.
FAIR Does it matter that the plot is little more than a cynical, machine-tooled retread of the 1984 original? Debut director Samuel Bayer was not hired to dismantle the franchise but to shoot it afresh.
BAD Complete lack of imagination.
BAD Unadventurous, devoid of personality and completely lacking any semblance of imagination, Samuel Bayer's new Nightmare is a textbook exercise straight out of generic horror remakes 101.
BAD He's survived six sequels, a grudge match with Jason Voorhees and a terrible TV spin-off, but this remake may finally finish Freddy Krueger once and for all.
FAIR It's a very Kaufmanesque narrative experiment, technically ingenious and sophisticated. It also looks like some lost comedy idea by Philip K Dick; you could call this film We Can Forget It for You Retail.
GOOD This outing from Kaufman's oddball imagination is wonderfully intriguing, often touching and typically convoluted.
GOOD What follows will knock you silly, upending every single concept of storytelling that you're probably used to.
GOOD Kaufman's latest is a weird, visually woozy rom-com-in-reverse that charms, amuses and moves.
GOOD Imaginative, loopy romance is for adults only.
GOOD Most imaginative and impressively executed...
GOOD Kaufman and Gondry bring out all the weirdness of the premise, sometimes eliciting disbelieving laughter, sometimes taking us to odd, chilly places.
GOOD Walking into a theater with Charlie Kaufman on the screen is like volunteering for that wacky boat trip Willy Wonka took through the chocolate factory tunnel...
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is fresh, heartfelt and ultimately heartbreaking in its honest portrayal of a modern relationship.
FAIR The reality is that Hollywood is such an idea poor place Kaufman tends to get more credit than he deserves for work which only occasionally rises above the level of mind games and showy sleight of hand.
GOOD It is an enchanting clutter of love and reason that will only appeal to the audience willing to take the time to see the movie and then think about it later.
FAIR Romance was never this stark or twisted.
GOOD Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are perfectly cast in this movie, and Winslet's Oscar nomination was well-deserved. The writing, direction and acting are all top-notch.
GOOD The kind of movie that only gets better the more you think about it and I think it cries out for repeat viewings.
GOOD You won't soon forget this walk down memory lane. Actually, make that a RUN down memory lane.
GOOD Most Hollywood films tell us we have everything we need within ourselves. [This movie] indicates that we need each other, even ... when togetherness disrupts happiness.
GOOD An unusual one but a great one, it will have you asking questions about the true nature of love for some time afterwards.
GOOD Without a connection to the central relationship, all of Kaufman's musings and Gondry's visual frills would be for naught, but... it all fits into place.
GOOD Maybe this isn't for everyone, but it's so well written, directed, and acted that I found it beguiling, thought provoking entertainment.
GOOD Eternal Sunshine is undeniably ambitious filmmaking and a feather in this year's cap of indie movies
GOOD Es una de esas peliculas donde la risa, el humor, la locura y la emocion te producen, al final, ganas de salir y enamorarte.
GOOD Carrey gracefully paints the neuroses of a man who has no security or intimacy beyond the close grip of his gloomy knit hat.
GOOD Breaks the mold, harnessing some of the same energy and imagination to create a highly original love story.
GOOD ...un hilo conductor que juega con el espacio y el tiempo, construyendo y deconstruyendo una historia que solo puede ser entendida al estilo Kaufman...
GOOD Movies this brilliantly designed and executed are rarities.
GOOD Brilliantly original and ingeniously revolutionary, Gondry and Kaufman couldn't be better paired.
GOOD Capturing the joys and pains of romantic obsession as few filmmakers have before, Gondry and Kaufman have come up with a masterpiece.
GOOD Love must flourish in the heart and soul of every romantic and emerge without trepidation or doubt.
BAD The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part. It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
BAD Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
BAD I like Seth, you like Seth. We all like Seth. BADLY miscast, here. And so was the director.
FAIR A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
BAD This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
BAD There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution. This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
FAIR Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
BAD A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
BAD Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
BAD ...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
FAIR Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day. It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
GOOD For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor. No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
BAD Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience. The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them. Waltz is delightful.
FAIR Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Um longa que nao so desaponta pelo roteiro, mas tambem (e ai o choque e maior) pela direcao nada inspirada de seu realizador.
FAIR With Jager, it'd probably be a blast.
GOOD Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
BAD Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never terribly enjoyable.
FAIR Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
BAD One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
BAD For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
BAD They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role. Big mistake!
BAD His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1. Having a limitless supply of money. 2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
FAIR Seth Rogen, superhero? It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
BAD Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
GOOD There is no grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
FAIR A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
BAD An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
BAD While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
BAD Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout. The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
BAD Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not persuaded that anything actually happens.
FAIR It has more of a sting than you might think.
BAD 'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
BAD Hornet lacks sting.
FAIR I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
FAIR It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
FAIR The many flawed details of the film are embarrassing, but the film entire suggests a cry from the heart of a crippled poet.
BAD Bela was such a bad actor...
BAD Ed Wood sucked. He didn't suck so bad he was good, he just sucked.
FAIR Even taking his nonexistent budgets into account, there's no getting around the fact that Wood was simply magnificently untalented -- albeit in a glorious way.
BAD Bad, bad, bad. Have you not yet been introduced to Ed Wood?
FAIR Director Michael J. Bassett seems to know how to correctly handle the material, giving it a lightness of touch but also enough bloody and shocking spectacle to stir up viewers.
FAIR Writer/director Michael J. Bassett stages the carnage under so much rain-soaked filth, you can almost smell the stench. It's a good stench.
BAD Few characters have much to do but grunt and scream and bleed.
FAIR Uneven and far less deep that it believes itself to be, Solomon Kane is nevertheless a solid B-movie diversion that excels when sticking to its pulpy, action-fantasy roots.
BAD Been there, done that.
FAIR "Solomon Kane" succeeds by embracing its identity as a straightforward genre exercise, complete with bone-crunching and blood-spurting action. By not aiming for more, it hits its target.
BAD Who knew there were skinhead and zombie equivalents in late-Elizabethan England?
FAIR It's hardly original (and Max von Sydow is wasted in brief scenes as Kane's father), but "Solomon Kane" is worthy of big-screen appreciation.
FAIR Mr. Basset is too enamored of the usual action film cliches ... But he has a graphic visual style that suits the simplistic material and he keeps you watching even as the wet, sucking sounds of skewered flesh grows tedious.
BAD The fight choreography has a gracefulness bordering on elegance, and so it's a shame that these standalone thrills aren't better integrated into the film as a fully formed narrative whole.
FAIR [It] does have its moments and gets better as it goes along.
BAD Lacking a charismatic lead or villain, struggling with its big themes, it's not surprising this 2009 picture sat on the shelf for so long.
BAD A borrowed melange of Lord of the Rings pomp, weightless CGI sorcery, artfully smudged cheekbones and exceedingly dull sword slicings.
FAIR It's doubtful Kane will ever rival Conan--Howard's other creation--in terms of fame, but his world is definitely one that I would be willing to visit again.
BAD The film fails to take full advantage, possessing neither a sense of its own ridiculousness nor the flat-out propulsive energy that would make concerns about its hokey storyline irrelevant.
FAIR If weapons and wizardry get your blood up, and you prefer your movies dark and brooding and minus the sandals, Solomon Kane fits the bill. It may lack The Lord Of The Rings' majesty, but Robert E. Howard fans will lap it up.
GOOD A monstrously entertaining action-adventure... the film's epic vision bears comparison with the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy, its imaginative supernatural elements confidently fused with a savage reality.
FAIR A hugely entertaining adaptation of the dark comic series.
FAIR There's plenty that's good here: a serious tone, steady pacing, muddy and bloody scenery and a convincing turn by Purefoy in his own west country accent. But Kane is an ill fit into the origins tale template; it's a story with few surprises.
FAIR A combination of Purefoy's stoic, captivating performance and a number of bloodthirstily brilliant fight scenes ensure this is more Darling Bloods of May than twee cheese-fest.
FAIR A brutal fusion of angst and action, this mini-epic gives the sword-and-sorcery genre a bleak, brusque new life. Watch it for some terrific limbchopping and a mighty turn by James Purefoy.
FAIR Decked out with terrific Czech locations, Klaus Badelt's rousing score, neat CGI visual effects keen biblical imagery and a solid supporting cast, the imperfections can be forgiven.
FAIR James Purefoy is excellent as Kane, his natural charisma and charm ably compensating for the fact that Solomon does some pretty terrible things.
FAIR Dark and brooding, and fairly Lord of the Rings-esque in a smaller budget kind of way. Purefoy deftly handles the action like any A-lister leading man can. Great fun.
GOOD An effective slice of occult high adventure, a sombre swashbuckler that pays its pulp source material a flinty, tight-lipped respect.
FAIR ...an exciting initial entry in what could (and should) be an ongoing series.
FAIR A solid fantasy flick, with a great role for star Purefoy.
GOOD A well-shot, competently realized, and surprisingly entertaining mash-up of 16th century "wizards and warriors" and devil-may-care monster mayhem.
FAIR Storywise, it leaves a lot to be desired ... has many tonal and pacing problems, mainly because like the source material, it's all handled very seriously.
BAD Not well thought-out and a genuine disappointment for all its visibility in the popular conversation
BAD ...a movie based on an ending. And if you can't figure out that ending ten minutes into the movie, you aren't paying attention.
BAD The film was a typical seventies sci-fi effort, scientifically illiterate and unimaginatively composed.
FAIR A sluggishly directed look at life and death in the 21st century.
FAIR This futuristic thriller just seems to keep getting better with age. An entertaining sci-fi flick done before special effects took over the genre.
BAD Their 21st-century New York occasionally is frightening but it is rarely convincingly real.
BAD The future never looked as retro...
FAIR It's quite an amusing movie.
BAD The SNL skits are better
FAIR A stoic Heston, a nice turn for Robinson, and see-through ironies.
BAD It would have made a great episode of The Twilight Zone, but feature length is too much for its premise.
GOOD Great sci-fi with a surprisingly environmentalist message -- you have to wonder if Heston paid close attention.
FAIR A thought-provoking movie that is still relevant with the many environmental concerns that are out there now.
GOOD As a science fiction film that relies more on viewers' intelligence than special effects, it represents something that is sorely missed in today's Hollywood.
FAIR Classic science fiction that is well-worth seeing.
FAIR Some of the very finest dopey schlock ever put onscreen.
GOOD Delightfully cheezy, Raquel Welch is wonderful to look at
BAD Too pretentious to stoop to camp
BAD Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
FAIR By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
FAIR Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
BAD Ladies and gentlemen- this is it. This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
BAD Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness. Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't turn Will Ferrell into a colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur. Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
BAD ...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
FAIR Not really a film version of the oft-rerun '70s Saturday morning staple that happens to star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
BAD Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't sufficient to save Land of the Lost
BAD An odd film, which will hardly be enough to turn it into the massive hit that it needs to be.
BAD By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risque smut.
BAD There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this. About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
BAD Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
BAD A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not quite grungey enough to wow older teens.
BAD It's not just the land that feels lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest. After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
BAD A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
FAIR It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags. It's not going to win any awards. Really, it's a DVD rental. There are some laughs. I laughed, anyway.
BAD The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
BAD Neither conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
BAD It's not clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, is camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
BAD Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
BAD Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
BAD Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
BAD As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired. Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
BAD The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots. It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
BAD The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged. Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
BAD A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure. Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
FAIR Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
BAD Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
BAD It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't seem far-fetched you might believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- educated scientist.
FAIR The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
BAD Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
BAD A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
BAD In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
BAD Just too random and silly to make any sense at all. Although there are a few laughs along the way
BAD Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
GOOD Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
BAD perhaps the movie isn't quite weird enough, so instead of seeming inspired in its dementedness, it just seems inept and desperate
BAD If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more. If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
BAD The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
BAD This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
BAD There are countless mentions of feces and urine. A woman is fondled several times. The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
FAIR The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95. And you know what? In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
BAD ...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't extend to making something out of a nothing script.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess. I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it. Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem... This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't have time to fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls." It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books. To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence. Vampire Academy doesn't need a review. It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this. The mythology here is hilariously convoluted. Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what's going on, but why we should care in the first place
GOOD This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
GOOD Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own. His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
GOOD For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us. And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
GOOD The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
GOOD It may not beat The Two Towers for sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
GOOD The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
GOOD In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
FAIR I'm still not as blissed out by this trilogy as are hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes. Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
GOOD A worthy conclusion to a modern epic. Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
GOOD Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
GOOD As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions. Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
FAIR The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
GOOD When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never been to Birmingham to see Tolkien's inspirations at first hand.
GOOD If this wasn't quite the best movie of 2003, it was definitely the most fun to be had at the movies all year
GOOD ...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes. (Extended Edition)
FAIR A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
GOOD This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
GOOD An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
GOOD No flabber has been left ungasted by Mr Jackson's mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
GOOD A masterful moment in cinema.
GOOD Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
GOOD A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
GOOD Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
FAIR An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
GOOD Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
GOOD If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn&#8217;t feel cheated.
FAIR By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to mention overseeing special effects that must make George Lucas take pause.
GOOD Truly awe-inspiring. If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
BAD When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about? The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
GOOD [Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
GOOD minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
GOOD 'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos mas altos en la historia del cine. Gracias, senor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de sonar'
GOOD If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King. It's as good, if not better than the first two films.
GOOD It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
BAD It's not without its pleasures, but I'll stick with The Tune.
FAIR Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs, its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before.
FAIR Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time. We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride.
GOOD Zany, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure.
GOOD It's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman.
FAIR A new film from Bill Plympton, the animation master, is always welcome.
BAD For the future, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
BAD Will no doubt delight Plympton's legion of fans; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting.
GOOD Ford, with his Star Wars cachet, was Blade Runner's top-line draw, but it's Hauer's movie all the way, his shimmering "replicant" providing the tonal touchstone for Ridley Scott's severally reworked masterpiece.
GOOD This remains an astonishing achievement: a Dystopian sci-fi epic that is also one of the best film noirs of recent times.
GOOD "Blade Runner is a film set 40 years hence, made in the style of 40 years ago," Ridley Scott said of his celebrated science-fiction noir. Perhaps that other-worldly "retrofitted" look is why it seems ageless, despite being set in 2019.
GOOD Scott's visionary thriller makes the acid rain/neon-drenched Los Angeles of 2019 a far colder, more violent and depressing place.
GOOD Another chance to savour its pure unhurried strangeness, beginning with that bizarre vista of 2019 LA, with four tall buildings mysteriously belching fire-plumes into the night like apocalyptic oil rigs.
FAIR It's a quest movie - where one thing leads mechanically to another to another to another. There are no twists. It's noir only in atmosphere and expressionist lighting schemes.
GOOD The single most immersive and tactile world ever created for the cinema.
GOOD Perhaps on its deepest level, "Blade Runner" explores ... a theme as old as Genesis and the myth of Prometheus, and iterated in "Paradise Lost," Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein," and in Blake's arcane, visionary mythology.
BAD So it goes in this kind of romantic nonsense that isn't too different in essential content from the four-hankie movies of the nineteen-thirties and forties.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr. Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations. The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
GOOD Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics. The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly feel manufactured or inauthentic. And neither does "The Terminator."
GOOD Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way.
GOOD A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece.
GOOD Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages.
GOOD Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something more brooding, even prayerful.
GOOD Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time.
GOOD I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a single moment that isn't operating at 100%.
GOOD A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama.
FAIR James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative.
GOOD A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character. The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best.
GOOD Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.
GOOD The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.
GOOD Relentlessly entertaining
GOOD This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens.
GOOD At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion.
GOOD The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel.
GOOD The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.
GOOD A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling.
GOOD While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive. If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list.
GOOD The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid.
GOOD The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect.
GOOD seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies
GOOD ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure.
GOOD One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades.
GOOD To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre.
GOOD [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema.
GOOD The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas.
FAIR The Golden Compass isn't bad, it's cast is too good and it's too well made, but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost, leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself.
BAD I realize that when you make a book into a movie you cannot include every single detail, but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story.
GOOD This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.
FAIR ...if I hadn't liked Pullman's books so much, I probably would have liked this movie version more than I did.
FAIR Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy? Hard to say. But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.
BAD Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy, who would normally be a pick-me-up, but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home.
BAD The Golden Compass should be fun, but it rarely is. It should sweep you away, but it rarely does. For a film suffused with magic, it is, regrettably, far from magical.
BAD No, I didn't read the novel before seeing the film, and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it, either. Made me hate polar bears, and I used to love the darned things, so that's saying something.
BAD Read this review, skip this movie, and instead read the excellent books. Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation.
GOOD A beautiful, thought-provoking fantasy film.
BAD This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.
BAD Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force.
BAD koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima, den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi, poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
FAIR The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...
BAD The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie.
BAD All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
BAD My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt, and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it.
FAIR [Kidman's Mrs. Coulter is] a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact, if she were any more evil, she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann.
BAD Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.
BAD In adapting Pullman's novel, Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex (and controversial) theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot.
FAIR ...the cast is deadly serious, bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions.
BAD The Catholic League thinks it's anti-Catholic. Admirers of Philip Pullman's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book. Me, I just think it blows.
FAIR For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism, at least it's more entertaining than last year's Christian allegory The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
FAIR Exciting and entertaining, although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going.
GOOD Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences, there's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that's unusual in such works.
BAD Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.
BAD ...the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in (and hold the interest of) neophytes.
BAD I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never got into the story. I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.
BAD Wanting to appeal to a broad audience %u2014 especially young teens %u2014 is more than fine. It's admirable. But soulful, philosophical 13-year-olds do exist. They do! And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved.
BAD Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo, this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
FAIR Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set, The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery.
BAD Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate.
GOOD What I enjoyed, besides the visual feast, is its story line clarity, commanding characters both human and not, originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama.
FAIR Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy.
FAIR Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair. It is a decent enough feature, but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it.
GOOD More amazing work from Gondry. If you're interested in a basic narrative, look away; if you prize inventive filmmaking, don't miss it.
GOOD The Science Of Sleep is truly a delight at times, a startlingly original piece of work that's not as accessible as Eternal Sunshine but is every bit as magnificent when in full flow.
GOOD It's kind of weird and very French, but don't let that scare you. The Science of Sleep is well worth your time.
BAD It's not that The Science of Sleep is a terrible film. It's not. It's just that it doesn't operate properly and there's nothing worse than seeing a film in which obvious design and potential is ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR A visual treat from beginning to end.
FAIR Another comic love story that takes us inside a character's psyche, but Kaufman's rock-solid jokes are replaced by whimsy.
FAIR Gondry always manages to maintain a childlike wonder in the magic of creating a moving image, and never is it more evident than in this film.
FAIR It's whimsical to the point of maddening. Bernal does his best, but there's only so much fawning any man can get away with.
BAD It's all lovely to look at, but becomes progressively wearisome.
BAD Dreams are easy to invent, and as easy to forget. The real challenge is to invent stories that have a stake in logic as well as truth.
GOOD A thwarted love story that does not trade in the degraded cliches either of romance or conventional sexiness.
FAIR There's a very thin line between amusingly quirky and just plain pretentious. I'd say this falls somewhere in the middle.
GOOD As the movie progresses, we're presented with one of the best portrayals of the innate awkwardness of first love I can ever remember seeing.
GOOD Beautifully directed, charmingly surreal and genuinely romantic, this is the perfect offbeat date movie and easily one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Mischievous and magical, Gondry's bizarro movie offers visual pearl after visual pearl but no string to tie them together. Ou est Kaufman?
GOOD It suffers occasionally from self-consciousness and over-indulgence in its own oddity, but Gondry's grasp of emotion and visuals is enchanting. Even if he seems several sandwiches short of a picnic.
GOOD Credit should be shared with the leads; together they're silly, giddy, irrepressibly inventive - a lot like the film itself.
FAIR I'm not sure I would have recommended it in the theater %u2013 where you're paying full ticket price and therefore expect a cohesive experience %u2013 but on DVD it's worth a look.
BAD Although it has its moments to delight the eye, in the end the movie is neither very cerebral nor very charming but more like weird and wayward.
FAIR Suffers from weak character development and mashed plot continuity, but offers a handfull of beautiful, fresh imagery to make up for it.
GOOD A sweet, charming, stylish movie that reflects well on the magnificent career of Michel Gondry
GOOD Un spectacle extravagant dont meme les quelques imperfections respirent la grandeur d'un cineaste qui se trouve toujours en pleine possession de ses moyens.
FAIR Gondry manages to keep his balance for most of the film, deriving humor and pathos from Stephane's difficulties with his waking life.
BAD Writer/director Michael Gondry bets his film that the viewer will be so engrossed in his characters and images, they will not mind having the rug pulled form under them time and again. He loses that bet.
GOOD The Science of Sleep, his latest effort, continues in the same singular direction as its predecessors; simultaneously confounding, fascinating and enchanting, the movie does not quite find the populist pulse that did its predecessor, but as the fir
FAIR As for Bernal and Gainsbourg, they sell their unconventional romance convincingly. And in support, French character actor Alain Chabat steals a couple of scenes as Stephane's piggish co-worker.
GOOD The most strikingly original film to hit movie screens this year -- or practically any other year for that matter.
BAD Maybe Gondry should have put more science in his fantasy of unrequited love, because little about it feels grounded in anything real ... Like most dreams, you're liable to forget about it in the morning.
FAIR Even the most experimental moviegoers, though, may wish for more of a story than what's provided.
FAIR I doubt any other movie of 2006 will inspire as many walkouts as The Science of Sleep, a declaration which in itself should function as a no-holds-barred recommendation for those seeking something unusual in their moviegoing diet.
GOOD If cinematic weirdness is your bread and butter, The Science of Sleep is a feast for the imagination and a triumph of creativity.
GOOD Michel Gondry is to visual art as Van Gogh is to post-impressionism; vivid bold and fearless, the seam of reality is present but you're never quite sure where they will lead your emotions, while taking an established artform to a different level.
FAIR As was famously said, we'll always have Paris. Very few, even the makers of Amelie, have Paris quite like Gondry.
FAIR Gondry fails to come up with a story to support his visual whimsy. But his flights of fancy are intriguing on their own, and his two lead actors captivate throughout.
BAD Comes off as frustratingly surreal and even a bit pretentious.
FAIR The movie plays like an exhausted hallucination, disjointed and frustrating, much of it owing to the lack of chemistry Gondry allows between his stars.
BAD it's a lot like Deep Blue Sea and The Abyss, minus the camp value and special effects, respectively
BAD C'mon, I bet it's been at least a month since you've seen a movie about ravenous sharks turned loco by the appearance of a radioactive alien space nugget from beyond Mars.
BAD It resembles something made for the SyFy Channel.
FAIR A low-key adventure packed with the kind of fantasy that's endlessly ridiculous yet loveable in a Harryhausen kind of way.
BAD Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
FAIR I never held The Lost World in such high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap. After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
FAIR Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
FAIR This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
FAIR Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
BAD This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
BAD Been there, done that. Now there's just more of it.
FAIR The story, it must be said, is no great shakes, although it's not half bad by action-movie standards. But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
BAD The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
GOOD Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no other goal in mind than to scare and delight the audience.
BAD Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
BAD A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
FAIR The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
FAIR Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not worry whether or not it falls short of Jurassic Park.
GOOD The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
BAD The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
BAD It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
BAD Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not enough.
FAIR Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
FAIR This was made to make money and entertain. And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
FAIR It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
BAD It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
FAIR With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
FAIR Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
GOOD Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
GOOD Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
GOOD Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
GOOD Not as good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
FAIR Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
FAIR The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
FAIR While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
GOOD Thoughtful, intelligent movie for older teens.
FAIR ...despite the cliches and stereotypes, the film's cast manages to lift it from the depths of the commonplace and make watching it enjoyable.
GOOD Though the film drifts off down some long blind alleys, when Darabont exercises discipline the result is highly effective.
GOOD Dotted with many fine moments, clotted with a few flabby ones.
FAIR One of the best prison films ever made.
GOOD Of all the movies based on King novels, The Green Mile ranks near the top -- but below Darabont's first, The Shawshank Redemption.
BAD Three long hours of wind, an exercise in titanic self-importance intent on passing off klunky rhetoric as poignant drama.
GOOD Darabont explores the range of human kindness and cruelty as he lovingly and patiently sculpts his large cast of characters against magnificent scenery.
GOOD Hanks and the other guards' acting is impeccable as would be expected, but Duncan and his fellow prisoners are also disturbingly real.
FAIR Its emotional rewards outshine its faults.
GOOD If this movie doesn't get a truckload of Oscar noms, something's rotten in the kingdom of Hollywood!
GOOD Quando a historia chega ao fim e as luzes se acendem, voce sente que, de certa forma, o filme permanecera com voce por muito tempo.
BAD There is no doubt that the director has mistaken size for quality with bum-numbing consequences.
GOOD A near-masterpiece.
GOOD Hanks is in fine form, as is Sam Rockwell, as 'Wild Bill' Wharton, a new inmate so repulsively evil he's almost a cartoon (not quite, though).
GOOD I'd be critical of the fact that Frank Darabont's entire directorial career has revolved around sweepingly sentimental movies based on Stephen King prison dramas -- if only he didn't do them so well.
GOOD They don't get much better than this.
GOOD A moving story, helped by some great performances, primarily by Michael Clarke Duncan as Coffey, Hanks, Hutchison as the guards, and Jeter and Rockwell as prisoners.
FAIR Unassumingly strong, moving performances and Darabont's durable storytelling make it a trip worth taking.
FAIR The Green Mile is a well-crafted film.
FAIR An affecting motion picture.
GOOD By taking the extra time, Darabont has made King's The Green Mile into a story which develops and unfolds, which has detail and space.
GOOD Over the epic running time the film inches its way through a complex soap opera of events on the Row, punctuated by three pivotal and grisly executions via 'Old Sparky,' the electric chair.
GOOD A thoughtful, intelligent movie with outstanding direction.
GOOD Stephen King's serial novel has been superbly adapted.
GOOD Enthralling and literally miraculous, The Green Mile has become an instant favorite of mine, just as its source material did.
BAD Brushing your teeth is more fun
BAD One of the reasons we don't miss Demi.
BAD Unfortunately happens to star Demi Moore.
BAD Sappy, insincere and really quite boring.
BAD The first half of the film is dreadfully contrived and artificial, from the uneven acting to the stereotype-filled script, to the aforementioned set and production design.
GOOD It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
BAD They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
FAIR It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
FAIR The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
FAIR That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
FAIR Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
BAD an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
FAIR It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
BAD This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
FAIR A solid lead-up to the finale.
FAIR As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
GOOD This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
FAIR It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
FAIR a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
FAIR In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
FAIR Better than the first, not as good as the second.
FAIR So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
GOOD This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
BAD Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
FAIR The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
FAIR Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
GOOD In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
BAD The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
GOOD Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
GOOD An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
GOOD A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
BAD This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
BAD Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
BAD A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
BAD It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
FAIR So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
BAD Dark and too often tedious.
FAIR The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
GOOD A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
FAIR Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
BAD Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
GOOD Rightfully a ballgame classic, this is sentimental nonsense, sure, but charmingly so.
GOOD This fantasy drama from director Phil Alden Robinson is a delightful blend of the blind-fate story and the more fanciful feel-good corn of Frank Capra.
FAIR Field of Dreams isn't a home run. It's more like a suicide squeeze: if it hadn't been perfectly executed, it wouldn't have worked. But as they say in baseball, a run is a run.
FAIR The sentimentality, of which there is plenty, is nicely balanced by a humor of ironic pragmatism, as when Ray, having built his baseball field as a monument to human dreams, decides to charge tourists $20 a head to visit it.
GOOD Too idiosyncratic and witty merely to wallow in sentimentality, Field Of Dreams will surely stand as a classic update of what made Old Hollywood so magical. It's still a wonderful life.
FAIR Instant baseball classic for whole family.
GOOD Widely regarded as a modern populist classic, the film is both a fabulist fable and a celebratory baseball movie that acknowledges scandal within the sport but also the game's transcendent ability to rise above attempts to damage its integrity. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One of the best films of the 80s
FAIR A rare choke-up movie for guys and one of 1989's biggest hits.
GOOD Quite simply one of the best sports movies ever.
GOOD A movie for a thorough tear-duct cleansing - the only film that makes tears stream down the cheeks of this hardened critic, and it gets me at least twice every time.
GOOD Robinson's whimsical sports saga is nostalgically engaging...guaranteed to load the bases with sentimentality
FAIR Anyone who loves their father or baseball -- or both -- will find it difficult -- no, impossible -- to resist this hokey, wonderful film.
GOOD Say what you want about Kevin Costner, but you can't say he never played Jesus Christ.
GOOD Original and moving fantasy about the things that make guys tear up.
GOOD One of the best baseballmovies off all time
GOOD The finest and most sentimental baseball movie ever made. If the ending doesn't bring tears to your eyes, you are made of stone. A must-see.
FAIR If you're in the right mood this movie will bring a tear to your eye.
GOOD Quaint, amusing and charming little baseball parable.
FAIR A manipulative but still moving look at the power of myths.
GOOD Kevin Costner nunca esteve tao bem como em 'Campo dos Sonhos'.
FAIR The themes of this movie are dreams, family, and baseball.
GOOD This film isn't just for baseball fans and soft touches. It's also for people who've experienced loss and want, just for a few minutes, to dream of regaining what was lost.
GOOD A magical, often funny, utterly delightful movie, one that will stay with you for some time to come.
GOOD Field of Dreams will not appeal to grinches and grouches and realists. It is a delicate movie, a fragile construction of one goofy fantasy after another. But it has the courage to be about exactly what it promises.
GOOD Earth versus Heaven is always an interesting conflict, but it's seldom looked so beautiful.
FAIR a visually extravagant, exhilarating explosion of animation that makes absolutely no sense
FAIR The spectacular artwork and animation go a long way toward keeping the audience captivated.
BAD In a movie that is deadly serious, the stilted dialog provides unexpected sources of mirth.
BAD Averages out to be a mildly better film than The Matrix Reloaded, mostly on account of being neither as good nor as bad in its peaks and valleys.
BAD Finale with same heavy violence, weaker script.
BAD Some of this stuff is just cheesy in the same way it's been cheesy in dozens of cheaper, less cultish films.
BAD It's amazing how such a brilliant opening film can devolve into nothing but uninteresting fight scenes and unnecessary visual effects.
FAIR Not in my memory has a film been filled with such a succession of ejaculatory FX shots that cover any semblance of story in goo.
FAIR ''Everything that has a beginning has an end,' says the tag line. Not in financial terms it doesn't.'
GOOD Yes, some of the philosophy was clumsily scripted, but I saw and appreciated where the Wachowskis were trying to take the universe.
BAD An over bloated, anticlimactic yawn.
BAD Characterization, plot, and speculations on life and reality take a backseat to the martial arts shoot 'em up sequences, which seem overly long and decidedly ho-hum.
BAD ...more of the same, with nothing surprising, nothing any longer mind-boggling, and nothing most viewers couldn't guess would happen going in.
BAD The Wachowskis have changed the face of action films for the time being, and I grant them that. But watching this bloated final installment it was hard for me to remember why.
FAIR The Matrix Revolutions has successfully dodged the bullet that The Matrix Reloaded aimed at the franchise.
BAD Watching this, you may be reminded of what Gertrude Stein once observed about the benighted state of Cal-ee-fornia, 'there is no there there.'
FAIR Teeters but stays upright, closing the series in a fashion that is appropriately ingenious and infuriating.
BAD A ferociously disappointing and inept conclusion to a trilogy that began with such a bang.
FAIR Hey, it's better than The Matrix Reloaded!
FAIR 'Como capitulo final de una trilogia adorada por millones, cumple con lo que ofrece, a pesar de que deja varios cabos sueltos. Por lo menos es mejor cinta que Recargado'
GOOD This is, in effect, the second half of the film, and if Reloaded was mostly build-up, Revolutions is all payoff.
BAD This is the Review About What I Believe Must Be Written About the Language That Is Used By Wachowski Brothers In Their Movies About What It Is That The Matrix Must Be.
FAIR Owes more to 'The War of the Worlds' than the war of ideas that made the first 'Matrix' stand out...
FAIR It is not about conclusiveness, but about solving the immediate struggles of its own stupid sci-fi details.
FAIR A satisfying action-packed conclusion to one of the most incredible sci-fi mythologies put on film.
FAIR This third one is unfocused; a little bit of this, a little of that - a pot of hot water that boils over a few times but remains, for the most part, at a light simmer.
BAD What a fizzle for a feature film trilogy and the third installment of a boxed set.
GOOD The Matrix: Redeemed. The plodding pop-philosophical babblings of Reloaded have been toned way down. Best of all - NO extended rave scenes!
FAIR Is this a good movie? Hell, I don't know. I don't think so, although I liked it.
GOOD ... for all the characters you met when you found out what the Matrix was, you'll want to see how their stories conclude.
BAD Epic trilogy's final installment feels like a trailer for itself -- and more than a little bit wrong.
BAD Like all the Oracles throughout history advise, "Temet nosce" - well I know I don't want any more of this.
GOOD I had a good time laughing at the cliche-ridden action dialogue and an even better time laughing at the 4 a.m. stoned college student profundities served up by the script.
FAIR As a joyride of a movie, this one delivers the goods. But on a human level, it's clear that the Wachowskis allowed the series to get away from them.
FAIR What started off as hip, cool, and intelligent has become loud, bombastic, and stupid.
FAIR . . . It all seems so cold, so technological. This final chapter should have been the most human, the most emotionally charged of movies, but it ultimately leaves you dazed and confused.
BAD If you thought The Matrix Reloaded had holes in it, this one is muddled beyond belief, accidentally humorous.
BAD ...a frantic and ponderous piece that is content enough to go through its wooden stage and whimper out with a deadening bang...[a] mind-bending misguided mess
FAIR ...one of the more entertaining mindless action flicks to come around in a while.
FAIR An impressive closing to the cycle.
FAIR "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" is light, airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy.
BAD It's a harmless, lighthearted film with wooden acting, a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again, lots of ridiculous CGI.
BAD The only defense for this movie is to say that it's not actually 'trying' to be good ... Are we supposed to applaud just because they set the bar low and barely reached it?
BAD But Journey 2 delivers a flashy and eye opening adventure product, with each cast member stepping forward to steal particular scenes.
FAIR The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it. Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is charming, in spite of its imperfections.
BAD Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters, but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get.
BAD ...a family adventure aimed squarely at children. For kids, it's fine; they'll probably enjoy all the color, action, and preposterous goings-on.
BAD Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations.
BAD Amusingly childish...
FAIR It's all a bit silly. But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls.
BAD Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson's 'pec pop of love' -- almost immediately forgettable.
FAIR Silly, colorful, harmless and fun.
BAD It lost me at the bees. 'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne, in a similar vein as its predecessor, 'Journey to the Center of the Earth.'
BAD Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title.
FAIR With only occasionally awesome CGI, it's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD.
FAIR ... everybody seems to be having fun ...
BAD It's only mediocre, and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that.
BAD Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick "The Swarm."
FAIR A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing.
BAD A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2: The Mysterious Island's frame.
BAD Family values trump suspense, fun, and, of course, mystery.
FAIR Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth, like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island.
BAD The island is disintegrating. You know no one is in any real danger. The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush.
BAD Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel. Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping, and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure.
GOOD Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary, but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never gory.
BAD I would love to support a "dumbed down" version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book. But does it have to be this far down? And this dumb?
BAD Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson, who fits the same description.
BAD I swear some of the giant, Day-Glo vegetation had "Property of 'Lost in Space'" stamped on it.
FAIR Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie. That's not a bad thing at all.
FAIR The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero, with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle.
BAD You know we're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman can't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script.
BAD Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to make it fly.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
BAD A laughable disaster.
FAIR Exciting fantasy flick has Connery voicing the dragon.
BAD Harmless family entertainment, but not especially satisfying.
FAIR Seeing a large CG dragon talk like Sean Connery is mildly disconcerting. What's weird is the big lizard actually kinda looks like our beloved bald Scot.
BAD The script and the direction drags a lot. It gets way too wordy at times.
FAIR This mildly engaging castle-storming adventure is best pegged as a family comedy.
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
BAD Bruce Willis, The Rock, explosions, comedy and action help this popcorn sequel rise above its more Sci-Fi predecessor, but even fans caught up in the action will occasionally find this live action film to be just a bit too cartoonish.
BAD [Jon M.] Chu is a stylish director, and it's fun to watch him blow things up. He also paces the material furiously. For awhile, this strategy works. But, as with most movies that don't have any substance, the pomposity and spectacle grow tiresome.
BAD This action-packed drama is as bland and forgettable as its predecessor.
FAIR Has a great deal more grace and goodwill than its predecessor. It moves well, offers up the occasional surprise, and never takes itself too seriously.
BAD I was prepared for the expected amount of flag-waving nonsense in this film, but one sequence with a Cobra member posing as the President of the United States is so offensive, it seems like it was an outtake from Team America: World Police.
FAIR Dizzyingly entertaining celebration of fireballs, wire-assisted martial arts and high-calibre firepower has more grace and poise than Die Hard 5...will surely make up for those disappointed with the so-so 2009 film.
BAD While it might be the height of critical cliche (and analytically wrong) to call G.I. Joe: Retaliation "a real American Zero," if the combat boot fits...
BAD This film had no use of the 3D.
BAD Retaliation isn't hatefully dumb - it's entertainingly dumb. But even after the umpteen millions it cost to make, it never comes close to capturing the imagination like three 3/4" action figures can.
BAD Marries the steroidal firepower of the US armed forces with the narrative sense and technical elegance of a twelve year old playing with his action figures.
BAD Tea Party paranoia about Obama's alien identity and fascist agenda apparently motivated this disappointing sequel, which pits the Joes against an impostor U.S. president (Jonathan Pryce) working for the evil forces of Cobra.
BAD As to be expected, Johnson actually imbues his character with some humanity, but in the cacophony that is this movie, this doesn't really amount to much.
BAD Routine action adventure but that mountainside battle is one for the record books.
BAD Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis provide performances that should be in the hall of shame under the category "Best example of going through the motions for a paycheck."&#8233;
FAIR Folks, we'd all love to see a hard-line G.I. Joe film where everything is realistic, but when was the show ever realistic?
BAD If you played with G.I. Joe action figures...any crazy storyline you came up with is probably less silly than this.
BAD ...mind-numbingly moronic despite good 3D and CGI...
BAD If you went back to 1984 and told me there would be a serious production about toys called "Destro" and "Ripcord," I'd have asked you when lobotomies became mandatory.
BAD The movie ricochets between interesting characters and idiotic ones, between clever plot developments and ludicrous ones, between smart dialogue and -- wait, scratch that; there is no smart dialogue, just marble-mouthed monologues and limp quips.
BAD Where the first film is a rancid violation of everything that makes cinema even a little bit tolerable in any regard, the sequel is merely empty and mediocre.
BAD Sure, there's action, but these scenes seem more about shaking things up todistract the viewer from the overly convoluted, disjointed and nonsensical plot.
BAD Fight-filled and blasting but forgettable - totally lacking the essential element of cartoonish fun.
BAD G.I. Joe: Retaliation is bargain-basement blockbuster entertainment but some people will enjoy it for the brainless popcorn entertainment it is.
BAD This is the second awful G.I. Joe movie. It is even worse than the first one. Perhaps there is not a good film to be made from this material.
BAD The filmmakers appear to have handed a dozen or so G.I. Joe dolls to a 9-year-old, watched him play for 110 minutes, and then shot a scene-for-scene remake.
BAD Bigger, louder and, like, way more stupider than its predecessor.
BAD What a blast G.I. Joe: Retaliation is! And then another blast, and another, in a series of concussive jolts that shred any conventional sense of story as thoroughly as anything since the last Michael Bay film.
BAD A preposterous and messy 3D spectacle devoid of any kind of soul.
BAD By ignoring everything that made 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra a hugely entertaining guilty pleasure, the all-new writers and director of this sequel have made one of the most abrasively annoying action movies in recent memory.
FAIR When it comes to big and loud, this is the movie to beat for at least this week; what makes it entertaining is its unabashed wallow in these qualities ...
BAD The plot is a ludicrous mash-up of half-thought-out ideas.
BAD Plays like a tiresomely extended evening of channel surfing.
BAD As a solo viewing experience, this is feeble indeed, but invite some friends over for a BYOB bash and its entertainment value rises substantially.
FAIR Even if it is a compromised version of the TV show, it's far, far better than nothing.
FAIR Fluffy, good-natured, endlessly quotable fun, just like you remember it.
FAIR Shot in the same campy style that characterized the TV show, all the cast members look like they are having a great time chewing up the scenery.
FAIR 1960s flick won't appeal to today's kids.
FAIR Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles
GOOD Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.
FAIR It exists.
FAIR Campy fun
FAIR The delirious idiosyncracies of the '60s Batman are all on display...a pleasant-enough romp that's just a little too-distracted with its new toys. [Blu-Ray]
FAIR If you loved the series, the movie is what you would expect.
FAIR It's goofy, cornball charm sure wears a lot better than the last two "serious" Batman flicks.
FAIR For camp value only
GOOD Why do they always try to revamp Batman when they got it so right almost 40 years ago?
FAIR Holy Cornball Camp, Batman! This movie's a hoot!
FAIR While the film is far from perfect, it's meant to be that way.
BAD Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.
BAD I can't recommend the film although it does have its moments.
BAD Feels, unmistakably, like Paramount and everybody involved was trying to get through it as fast as possible, dumping the series in an alley to let the rats gnaw at the body.
FAIR Lots of sci-fi action mixed in with messages about peace.
FAIR ...fun stuff, unoriginal or not.
BAD It's a shame The Next Generation crew went out on this flat note.
BAD The geek exodus from Star Trek will continue with this middling movie, a cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD Without an intriguing adversary for Capt. Jean-Luc Picard and crew, it's all for naught.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Tinkers around with an intriguing premise but with little creative facility for dialogue or structure...[splits] the difference between fans and neophytes, impressing neither.
FAIR If you're a fan you'll be satisfied, if not ecstatic, but it's doubtful that this movie will win any new converts.
BAD A movie that blandly goes where too many Star Trek pictures have gone before.
BAD ... The science fiction franchise that has been an institution since ... the late 1960s may be starting to show its age.
BAD Infelizmente, ha muito tempo a serie deixou de ser sobre seus personagens e passou a priorizar os efeitos visuais - e o roteiro do sempre mediocre John Logan, com sua trama datada e seus pessimos dialogos, so piora a situacao.
FAIR It doesn't deliver anything new to the series, and even fans might find parts distinctly slow, but it finally hits most of the right buttons.
FAIR Well, there goes the theory about the even-numbered ones all being good.
BAD Boring, dark, gooey, with plenty of earnest, furrowed brows all around.
BAD We are strictly going through the motions here folks
BAD To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago . . .
FAIR If this is The Next Generation's final voyage, then it goes somewhat gently into that good night rather than raging against the dying of the light. Should a final adventure give them the justice they deserve? Like Picard, I say 'Make it so!'
FAIR For me, this flight aboard the Enterprise was a bit of a letdown.
BAD It's been almost 10 years since "Star Trek: The Next Generation" ended in 1994, but you'd never know it by watching the latest film in the science fiction franchise, "Star Trek: Nemesis."
FAIR ...the Federation should consider their legacy before embarking on another tired journey...Alas, it's time for the filmmakers to stay home and avoid the exhaustive trappings of being their own worse enemy...ah, in this case...nemesis!
BAD ... it may be time for Paramount to more on to other Star Trek movie ideas or just more on together... enjoy it for what it is: one more time to see a beloved crew defeat evil in space.
BAD This will test fan loyalty to destruction.
BAD While there's nothing to fault in the performances or even the storyline, it's forgettable the moment the credits roll.
BAD A sci-fi snoozer.
BAD Sorry, Captain, our dilithium crystals are run down completely. The Star Trek franchise is dead in the water!
BAD Feels like a cold old man going through the motions.
BAD A cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD It simply doesn't have the sharp inventiveness and insight we usually associate with the franchise.
FAIR definitely something different, even if it doesn't quite live up to the filmmakers' obviously grandiose ideas
FAIR Sure, it's more of the same, but as the film proves, that's not always a bad thing.
BAD The dialogue is inane, the plot insipid, and with the exception of some nifty special effects at the very beginning, this has nothing whatsoever to recommend it.
FAIR Tolkien fans, who are familiar with novels, will find it enjoyble, while others may be confused by the action.
GOOD What most people remember is the mix of the live-action tracing within the traditional animation and just how effectively creepy it managed to be, but for the time this did a pretty good job of adapting the dense novels.
BAD It's a reckless film, blitzing through some plot points and stalling out over others; the lack of a particular rhythm does not do it any favors, and it is certainly not a fast 133 minutes.
BAD Animated adventure too dated and dark for younger kids.
FAIR The live action version trumps it in every conceivable way; there simply is no comparison. And yet Middle Earth is still better off for its presence.
GOOD ... in retrospect it feels like an elegant, appropriately sized adaptation - with some beautiful animation work.
FAIR The film is visually compelling even when murk overtakes the narrative.
FAIR Falls far short of the charm and sweep of the original story.
BAD ...a noble effort, original in concept if disappointing in execution.
FAIR The hobbits all look like Joey Lawrence -- what's up with that?
GOOD An atmospheric fairytale romp across the landscapes of Tolkien's imagination.
BAD I didn't like this film version of Lord of Rings. If it's any comfort, fans won't like it either.
FAIR Quite interesting and rather original.
