GOOD Words on the screen, their power to free you, and also entrap you - if this isn't the internet's deadly blessing, what is?
FAIR Having recently released documentaries on clerical abuse, Mario Cuomo, Park Avenue, Lance Armstrong and, now, WikiLeaks, Gibney seems in danger of becoming an actualite machine.
GOOD Outstanding, cool-headed documentary.
GOOD A breathless, dazzling and mind-blowingly complex 130-minute story.
GOOD I'd have liked to know more about his private life and background but Gibney has too much other ground to cover.
GOOD We Steal Secrets is much concerned with conspiracy theories and may well wind up fuelling new ones.
FAIR A thorough and decently intentioned work, though it accepts a little too glibly the more-in-sorrow-than-in-anger line against Assange: that he is a fascinating radical who simply became a paranoid authoritarian.
FAIR With a subject matter that oddly feels both timely and out-of-date, this documentary is packed with telling details about WikiLeaks, Although it gets muddy as it delves into the lives of founder Julian Assange and whistleblower Bradley Manning.
GOOD This is saying something important. Check your Facebook settings.
GOOD This is an expertly organised documentary; Gibney's always are.
GOOD In truth, there's little in Alex Gibney's film that won't be familiar to attentive news watchers, but this skilled documentarian has mastered the art of condensing a vast and complex amount of information into a gripping and entertaining package.
GOOD This thorough, engrossing film shows how idealistic Aussie hacker Julian Assange took on the might of the US, exposing their military and diplomatic misconduct, then allowed his own murky personal life to tarnish his credibility.
GOOD The range of Gibney's subjects, the rigour of his research and the complexity of his questions make We Steal Secrets breathlessly compelling, but it's the moments of psychological probing that haunt the most.
GOOD Noxious government activities may warrant exposure, but Gibney points out that the whistleblowers can be pretty flawed too.
GOOD Alex Gibney adds to his forensic examinations of Enron and Abu Ghraib with another fine documentary.
GOOD A thoughtful documentary about Julian Assange, Bradley Manning, secrets, lies, power and the poorly understood nature of the internet.
GOOD If you're looking for a really comprehensive, clear, evenhanded and thoroughly entertaining examination of, well, the story of WikiLeaks, master documentarian Alex Gibney has gone to the trouble of providing you with one.
GOOD A fascinating insight into Wikileaks and the two men behind the world's largest ever whistleblowing scandal.
GOOD This look at WikiLeaks -- and founder Julian Assange -- makes its case long before the film stops talking.
GOOD It portrays a seething nest of highly volatile personalities whose motivations are fraught with ambiguities and contradictions, and a chain of actions and reactions the full impact of which has yet to be measured.
GOOD Alex Gibney's film is an absorbing examination of the world's most infamous information portal.
FAIR Which is the real Assange? This movie cannot say. It's as if Gibney threw up his hands, put the whole mess in the audience's lap and said, "Here, YOU figure this guy out."
GOOD Sometimes it takes a feature-length documentary to stitch together a story we think we already know.
GOOD Smart and opinionated, it's a great introduction to this ongoing story.
GOOD A real-life cyber-thriller with real-life consequences, Alex Gibney's We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks is a riveting and revelatory documentary ...
GOOD Gibney builds a remarkable level of suspense, given how exhaustively WikiLeaks has been covered in the media.
GOOD Engaging, kinetic, revelatory and unexpected.
GOOD At once an awkward mingling of two complex life stories and a gripping, necessary look at how information is gathered, shared and, yes, stolen.
GOOD Who is "We" in the title We Steal Secrets? There's no need for a spoiler alert, but it's neither Gibney nor Assange.
FAIR Despite its wonky-Washington theme, We Steal Secrets ends up being a surprisingly soulful and, yes, even moving story of hubris, good intentions and mistakes.
FAIR The film is fascinating and provocative, deftly navigating complex personalities and shifting allegiances.
GOOD The movie's especially deft at exposing spin, whether it's the US media's or Assange's.
FAIR A fascinating account of a man who loved stirring the pot until he was the one sitting in it.
GOOD Gibney has created one of the signature discussions on the signature debate of the post-9/11 information-security age, namely: Who needs to know?
BAD It doesn't offer any new or surprising information or any profound analysis, so it barely scratches the multifaceted surface of Assange and remains slightly undercooked.
BAD This movie has confirmed my suspicion that people need to leave Hunter S. Thompson's story alone for a while.
FAIR Gonzo's brilliance is in showing Thompson warts and all, without taking anything away from his greatness even as it shows his many deficiencies.
GOOD Alex Gibney's documentary about bad boy journalist Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is both a memorial exaltation and a lament. Gibney's masterful style balances verite and dramatic effect. He doesn't doesn't tell you what to think, but spurs you to think.
GOOD A definitive, accessible, even inspiring screen biography put together with thought and vitality.
FAIR The film's plea that we need Thompson now more than ever is a little misty-eyed: Thompson's day was long gone by the time he put a gun to his head.
GOOD Much like the man himself, it's quite a piece of work.
GOOD Gonzo is much more than a tribute to a maverick and genuine pioneer. It's a lament for the gaping hole that Thompson left behind. The only obvious weakness is Gibney's reluctance to engage fully with Thompson's toxic personal life.
FAIR This documentary about his life by Alex Gibney, though entertaining in many ways, is oddly uninterested in his strengths or otherwise as a writer, the very gift for which Thompson earnestly wished to be known.
FAIR Director Alex Gibney has plundered 200 hours of audiotapes, hundreds of photos and personal testimony from an impressive roster of Thompson's colleagues and family to put together an even-handed portrait.
FAIR A straight-line journey through the good doctor's loopy myth and madness, but one that doesn't push far enough into uncharted territory. Fine as a primer, but Gibney leans more towards admiration than examination.
FAIR The film is content to laugh affectionately at Thompson's bad boy exploits, giggle at the impatience of a man who went hunting boar with a sub machine-gun.
BAD This soft-headed hagiography is a disappointment, and at least half an hour too long.
GOOD Gibney says the film took so much out of him that he limped into the Sundance Festival with a ruptured disc, a green liver and spots in his eyes that will not disappear. I hope he now thinks it worth the trouble. I'm pretty sure watchers will.
GOOD Superbly directed, hugely entertaining documentary that's a treat for both newcomers and aficionados of Thompson's work.
GOOD With a wealth of archive material, documentary filmmaker Gibney assembles a remarkably astute and comprehensive look at the life of one of the most notorious journalists in American history.
GOOD a seminal work of talking head biography
GOOD Gonzo is an excellent reminder that Thompson was more than just a wild man. He was, at least for a time, a first-rate writer who covered his times and helped shape them.
FAIR [Gibney] is never quite able to get beyond the familiar in order to give viewers a new and penetrating look at the subject of Thompson and his work.
BAD Too much time in this overly long film is spent on minutiae.
GOOD The rare documentary that puts you in a headlock to pin you to your seat, Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson is a bracing masterpiece.
GOOD Gibney thus has to negotiate a treacherous path. Its easy to romanticize a larger-than-life personality like Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, and it makes for compelling viewing. However, Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, gonzo journalist, was not exactly
FAIR The movie is full of itself and fun but nonessential.
FAIR I wanted more unearthed footage. But if you are looking for a tribute to the man, you won't find anything better.
GOOD Filmmaker Alex Gibney had access to those who knew the guy, the famous, the infamous and the obscure, and he paints a picture of a serious journalist who saw himself documenting 'the death of the American Dream.'
FAIR As informative as parts of it are, the movie is not nearly as colorful as longtime Aspen, Colo., resident Thompson.
FAIR In the manner of such key Thompson works as 'Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72,' the movie links entertaining personal biography with fascinating cultural history...
GOOD As a diverting documentary, Gonzo lives up to its subject matter - it is indulgent and witty, filled with a thousand little insights and ultimately sad. Thompson seemed obscure to his family, cartoonishly overblown to his friends.
FAIR Far more insightful than typical rose-colored-glasses eulogizing, the subjects are as brutally honest about Thompson's successes and shortcomings as Thompson was as a writer.
FAIR Gonzo director Gibney frees himself from the heady topicality of his recent documentaries...and dives right down into the deep -- and dark -- end.
FAIR [Director] Gibney assembles a wealth of Thompson memorabilia and first-person interviews for this often insightful and sometimes overly indulgent chronicle.
GOOD Reading his books will give you better insight, but it's hard to imagine a better primer into Thompson's outlaw life.
FAIR I was curious to see why we needed a two-hour documentary about the three-hit wonder who cast away his career halfway through life and coasted on celebrity status for 30 years. After seeing Gonzo, I'm still not convinced we do.
FAIR An amused and affectionate look at the writer who formed a crucial link between the New Journalism of the 1960s and today's blogosphere.
FAIR At its worst, the film takes a long detour into Thompson's admiration for an utterly banal 1974 Carter speech (The Powerful were sticking it to The People again) as a way to make us feel virtuous, political and leftish.
FAIR Thompson created a rebellious niche for himself in a business that more often than you might think channels its writers into conformist routine.
FAIR It's nice to be reminded, as Shakespeare taught us, that truth comes from the most unexpected places, even the booze-ree
BAD If you really want to understand and appreciate [Thompson], you'd be better off reading his books.
FAIR Neatly balancing full-hearted celebration with evenhanded examination.
FAIR You may not want to hang around [Hunter S. Thompson] all the time, but he would be a pretty interesting guy to have over for breakfast.
GOOD ...wildly entertaining...
FAIR Do we get to know the real Hunter through viewing Breakfast with Hunter? Possibly. More than ever before, at least.
GOOD Breakfast With Hunter is a cinematic exploration that is perhaps the closest you can get to Hunter Thompson without scoring an invite up to the 'fortified compound'.
FAIR Takes a peculiarly predictable and conventional approach to its study of the godfather of gonzo journalism, Hunter S. Thompson
BAD Curiously prosaic for the wicked incisiveness of its subject.
GOOD Ever wish you could see what goes on behind those famed, heavily fortified walls of Owl Farm? Here's your invitation.
FAIR "The Barefoot Bandit" never coalesces into a complete portrait of a fascinating figure, but it has its moments of difficult truth.
FAIR ...a fascinating dossier, even if the protagonist remains somewhat an enigma. Or perhaps because of it, "The Barefoot Bandit" makes a case for a modern-day folk hero.
FAIR Some might confuse Zenovich's indictment on the judge as a cop-out in judging Polanski. But the facts remain. There's no further insight into the heinous crime. Nor is there a new judgment to be passed on the man who committed it. Anyone looking for new r
GOOD "Zenovich's film is a fair and skillful chronicling of the Roman Polanski case, and a study of how the circumstances of celebrity influence the carrying out of justice in the U.S. It's not an in-depth study of the filmmaker's psychology nor of how his lif
GOOD While not apologising for his disgusting behaviour, the film puts Polanski's actions in the context of a turbulent life.
GOOD an essential entry in Hollywood's cultural chronicle
GOOD Mesmo tendo criado uma narrativa envolvente, coesa e impecavel a ponto de servir como base para os advogados de Polanski solicitarem o arquivamento do caso, este documentario foi ignorado pela Academia. Arre.
GOOD This chronicle of Polanski's life, career and legal woes offers an engaging portrait of the artist.
GOOD It's the sort of complex story Polanski himself would have excelled at telling, if he weren't busy living it.
FAIR Though Marina Zenovich's film deals with the notorious case of the film director who pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old, the film's real subject is the California legal system turned upside down by celebrity and media pressure.
GOOD Meticulously crafted and keenly thought out, the film also serves as a useful historical document. It illuminates its time period, delves into moral hypocrisy and shows the evolution of muck-raking celebrity journalism.
BAD With a subject like Roman Polanski, you don't really need to do much to capture audience interest. But maybe that's the reason Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired doesn't live up to its promise.
GOOD Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired, a documentary by Marina Zenovich that is also a first-rate work of reportage, makes a forceful case that the whole truth of the matter was never heard in court and Polanski was more sinned against than sinning.
FAIR I found myself occasionally enthralled, mainly due to Polanski's haunted presence coming through, even in the form of an absent ghost.
BAD Roman Polanski (The Pianist, Rosemary's Baby, Chinatown) is unquestionably a great filmmaker, but as Marina Zenovich's documentary Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired perhaps unintentionally demonstrates, he's also a creep.
FAIR She has achieved extraordinary access to the other still-living players in the case, and they all seem to be in agreement: Polanski is correct in saying the judge played with him as a cat might play with a mouse.
GOOD This is a superb picture, sharp, open-minded, wised-up and cinematically accomplished. I wonder if any man could've handled the Polanski enigma with the same ironic intelligence [Marina] Zenovich has.
GOOD A clever, contemplative kind of courtroom drama that utilizes the best of Hollywood filmmaking style to tell a story so strange, it must be true.
GOOD Using tons of footage and new interviews with the victim and key legal figures -- but not the subject himself -- director Marina Zenovich shows how Polanski's darker urges were matched on a moral level by others involved in the case.
FAIR Zenovich has made a feature worthy of its eccentric and reckless central figure at his most cynical and embittered.
GOOD None of the interviewees in Marina Zenovich's fascinating documentary manages to make sense of the famous filmmaker's behavior or apparent thinking. But they all have compelling impressions.
FAIR An exhaustive and riveting narrative
BAD Its indictment ultimately feels like a secondary issue to Polanski's apparently incontrovertible guilt, which makes him--in this instance--still more victimizer than victim.
FAIR Seeks to explore both sides of the endless debate and asks all parties to consider every angle before labeling him as a pedophile or misunderstood genius...
GOOD Roman Polanski deserves his badge of dishonor, no question about it. This amazing documentary argues that others need to start sporting one as well.
GOOD a great and somewhat Kafkaesque story that Polanski might have enjoyed directing... had it been fiction.
FAIR Persuasively demonstrates Polanski was guilty as sin, yet his conviction was a miscarriage of justice.
GOOD A subtly intelligent and sharply argued documentary.
FAIR Is Polanski a great filmmaker who made a mistake, or a perverted coward who ran from the law instead of facing the music?
GOOD The Central Park Five," the second best documentary of 2013, examines the case, placing in perfect context of what was happening in 1989 in NYC and how it led to evil both in Central Park and in the offices of the people trying to keep us safe.
GOOD Like the "Paradise Lost" films, it's a shocking but clear-eyed portrait of injustice.
GOOD The Central Park Five is such a moving piece of work, it is difficult to watch at times.
FAIR Expect your blood pressure to rise during The Central Park Five.
GOOD Burns and company conduct a thorough, riveting investigation that does a far better job of assessing the tragedy than the justice system did two decades before. Of course, hindsight is an advantage we all take for granted.
GOOD A heartbreaking expose' about a rush to judgment which ruined five, innocent young lives.
GOOD Exclusive interviews with former heads of Israel's counter terrorism agency reveal insiders' analysis about the country's policies. Fascinating. Frightening.
FAIR How could this second crime have occurred? The film asks that question but only partly answers it, and in the process it raises an even more troubling one.
FAIR "The Central Park Five" is worth seeing, both for the ways it's timeless and for the ways it encapsulates an era.
GOOD What's amazing about listening to them speak now, often through tears, is the absence of bitterness.
GOOD You'll notice something odd as you watch and your anger rises at the injustice of it all: The anger of the wrongly convicted does not.
FAIR What keeps the film from being an impossible downer is the guts and spirit and smart words of the Central Park Five, four of whom, now freed, are interviewed at length.
GOOD At times, this is a devastating film, one that acknowledges the desire for but refuses to buy into an easy answer.
FAIR Among all of the case's horrors, one of the strongest is that a serial rapist ultimately cared more about the truth than the prosecution.
GOOD An unusually good documentary about an outlandish miscarriage of justice.
GOOD Involves a detailed reconstruction of how the story broke, was developed and was dramatized by lurid tabloid headlines.
GOOD A wonderfully vital, illuminating study of the New York of 20-plus years ago.
BAD ... a respectable but often tedious film that adds little to what is already well known about this episode
GOOD A careful, thoughtful documentary that meticulously re-creates what happened on that night and details how and why everything went so terribly off-course.
FAIR A skillfully told and important story, though less factual blow-by-blow and more time spent with the five would have been more compelling.
FAIR Even as "The Central Park Five" seeks satisfactory answers, it stirs outrage and discouragement all over again.
GOOD It's still chilling to see how easily "The Central Park Five" evokes those mad days of urban distrust.
GOOD Director Jennifer Jessum, who also co-produced and co-shot the film with Simon Joseph, adeptly contextualizes White's story within the painful and complex Lakota and Pine Ridge history.
FAIR An efficient talking heads doc that celebrates the band without deigning to hagiography.
GOOD The Eagles live in both the present and the past.
BAD The filmmaker reportedly spent 11 years putting this film together - and for the unlucky viewer, sitting through this numbing and pointless work can seem like an 11-year stretch.
FAIR Persons' short quasi-documentary doesn't offer specific solutions to toxic modernity, but the film itself is a temporary fix for fallen spirits.
FAIR An intimate, meticulously crafted meditation on the impact of civilization on the natural and spiritual landscape of the American South.
GOOD "General Orders No. 9" is a tone poem laid over 72 minutes' worth of images, many of them lovely, and is, as its press material says, "unlike any film you have ever seen."
BAD General Orders No. 9 strains for elegiac profundity and ends up as bad, backward-looking poetry.
BAD The film haphazardly follows the self-destructive path by which, in its own words, "deer trail becomes Indian trail becomes county road becomes interstate."
BAD Not quite documentary, yet by no means drama, "Inside the Mind of Leonardo" is what might be called poetic biography: maddeningly fragmentary and idiosyncratic, but 100 percent true.
FAIR The movie is less about telling us what Da Vinci achieved and how, but attempting to figure out why he did what he did.
FAIR captivating and compelling
GOOD An extraordinarily-insightful endeavor urging Evangelicals to examine their own morality in relation to Jesus' words instead of conveniently pointing fingers at folks they've long since dismissed as heathens.
FAIR Although it's somewhat messy in its organization and execution, Lord, Save Us From Your Followers is a great example of the modern essay film in action.
GOOD Godfrey Cheshire, a highly acclaimed film critic, uses his cinematic smarts and sensibility to good effect in "Moving Midway," his documentary about the relocation of his ancestral home, an antebellum N.C. plantation named Midway.
BAD It is more successful as a study of Dixie social sciences than as a family video diary.
FAIR The details behind the actual move are the least interesting part of the film; far more compelling is the "history" of slavery as presented through a polished Hollywood veneer.
GOOD Cheshire deftly interweaves different interpretations of the antebellum South, through architecture, family memories (black and white), history, and popular culture.
GOOD In its 98 minutes, film critic Godfrey Cheshire's documentary Moving Midway records an amazing architectural feat, and that's the least of its virtues.
GOOD Quirky yet thoughtful.
FAIR Moving Midway tells three stories, each one worthy of a film of its own.
GOOD An admirable examination of one family's belated attempt to come to grips with, if not atone for, its role in America's original sin.
FAIR There is a satisfyingly Faulknerian air of bizarreness about the episode, and the shots of the grand old house being trundled down country roads are amazing.
GOOD Tells a fascinating and complicated story of regional identity.
GOOD When film critic Godfrey Cheshire decided to make a movie of his own, he found the ideal subject right in his backyard.
FAIR The historical and the personal converge in Moving Midway, Godfrey Cheshire's analytical and emotive portrait of ancestral roots and antebellum mystique.
FAIR You'll be haunted.
GOOD Ring of Fire is not about boxing. It's about the importance of tolerance and the power of forgiveness.
GOOD Estabelecendo o estilo que marcaria sua carreira, Broomfield cria um documentario que, para revelar a personalidade de seu protagonista, utiliza a estranha (e hilaria) tatica de irrita-lo ao maximo.
FAIR Amusing documentary duel at the video arcade.
GOOD Seth Gordon's unexpectedly engrossing documentary about the quest for a "Donkey Kong" record - a seeming paradise only for the pale and pasty -offered a fascinating, infuriating look at the bleakly funny morass of American social expectations.
GOOD Even if you've never so much as eaten a single ghost in a game of Ms. Pac-Man, King of Kong is still a remarkable (and remarkably hilarious) film.
FAIR It's clear that director Seth Gordon is rooting for Wiebe - but it is not just a trick of the editing that means within 30 minutes of the political machinations of Kong beginning, you will be too.
FAIR A great little documentary, full of laughs, drama and tension. It's like Rocky, but with a joystick. And an opponent who isn't actually seen stepping into the ring.
FAIR You could hardly call it a paragon of impartial filmmaking, but this is still a compelling and immersive glance into the nature of competitiveness and the corrupting aspects of fame.
GOOD An engrossing story that plucks at the heartstrings just as hard as it pummels the fire buttons.
GOOD Gordon invites us to snicker at his cast of hardcore gamers, for whom 'Donkey Kong' tournaments are as vital as Super Bowls and as divisive as the war on abortion. But once embedded in their strange world, he finds a compelling story to tell.
GOOD Unquestionably the most engaging and flat-out entertaining documentary since Murderball...
GOOD an oddly entertaining and exciting documentary that at times looks like a mockumentary
GOOD You could say it's sort of like Murderball, only these guys' disabilities are of the social variety. At any rate, it's a great film
GOOD "When We Were Kings" for dorks.
FAIR The King of Kong is as winning, sweet, and occasionally disturbing a documentary about people for whom time has stopped somewhere around 1982 as you'd ever want to see.
FAIR A terrifically entertaining documentary about an unlikely subject.
FAIR It's very earnest. And funny. And endearing.
GOOD Mitchell is a ringer for Ben Stiller's pompous villain in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.
GOOD Wonderful, hilarious documentary.
GOOD Painful and interesting to watch, even with such clear black and white characters. See it if you can.
GOOD The King of Kong is proof that you don't need Earth shattering events of cosmic import to create a compelling film.
GOOD Seth Gordon's feature-length documentary about obsessive arcade gamers could possibly be the most entertaining thing you could do on a Saturday night.
GOOD A documentary that successfully takes it to the next level.
GOOD The remarkable thing about The King of Kong is how its quixotic alternate universe quickly becomes a recognizable microcosm of our own real thing.
FAIR Nerds rule.
FAIR The big laughs here come from the subjects' self-absorption.
GOOD With the results up in the air until the very end of the film, you will care who wins the goofy contest.
GOOD An operatic tragicomedy of rivalry, jealousy, failure, and success.
GOOD A gripping yarn, an edge-of-your-seat thriller, as well as a mocking insider's view and a genuine giggle.
GOOD This may take place in the insular world of men who spend too much time in front of dimly-lit video screens, but that does not make this very un-Homeric struggle for glory any less engaging.
FAIR It's almost embarrassing how compelling this film becomes...
GOOD Kong has more humor, more drama and more humanity than all of the summer's top 10 movies combined and even delivers some sly commentary on how out of whack American priorities have become.
GOOD One of the smartest documentaries of the year, and easily the funniest.
GOOD It's a nightmare that starts like a normal daytime drive and ends in a vortex-like sinkhole.
FAIR As Leslie Cockburn's camera roams the foreclosed rowhouses of Baltimore, their planked-up doors reminiscent of shots from The Wire, I thought: Baltimore needs some good PR.
FAIR Much of the final two-thirds of the documentary can have a TV newsmagazine feel: solidly presented, but not shaped to a larger end. As self-righteousness sets in, however justified, so does a certain artistic slackness.
FAIR Putting a face on the incomprehensible figures, the film takes a look at some of the victims, middle-class professionals who bought into the dream of home ownership and lost everything.
FAIR If there's an overarching theme it's that people respond to incentives and so regulation of the financial market is necessary to see that the incentives offered are not perverse.
FAIR The documentary details in no-nonsense, talking-head style how commercial and investment banks moved high-risk mortgages out into the economy, dumping debt and reaping profits in the process.
BAD A lopsided, visually uninspired film that works best when it eschews the complex numbers-crunching of its financial industry pundits and whistle-blowers to profile the everyday victims of the crisis.
GOOD The best look to date at the rotten US housing mortgage system that developed over the last ten years. Clear enough to make you cry.
FAIR The piece finds a balance between the tearjerkers caught in the crossfire and the reckless bidders who don't seem to feel troubled for the life of excess at the expense of others.
BAD The movie's lack of Michael Moore-style dynamism has a dulling effect.
FAIR Has the feel of a quickie made-for-TV doc. It's bare bones ... but timely.
FAIR The lesson of this story: if enough money is involved, greed trumps morality.
FAIR A riveting and multidimensional examination of the subprime mortgage meltdown and its devastating impact on homeowners from poor African-Americans to wealthy Californians with swimming pools.
GOOD A damning documentary which makes a convincing case that neither the federal government nor the corporate elite could care less about the plight of the working class.
FAIR an angry film for an angry country
BAD The film is designed for the public, but because it's made up of interviews with financial insiders -- and financial insiders talk like experts, not like high school economics teachers -- some of this information may be difficult for lay people to follow.
GOOD A revelatory howl against the still-gestating, $8 trillion-and-counting financial-services industry bailout, American Casino follows the money that changed hands, or account columns, at every step of the subprime home-loan scam.
BAD Zzzzz...
FAIR "Sleep Furiously" is a lovely film, but maddeningly complacent.
BAD Beautifully shot but more than a little sterile.
BAD Ultimately, the first impression given - of a place both familiar and strange - is the only impression offered. It's not enough.
GOOD Gideon Koppel's free-form portrait of a Welsh farming community may be the most subtly poetic piece of cine-anthropology to come down the pike in eons.
FAIR A paean to the dignity of ritualized traditions that aims for poetic calmness, but more often smoothes its subjects into deliberately emblematic somnambulism.
FAIR This film is best taken as a visual ode to an all-but-forgotten way of life.
GOOD Sleep Furiously may be the most beautifully elemental documentary film to have emerged in Britain in over a decade and I can't applaud it loudly enough.
BAD Even though it's sometimes picturesque and involving, it's also so achingly slow and indulgent that it will test even the most patient viewers.
GOOD This is as fully formed and unique a debut movie as you could ever hope to see.
GOOD Images of wistful sadness - lone figures with plodding dogs on rain-lashed hillsides - are interlaced with humour and moments of skin-prickling beauty that leave the audience undone.
GOOD The film has richness and an unshowy compassion, its grammar and pace adjusting to the tempo of the countryside.
GOOD Sleep furiously is a film whose lower-case title is in perfect keeping with the understated but tremulous mood it manages, with rare skill, to create and to maintain.
GOOD A poetic, profound and contemplative journey into a world of endings and beginnings.
FAIR More a mood piece than a typical documentary, it takes time to acclimatise to Gideon Koppel's quiet study of life in his mum's Welsh village, but once you're in there is much to enjoy.
GOOD It's unusually tender and eccentric, and Koppel's personal sadness at the passing of this way of life is palpable.
GOOD Koppel's film transcends the pedagogic to touch the celebratory, the holistic, the mystical.
GOOD The elegiac tenderness and pictorial beauty of Gideon Koppel's film becomes, by degrees, quite compelling.
GOOD An astonishing, gorgeously crafted and surprisingly absorbing film.
FAIR Delicate, dignified but also undeniably dull, Sleep Furiously captures perhaps all too well the slow rhythms of a disappearing idyll.
BAD This is not compelling film making; it just makes you hope that these kids will lighten up and learn to enjoy life.
FAIR The presence of a film crew may have encouraged drama.
BAD It pains me to say it, but as far as I can see it's an extended and slightly better crafted example of those fake 'reality TV' shows.
FAIR American Teen follows the zeitgeist of documentary filmmaking, where truth is manipulated in order to create an entertaining film, which it no doubt is. Yet the question of its authenticity will linger in the minds of some viewers.
FAIR An intriguing look -- alternately funny and heartbreaking -- inside the heads of today's teens.
FAIR In contrast to other recent documentaries about coming of age in America, American Teen seems somewhat simplistic, perhaps naive.
BAD An addictive documentary that'll have you cheering and crying, then waiting for the director to jump out from behind your sofa and say it was all a big joke.
GOOD Funny and fresh, it won't break boundaries but it will make anyone thankful for growing up.
GOOD Anyone who doesn't like it can stay behind after class.
BAD The tears and laughter are genuine enough, but Berstein's orchestrations make her less of a fly on the wall than a fly in the ointment.
FAIR Although elements of the movie appear stage managed it is still a very watchable document of everyday lives.
GOOD This absorbing doc is a funny, heartbreaking reminder that we're all wounded survivors of the original war zone.
FAIR Compelling but not especially insightful, this is like watching nine months worth of reality TV in an hour and a half. Parental discretion is advised: if you have teens, this won't cheer you up.
FAIR Despite its flashy approach, American Teen remains emotionally involving because of the lives on show. You will care about these people, even if you suspect the director doesn't.
BAD It's a lightly amusing film but it's also an unchallenging one which reinforces presumptions about kids rather than surprising with new insights. It floats in the shallow end of filmmaking.
FAIR The documentary curriculum is sex, gossip and self-pity. Not exactly original, but disturbingly true.
BAD This film was for me marred by the persistent suspicion that the director wasn't being entirely straight with us.
GOOD What makes American Teen so compelling is the way the four are presented. At first they seem like stock stereotypes, but over the course of the movie, we gain a powerful insight into what makes them tick.
FAIR Imagine High School Musical 3 without the singing, dancing or perfect teeth.
FAIR At times it looks rather staged for camera, in the manner of reality television, but there's a lot more to like and enjoy here than you might suppose.
FAIR Burstein orchestrates their passage through school with some sympathy and no real revelations - except for the fact that she guesses, probably correctly, that most teenagers are nothing like as dangerous and bolshie as a lot of adults believe.
GOOD A hugely enjoyable documentary with likeable characters and familiar, but no less compelling storylines, though you do wonder just how much of it was staged for the cameras.
GOOD What it might lack in plausibility, it makes up for with charm, laughs and an optimistic ending.
BAD She shoehorns their personal details into predictable teen movie narrative arcs, draining any life out of them in the process and turning them into annoying caricatures. narrative arcs, draining any life out of them in the process and turni
FAIR While compelling and nostalgic, American Teen is also like high school because it's hard to sort out the pure motives of the film
BAD dieisdytikotero ap' o,ti tha perimenes na prokypsei apo ena systima parakoloythisis mias pragmatikotitas poy tha perimenes na min tis aresei idiaitera na ektithetai se tetoio bathmo
FAIR Damn, I really do not miss high school.
FAIR Doesn't take full advantage of the opportunity offered by a year-long glimpse into young lives. One is left to wonder what Errol Morris would have done with the challenge.
BAD ...has its heart in the right place, but I don't think it breaks any new ground exploring the teen years.
FAIR Presents a neat and compact overview of youth under pressure to conform, perform and mature.
GOOD Either one of the most intimate and revealing documentaries ever made about the trials and tribulations of being a teenager in America or a clever fraud.
FAIR Written and directed by Nanette Burstein, it's like an intricate and many-layered slice of reality television transferred to the big screen, by turns funny, sad, painful, embarrassing, crude and strangely moving.
FAIR Several remarkable sequences illustrate just how oblivious some teens can be to the fact they are being recorded.
GOOD A surprising film, and quite an impressive one.
FAIR American Teen does its job: It invites us into the lives of people we wouldn't ordinarily meet or, maybe, care about.
GOOD American Teen is one of the smartest, funniest, and downright entertaining movies you'll see all year.
GOOD We were on the edges of our seats, willing Jake not to ruin this moment with the girl, hoping Megan realizes her mistake, urging Hannah out of the car, cheering Colin's game, nurturing Mitch's discovery of just being yourself. It is a visceral ride throu
GOOD A doctored snapshot that nails the angst, hope and spirit of an emerging generation.
BAD Burstein's goal was to film an authentic senior year of high school. Instead she showed that it's almost an impossibility.
BAD See this film to relive those high school days that you have tried to forget. Or, just talk to your kids.
BAD It's diverting if you don't mind the pretense, or if you believe everything you see at the movies.
GOOD Meeting the demands of justice whilst filtering out the thirst for vengeance is no easy matter; here, the distinction is a matter of primacy.
GOOD Though its subject is specifically about the Nazis, this also says a lot about politics, law and the nature of pity.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not like Treasure Island when you see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
BAD Hit and miss tribute to the great melancholist.
FAIR Cohen is clearly a songwriter's songwriter, and the resulting movie brims with an infectious passion for the man's melodies and sardonic wit. Unfortunately, the performances are interspersed with interview footage that is much less captivating.
FAIR It's not a deep documentary. We learn precious little about the real man underneath his sharp-dressed pose.
GOOD The fact is, any Leonard Cohen documentary automatically risks inelegance by contrast to its subject's artistic example. But here's the flip side of that coin: Cohen is so good that even an untimely, mediocre movie about him... resonate[s].
FAIR Cohen fans -- myself included -- will leave the film's interviews wanting more insight. Moviegoers unfamiliar with Cohen's long career will wonder why he warrants gushing testimonials from U2's Bono.
FAIR Despite the missteps during takeoff and landing, the film does prove to be an engaging and beguiling journey with a true original.
GOOD The proof of Cohen's genius is in the music, and Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man drives that genius home with virtually every stanza.
FAIR First-time filmmaker Lian Lunson has struck the mother lode here.
BAD Even if Cohen is your man, is this your movie? ... Despite Lunson's reverent efforts, I'm Your Man isn't The Last Waltz.
GOOD A moving tribute to this legendary artist's life and career.
FAIR I'm Your Man never quite gets its man in a coherent frame, but for all its zigs and zags outside the lines, the portrait of Cohen that emerges is a fascinating one.
FAIR An odd but enjoyable concoction of biography, music commentary and concert.
BAD Wouldn't $10 be more wisely spent on his greatest hits?
GOOD You know it has to be coming, but when it does, 'Suzanne' almost stops time with its prayerful beauty.
FAIR In the end, it's Cohen's songs that are what this loving musical portrait is all about.
BAD We hardly get to know Cohen from the biographical shorthand melded to a worshipful tribute show in which the Canadian singer-songwriter never even appears.
BAD A tribute concert with earnest but mostly average performances gussied up with fawning if passionate praise from admirers and occasional bits of self-deprecation from Cohen himself.
GOOD Whatever the approach, the songs are sturdy enough to support it while remaining resigned and elusive, their words practically glowing in the dark.
BAD It's an incompetent mess.
FAIR Entertaining, if lightly inquisitive, tribute concert film.
GOOD The performers capture the deep, heartfelt hum of Cohen's voice and deliver a haunting tribute to a poetic soul.
GOOD It tastefully serves the darkly searching sensitivity of a brave original.
FAIR As a movie subject, Cohen has proven equally electrifying and elusive.
FAIR You leave the theater in no doubt that he was born with the gift.
FAIR For those of us hard-wired since birth to sing the praises of this melancholy Montreal poet-musician, the film is a singular pleasure.
FAIR Cohen frequently isn't talking -- the subject too often goes missing from his own portrait.
GOOD The only thing that matters is the music, if that's bad, the film will suck and if it's great, well...that's what you pay your money for.
FAIR A well-meaning but ultimately unsatisfying film.
BAD Offering both too little material and too much, the movie leaves us in the bizarre position of understanding its subject no better by the end than we did at the beginning.
GOOD It's as much a reference documentary as it is an appreciation piece or inspirational experience...
BAD The resulting tribute may be a puff piece, but it's also informative and often entertaining.
BAD The film's working premise -- that the first 21 years of an artist's career define his career -- is an artificial self-imposition. But Dunaway and Wood toss out that analytic structure from the start.
GOOD There are great clips and good insight, and it's all as loose and cool as an Austin night out.
BAD Every word spoken would feel right at home in an electronic press kit.
BAD 21 Years: Richard Linklater is a puff piece about the American indie film titan that lacks the insight and analysis necessary to make it a strong retrospective of a great artist.
BAD Of greatest damage to the doc's coherence is its wholehearted belief that its subjects are offering firsthand reports worth hearing.
GOOD So many astonishing and inspirational events take place that if The Heart Of The Game wasn't such a great documentary, it could have and should have been a box office hit drama.
FAIR A nice little documentary that proves that nice guys, and nice girls, don't always finish last.
FAIR It doesn't seem appropriate to call it luck, but somehow Mr. Serrill ends up with a story that would make any Hollywood sports movie proud.
GOOD Might best be thought of as a female version Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A true sports lover's delight.
BAD Boredom and irritation set in early with this shallow, parochial and blandly celebratory documentary about a US high-school girls' basketball team, of frankly limited interest to non-US audiences.
FAIR It's packed with left-field twists and turns and culminates in a genuinely nail-biting match where old rivalries come to a head. In the end, it's all you can do not to stand up and cheer.
BAD It shifts focus too often to hang together as an in-depth portrait of either the unconventional coach or his headstrong star player.
GOOD The result is nothin' but net.
FAIR Who needs faux melodramatic school sports stories when a real-life documentary like Heart of the Game shows it in living, breathing heart-wrenching color?
GOOD Emotional, uplifting, vexing and infuriating, it's the first basketball documentary worthy of being compared to 1994's Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A filmmaker of great patience, Serrill chronicled Resler's teams for several years, demonstrating that if one sticks to a subject long enough, powerful things will emerge.
GOOD An astounding drama that spans seven years, wrestling with issues of race, gender and class while capturing the struggles of competition with intelligence and intimacy.
FAIR The girls' theatrical ferocity, relative innocence and youthful earnestness is almost heartbreaking.
FAIR Few athletic films, factual or dramatized, have given so keen a sense of how a team builds and changes, and how acutely the grind and elation of a fast, complex sport can shape character and lives.
GOOD Occasionally thrilling, often challenging and consistently engaging ...
FAIR The film leaves screenwriting duties to the wildest and most creative of the lot: Fate and Chance.
GOOD Serrill is ... able to generate some genuine suspense, and the ensuing human drama -- most of it swirling around Russell, one of the few black students at the mostly white school -- is fascinating.
FAIR An exhausting and thoroughly entertaining tale of race, fair play, loyalty, pregnancy and the true spirit of amateur athletics.
FAIR Serrill touches on important issues ... but what his movie does best is capture the thrill of high-school sports and the offbeat personalities within the game.
FAIR Darnellia is an inspiring and engaging heroine, and her story speaks volumes about the marginalization of women's athletics.
GOOD Serrill, making his feature debut after numerous short promotional films, takes a story that is seemingly about one thing, and uses it to gently explore the bigger ideas of gender, race, class, cooperation, competition and what winning really means.
GOOD It's almost impossible to refrain from cheering as if you were right there in the stands.
GOOD Its squeak-and-sweat athleticism, its tough, bruised, big-hearted players and its electrifying championship countdowns should appeal to anyone who loves the game.
FAIR [The Roughriders] persevere, as did director Serrill, who took his time to find the real heart of this game.
GOOD Not a sports documentary but a being-human documentary.
GOOD One of the best documentaries I've seen this year.
GOOD An exhilarating story of loyalty and perseverance, The Heart of the Game succeeds as both inspiration and social commentary.
GOOD You'll be smiling and happy as you leave the The Heart of the Game, with a newfound respect for girls' basketball and those who play it.
FAIR The film is a mildly interesting work that, with judicious pruning, could have been so much more.
BAD It dribbles more often than it scores.
GOOD It is fun to watch, stimulating to experience and something you want to share with friends.
FAIR The pat inspirational formula is followed to a sweaty T, although it comes here with an inadvertent side effect -- more than a few nagging questions never get answered.
GOOD A classic.
GOOD Kwaidan's haunting poetry is conveyed not only in its beautiful color images, but also through the chilling soundtrack.
FAIR Magnifico do ponto de vista estetico, conta com uma direcao de arte brilhante e quadros compostos com inspiracao absoluta, alem de ter um inventivo design de som. Mas a montagem adota um ritmo excessivamente arrastado que torna a narrativa entediante.
GOOD It can still hold its own against the new generation of horror films still sourcing it. Well worth a look.
GOOD Couple these sound effects and voices with some remarkable pictorial images and the consequence is a horror picture with an extraordinarily delicate and sensuous quality.
FAIR All show and nobody home.
GOOD They're not likely to scare you outright, but hopefully you too can appreciate the craft and artistry with which they are told.
FAIR ...the ghostly samurai court listening to Hoichi, and the samurai battle effectively form visual haikus that remain in the mind's eye
GOOD a visually ravishing film that uses dazzling color palettes and carefully composed widescreen photography to bring the viewer into an entirely supernatural world
GOOD We've grown accustomed to more violent, more suspenseful, and scarier stories than these, but there's no questioning the quality of this film.
BAD The writing is humorous, if not especially daring. The editing, though, could be more crisp.
FAIR Simply goes on way too long, the good parts diluted by marginal material the same way anchovies'll ruin a perfectly good Meat Lover's Special.
FAIR Hopefully next time Balmes makes a documentary, he'll have more of a purpose in mind, because without it, he's simply not giving his audience any reason to care.
BAD If not falling head over heels for a film that is literally just 80 minutes of cute babies makes me a grump, so be it.
BAD On a scale of one to a hundred (one featuring no babies at all, and a hundred featuring all the babies in all of existence) this film could still only be classified as 'babies'.
GOOD Inaugura um novo genero: o do "filme-awwwwww".
FAIR It won't make a dent in the box office and it can hardly be considered essential viewing, but it's serene, unpretentious, and boasts more than enough cute moments to justify its existence. Parents, I imagine, will love it.
FAIR A simple idea, but very nicely done by French documentarian Thomas Balmes.
FAIR The intimate footage draws attention to the obvious contrasts between plenty and poverty.
FAIR Director Thomas Balmes has a hands-off and words-off style of direction. It's to be welcomed. We all know the sort of thing mums and dads say to babies, so subtitles would be extraneous.
GOOD The baby stars were given the go ahead to improvise every scene. The magic came in the editing suite (Raymond Bertrand, Craig McKay).
BAD ...an absolutely interminable piece of work that seems destined to send most viewers into protracted fits of daydreaming.
FAIR When forced to watch home movies %u2014 and this is simply a glorified home movie %u2014 most of us nod and smile and start checking our watches.
GOOD A beautiful and entirely embraceable bit of cinema, and a welcome break from the pablum normally served up at theaters this time of year.
FAIR Babies is one of the most human fly-on-the-wall docs I've ever come across.
BAD For the first part of the movie the cuteness of the babies is enough but after that the sameness of the film starts to sink in and the need for something else arises.
BAD I think babies are like fantasy football teams. I have my own, which I love, to the point of obsession. But I'm not nearly as interested in some complete stranger talking about his own for an hour and a half. Much less four of them.
BAD Once you get past the cute factor there is little left to enjoy.
GOOD It's a movie without a plot; a documentary without narration. It's a wonder about small wonders. 'Babies' is about four cultures of the world and how they raise their babies %u2013 the differences, the similarities, and, ultimately, the happiness involved
BAD Yes, I get it. Babies are cute. But this documentary runs about an hour long to prove that point.
GOOD ...a kind of narrative tone poem that ultimately works as a mildly chiding critique of helicopter mothers and parents who worship at the cult of the sacred baby.
FAIR Infants on the big screen are usually exploited as blasts of cuteness, comic relief, or wisecracking, diaper-clad versions of grownups. Thus, Babies is a welcome relief.
FAIR This observant, if simplistic, documentary makes pop human anthropology delightfully unpredictable, engaging and photogenic.
GOOD Enthralling - the audience cheers each exhilarating, step-by-step accomplishment.
FAIR Who needs heavy analysis when all you want is a cute fix?
FAIR Never overstays its welcome and manages to be curiously engaging, heartfelt, funny and amusing at times, but without much-needed insight, it leaves you feeling unenlightened and slightly underwhelmed.
GOOD There's no narrator telling us what we're looking at or what to think. The adults here speak different languages, but the film is such a tour de force of visual storytelling that subtitles are unnecessary.
GOOD It's familiar and engaging for anyone who's a parent, and should probably be required viewing for anyone who wants to be one.
GOOD Really, it's a nature documentary, except that the topic is human nature and the subjects are the only humans on the planet whose behaviour is unaffected by the camera.
FAIR Babies begins to gain telling traction as the small triumphs start to come faster toward the sixth-month mark. Things begin to look up once the infants begin to, well, look up.
GOOD Watch a baby for a while and chances are you'll be entertained. Multiply that times four and you have BabiesM/em>, a documentary as funny, charming and un-self-conscious as its subjects.
GOOD Might restore your faith in our perplexing, peculiar and stubbornly lovable species.
GOOD Worldy docu might challenge cultural ideas about parenting.
BAD With its fantastic images, which prompt us to grin in unison and nod in knowing recognition, this documentary is as soothing and edifying as watching a video loop of the Yuletide log.
GOOD Everyone tells you how to raise a kid -- this doc shows you how to feel like one.
GOOD Holy Rollers looks slick for a documentary, and despite utilizing the talking heads-style approach, it does so with an eye for interesting composition.
GOOD Fascinating.
FAIR Dad I not known that this was a documentary, I could have convinced myself that this was a Woody Allen comedy about a genius inventor of screwball machines.
GOOD A rousing documentary and the most hopeful political film of 2015 about the triumph of a small union.
FAIR It has a beautiful, low-key approach that earns its cheers and tears without resorting to the manipulative or dramatic tricks of a typical feature film.
GOOD How do you say Norma Rae in Spanish?
FAIR As it stands, The Hand That Feeds is an illuminating sidebar to the conversations around the U.S. economy and immigration reform.
FAIR ...the necessary record of a fight for the most basic sorts of human rights.
FAIR "Louder Than a Bomb" has a lot in common with such documentaries as "Spellbound" and "Mad Hot Ballroom": charismatic, if obsessed, kids and nail-biting suspense.
GOOD Think of it as "Glee'' without music. Without a net, too.
GOOD The kids whom Jacobs and Siskel have chosen for us to watch are so enthralling, with such remarkable life stories, that their autobiographical poems have actual power.
FAIR An emotionally-evocative poetry slam blasting the King's English to smithereens leaving Ebonics as the last language standing!
GOOD Having a bad day? Then get yourself to Greg Jacobs and Jon Siskel's life-affirming documentary, immediately.
FAIR [M]ore focus on showy slam than ...writing poetry. How the best performers-and the best young poets-dig down deep and polish their work, finally makes this a satisfying film.
FAIR The sheer breadth of talent is so astonishing, and the rhymes so clearly from the heart, that our spirits are inevitably lifted.
FAIR Who says poetry has to be dull?
FAIR The efforts to document the teams' creative processes aren't particularly successful - no camera can capture something that elusive - but the filmmakers do a fine job with the back stories of the featured poets.
FAIR The filmmakers showcase an art form diverse enough to include a panoply of styles and methods.
FAIR "Louder Than a Bomb" is a good reminder that students need a variety of opportunities to excel.
GOOD A documentary about the competition between inner city and suburban high school poetry teams to win Chicago's 'Louder Than A Bomb' teen poetry rave. The teens hone their rhyming skills and styles until they're nothing less than terrific.
GOOD What 2002's hit Spellbound did for spelling bees, this inspiring documentary does doubly well for high school spoken-word poetry slams.
FAIR Seeing the kids achieve catharsis and really come alive on stage captures poetry's power to connect people, both to each other and to themselves.
GOOD Siskel and Jacobs focus on the performances, which are inspiring and electrifying.
FAIR The hit-to-miss ratio is high and the films underscore what makes a great short work: a solid idea expanded into a brief, powerful vision of the world.
FAIR What's great about programs like this is that there are countless shorts submitted to Sundance, and those selected are the very best.
FAIR Robert AA Lowe makes for an enigmatic talisman. But it would require a properly powerful incantation for Spell to translate into magic.
FAIR It is arresting in many ways and concerned to elucidate the experience of being on one's own. Is any other state possible?
FAIR As a rumination on existence, this never gets as deep or as insightful as it wants to.
FAIR For some this will feel like an arthouse endurance test, but it's shot with real beauty.
FAIR It's a film of contrasts - community and solitude, silence and primal noise, darkness and light - beautifully shot, wilfully slow and enjoyably baffling.
BAD The interpretation is less important than the trip.
GOOD Ben Rivers and Ben Russell's ethnographic exploration for a kind of profound utopian moment acquires its clearest, and most intimate, articulation in their long takes of Robert A.A. Lowe and other corpse-painted musicians.
GOOD This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
FAIR For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
GOOD What do developing countries need? Trade, not aid, this provocative documentary argues.
GOOD Miyazaki dispenses endlessly quotable observations. For example: 'Filmmaking only brings suffering... How do we know movies are even worthwhile? If you really think about it, is this not just some grand hobby?'
FAIR Like Ghibli's features, Kingdom is a friendly, elegiac, approachable movie. But it lacks the studio's well-polished sense of energy and commitment.
FAIR Go behind the scenes at Studio Ghibli, see Miyazaki at work.
BAD Sunada-san's privileged access doesn't uncover enough serendipitous magic or compelling drama to justify the two-hour runtime.
FAIR If you're not enraptured with the work of Hayao Miyazaki, Isao Takahata and the rest of the artists at Ghibli, it may not be precisely what you're looking for, but Sanada captures something poetic about art and creativity ...
GOOD This seemingly ordinary biographical documentary about the retiring animation master unfolds, at a deceptively gentle pace, into a work of immense beauty.
FAIR The documentary is hesitant to show the great work that resulted from Hayao Miyazaki's "grand hobby," never including clips from the classics referred to throughout.
FAIR A long and revealing -- but not quite revealing enough -- look inside Studio Ghibli and the animation master who made it -- Hayao Miyazaki
GOOD Future generations may be as grateful for its footage of Hayao Miyazaki sketching as we now are of early Beatles Super 8 films.
BAD Miyazaki pours himself fully into his art, and it is both pleasure and privilege to watch it happen.
FAIR ...depicts a fiercely talented performer who has created...a temple to his own cult. While the resulting spectacle may be distasteful in its egotism and indulgence, there's no doubting the drive and devotion of a man for whom the world truly is a stage.
FAIR The movie is pretty standard behind-the-scenes fare most of the time, but kudos to O'Brien for allowing the filmmakers to portray him in a light that's not always flattering.
FAIR An alternately revealing and concealing vanity project that gives O'Brien a chance to vent his anger, ventilate his underlings (with his rapier wit) and play rock star alongside such celebrity enablers as Eddie Vedder and Jack White.
GOOD It's hard to feel sorry for a guy who banked millions for not hosting "The Tonight Show" anymore, but it's also fascinating to see a man this compulsively driven to get back in front of people and tell jokes, to hear the laughter, to soak in the applause.
GOOD ...a compact, compelling study of the classic manic comic personality in full overdrive.
FAIR It's (the) insight and honesty that elevates the film, transforming it into an inspiring -- if a shade or two less than truly intimate -- portrait of an immensely likable man
FAIR For the most part, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop plays like a fairly typical tour documentary...
FAIR Some of the concert footage and backstage banter with the writers is extremely funny, but the funny is in shorter supply than you'd expect.
BAD While a lot of geography is covered, as a concert film, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop is decidedly thin entertainment.
GOOD The shows themselves are tremendous fun, and Flender crams so much backstage detail into the doc that we're swept up in the whirlwind of manic action along with everyone else.
FAIR It's ... entertaining, not to mention revealing about the emotional toll exacted upon people who, in O'Brien's words, "feed their bone marrow to the wood chipper that is television."
FAIR An entertaining documentary that captures a singular performer at a singular moment in his long career.
FAIR Members of Team Coco &#65279;will eat it up. But even those on Team Jay (Leno) can't deny that the film is a fascinating look at one of TV's most creative personalities.
FAIR Surprisingly, and sadly, this documentary about the titular comedian's comedy tour doesn't contain much comedy. Though it is an intriguing portrait of a very talented workaholic.
FAIR Just as he promised, amazing things happen.
FAIR The movie illustrates its title, showing O'Brien as a driven performer who can't stop trying to entertain.
BAD Meta-irony can get a guy who's still grinding an ax only so far.
FAIR O'Brien admits he ended this moment in his life knowing himself a little better. We feel the same way.
FAIR Partly about the making of the stage show and partly about the anger and compulsion underlying the making of it, the movie is often very funny. And when it's not, it's revelatory.
FAIR O'Brien is a compelling guy. The film probably pulls some punches, but it feels like a candid portrait.
FAIR It's a chance to hang out with one of the funniest men alive for an hour and a half. That's really all the movie is, which is fine by me.
BAD It's nice to know that the son of a lawyer and a microbiologist can get into Harvard and make something of himself.
FAIR A serviceable behind-the-scenes tour documentary with about as much insight as a talk-show monologue.
BAD Full of unenlightening snippets and blithe but banal asides, what the movie is missing is edge.
BAD Conan O'Brien Can't Stop serves as a fine character reference, but, in overlooking the controversy and much of the actual show, it downplays its subject as well.
FAIR The film, like the tour, will satisfy the Conan cravings of hardcore fans the most, and prove an enjoyable enough diversion for the rest.
FAIR Seeing his life from the inside, the impulse to judge him fades. You would not want to trade places.
FAIR [O'Brien] may not be the most fun to hang around, but you may not find a more honest showbiz documentary anytime soon.
FAIR The documentary makes the case that O'Brien is too passionate, too complex, too driven to simply snap out of it.
FAIR If "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop" is consistently watchable, it isn't especially funny, nor does it give any deeper insight into its star than you might get from seeing his late-night shows.
FAIR Substantially more than a vanity project if less than a three-dimensional portrait of the human stick figure with the shock of orangey hair.
BAD Can't stop what... complaining?
FAIR There are solid laughs and meta-laughs to be had in "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop,'' but the movie is most worthwhile as a portrait of a celebrity in mid-hissy fit. A creative, self-aware hissy fit, but still.
FAIR What we are seeing is a man determined to vindicate himself after a public humiliation. People attend his shows, cheer him, like him. That proves something, doesn't it?
FAIR The more invested you are in Team Coco, the more you'll enjoy this look into a distinctly heightened period in the life of a celebrity.
GOOD Captures in entertaining and sometimes excruciating detail the trauma that live performers willingly put themselves through, partly to entertain us but also to fuel some drive in themselves.
GOOD But perhaps the most compelling mystery of all: Why-except for a meagre attempt at selling her landscapes for postcards in Europe-did she never 'push' her art into the world?
GOOD An absorbing, fascinating and ethically complex film that questions whether an artist's personal life should be open for exploration.
GOOD The filmmakers have done a grand job of tracking down everyone who crossed paths with Maier, and their stories piece together a compelling portrait of a unique and vital talent.
FAIR Absolutely fascinating doco about the secret life of Vivian Maier, a plain-looking Chicago nanny who secretly took hundreds of thousands of street photographs during her life without telling or showing anyone.
FAIR This is a film that starts out being about an unknown artist and ends up being about something more complex and challenging: a person.
GOOD Driven by a genuinely consuming curiosity, taking delight in excavating hitherto unavailable information about a creative enigma whom, perhaps, would rather remain that way.
FAIR Maier's life tells us one thing: great photographers always show themselves in their work, even if they never show their work.
BAD Whether or not you can justify viewing Maier's work without her consent, it's pretty clearly not okay to rummage through her personal life just to satisfy a tawdry curiosity.
GOOD Filled with wonderful examples of her art, alongside interviews with her former employers and the now-grown children once in her charge, the movie is a testimony to the value of Maier's work and to the unending strangeness of human personality.
FAIR A fascinating story which continues to raise more questions than it answers.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is a tantalising and utterly fascinating film but one which can't ever quite explain the mystery of Maier.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is not without its frustrations. And that, we suspect, is exactly what she would have wanted.
GOOD A strangely haunting tale of a life quietly slipping away unnoticed.
GOOD Finding Vivian Maier is one of those fascinating documentaries that unearths an unknown artist and in a slow reveal creates a tantalising and ambiguous picture of the "missing" person.
GOOD This is a fascinating study.
FAIR An intriguing look at a lost voice.
BAD Downbeat and inconclusive, but likeable all the same.
GOOD The life intrigues; the art endures.
FAIR The film leaves some uncomfortable questions about the ethics of posthumous fame.
GOOD Something like a cross between Stories We Tell... and Frank... Finding Vivian Maier is an exquisite portrait of an almost-lost icon.
GOOD That Maier turned out to be a mystery woman who went to great lengths to conceal the details of her life only further motivated Maloof, and what he found makes for riveting viewing.
FAIR If only Maloof and Siskel had focused less on gossipy psychological guesswork, and more on Maier's art, this could've been a documentary worthy of its towering subject.
GOOD One of the first great documentaries of the year.
GOOD ...a highly enjoyable film, but there's a voyeuristic edge to it that bothers me.
FAIR Who doesn't love a story about an undiscovered genius?
FAIR A portrait of an American artist hiding in plain sight, a mystery with too few clues, and a sincere inquiry into how best to divine the wishes of the dead.
FAIR This must-see but ultimately problematic film offers a portrait of a truly rare figure: a modern master who escapes obscurity by chance, while also being guilty of mythmaking.
FAIR If nothing else, "Finding Vivian Maier" urges us not to hide our own lights under a bushel.
GOOD There are no easy answers here which is what makes 'Finding Vivian Maier' such a compelling film.
FAIR A film that leaves a large part of its subject's mystery gratifyingly intact.
GOOD Takes form as both an unfolding mystery and a portrait of an artist's mind (often a terrifying and fascinating place).
GOOD The holes in the story are papered over with such beautiful photographs that few viewers could complain.
FAIR Finding Vivian Maier is an intriguing study of Vivian Maier -- a woman who was part artist and part dumpster diver.
FAIR Maier had that unique ability to capture, in an image, an entire world, one that takes far more than a thousand words to tell.
FAIR This is an amazing tale, and Maloof has labored mightily to flesh it out. He's almost as odd as Maier was.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no new ground. But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
GOOD "Bombay Beach" is an oasis of creativity in the documentary landscape.
BAD Off the deep end of poverty porn, there seems little good to be had from this gritty tour of a destitute corner of America.
GOOD Director Alma Har'el has fused the small-town documentary with a music video sensibility to create something breathtakingly original and genuinely beautiful.
GOOD Drifts in and out of reality and leaves your head somewhere in between.
GOOD While candidly exploring the hard lives of the characters and their families, the film earns an extra star from some inspired moments of magical realism, with one scene involving a child, a fire engine and a Bob Dylan tune that'll make your spine tingle.
GOOD It's a rich slice of Americana, and there's a great soundtrack from musicians including Bob Dylan.
GOOD This startling documentary explores a part of America few even want to admit exists: a place designed as a paradise that has instead become an almost apocalyptic wasteland populated by people who have fallen out of society.
GOOD The story tells itself, making plenty of room for an artistic flair and injection of sound that elevate the film from a simple documentary to an artistic exploration.
GOOD Har'el's film is at times bizarrely uplifting, at others crushingly sad...
GOOD The fact that Alma Har'el is still stuck in music video director mode makes for an interesting new breed of documentary.
GOOD Quirky, moving and unique, it's a haunting bedside view of the place the American Dream went to die.
BAD [T]he moody film is a compassionate portrait, [but] wanders around the mostly downtrodden too much, even with brief flashes of optimism.
FAIR More lyrical tone poem than straightforward documentary.
GOOD Looks and feels like a fever dream about an alternate universe. Suffused with a sense of wonder, it hovers, dancing inside its own ethereal bubble.
FAIR Gorgeous and disquieting, the documentary Bombay Beach wobbles between the two like a beginner gymnast on her first attempt on the balance beam.
BAD Har'el still seems tied too tightly to her work as a music video director
GOOD The surealist edge seems oddly fitting for a place so fundamentally weird as the Salton Sea, but also lends the film an elegiac and dreamy quality.
BAD The film neither buries nor praises its subjects. It's too busy using them as props.
BAD Rather than bringing out the symbolic inner lives of the characters, these sequences seem like the intrusion of an aggressive authorial personality on a film whose subject demands that the filmmaker simply sit back and observe.
GOOD Set within the surrealistic surroundings of remote and rundown Bombay Bay, with its stunning and timeless landscape of desert blight, these characters and their odd behavior are unfailingly fascinating fare for a verite filmmaker.
GOOD A wonderfully unconventional portrait ... part MTV, part PBS and altogether remarkably fresh.
FAIR Engaging pedal through British cycling from its origins to the current popularity of figureheads such as Sir Chris Hoy, with contributions from bike designers, historians and sports stars.
GOOD Holy Motors is visionary, absurd, melancholy, ecstatic, confounding, and ultimately transcendent. If 2012 spawns a better film I will eat a bouquet of flowers.
GOOD The movie is a puzzle meant to be played and enjoyed, not solved. As Oscar asserts: 'We're having a ball in the back of beyond.'
GOOD ...this is a fascinating film experience where you never quite know what's coming next, and feel nothing but fulfilled when the eventual entertainment reveal arrives.
FAIR Read a dozen reviews of "Holy Motors" and you'll mostly get a dozen people scrambling not to admit that they don't quite get it.
FAIR Offering a weird and wonderful tangle of ideas, Carax and Lavant are clearly reveling in the madcap vibe, and together they have created an entertainingly barmy and gag-filled ode to both cinema and what Oscar calls 'the beauty in the act'.
FAIR Surreal and inscrutable, it's visually compelling avante-garde cinema that may leave you wondering, 'What was that about?'
GOOD Holy Motors e uma declaracao de amor ao Cinema, um suspiro de impaciencia acerca do Cinema e uma manifestacao de desesperanca diante do estado atual do Cinema. Uma desesperanca que a propria existencia do filme se encarrega de suprimir.
GOOD Mystifying and emotion-stirring, it demands that you bring yourself
GOOD "Holy Motors" is a post-apocalyptic movie, if your idea of the apocalypse was the demise of 35mm film and the rise of YouTube culture.
GOOD As playful as it is...Holy Motors has the power to haunt as much as to amuse.
GOOD For all its disruptive energy, Holy Motors is also a thing of sublime beauty.
GOOD It may be the weirdest and most challenging movie to open in Austin this year. It's also oddly moving.
FAIR As frustratingly opaque as Carax's art film is, Denis Lavant is fantastic in the lead role, as he portrays character after character, all with the utmost credibility.
FAIR I admire the film for thinking out of the box, but it just tries too hard to be weird. It ends up imploding on itself due to its over-ambition.
FAIR If you like a movie that dares you to keep up and that demands your willingness to let some parts of it remain mystifying, "Holy Motors" is a ride worth taking.
GOOD Totally exhilarating and completely bonkers, like if 'Quantum Leap' had been a French art film
GOOD A joyous experience.
BAD Audiences who care about character and plot are liable to take the exit to a movie that makes sense.
GOOD All this random action, Carax suggests, is for some vast, abstract audience anxious to lose itself in imagined narratives.
GOOD Weird, baffling, and the lunatic work of a powerfully ambitious filmmaker, 'Holy Motors' is one of the best films of the year.
FAIR I just know Holy Motors tickled me, cosmic pretensions and all.
FAIR Holy Motors is wild and unfettered and playful - the work of an artist who carries his love of cinema in his bones, and knows how to share that affection with the audience.
GOOD This is the most exhilarating cinema ride of 2012, a marvellously mobile mystery trip.
GOOD In "Holy Motors" Carax insists on our other selves. His daylong ride is a wary celebration, a joyful dirge that's served up in concentrated form by a roving band of accordion players. It's all in a day's work.
GOOD It's rare that we get the chance to encounter anything this freely inventive, this amusing, this ineffably sad and, yet, this full of life.
FAIR A fascinating and heartbreaking study of humanity, one leavened with a refreshing levity and humor that makes Carax's philosophy on life not only palatable, but thoroughly enjoyable.
GOOD A stunning exploration of identity in both society and filmmaking that features one of the best performances of the year by some stretch.
GOOD A film that not only demands repeat viewings but also makes that an attractive proposition.
GOOD A multitude of pleasures abound if one gives into the insane spell the film casts.
GOOD A glorious, gross, absurd, haunting dream and deconstruction of identity that may enthrall like a symphony or annoy like a rash.
GOOD Lavant is splendid in the film, and he's essentially the entire film - and yet, "Holy Motors" is somewhat more than a contraption built for a fearless performer.
GOOD A wonderfully humorous take on a seldom-broached subject.
GOOD An extraordinary documentary about the friendship between two activist elders in a Los Angeles retirement community for political progressives.
GOOD Irja is as sharp as a tack and Lucille has a wickedly dry wit; spending 75 minutes in their excellent company is a rare privilege.
FAIR Gabbert expertly delivers a far more powerful message with honesty, humor and palpable respect.
GOOD Laura Gabbert's deeply affecting documentary profiles a pair of extraordinary women who live in a 'nonprofit retirement home for free-thinking elders.'
FAIR Besides being funny about themselves and their contemporaries, the women provide a window on the social evolution of the United States over the past century.
GOOD Utterly unsentimental, deeply moving.
GOOD Sunset Story offers a touching look at the residents of a special retirement home in Los Angeles.
GOOD A wonderful documentary by Laura Gabbert that may make you laugh and cry -- and may change your mind about age and aging.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't even notice that Batman's appearances are being saved only for special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
GOOD Despite -- or, perhaps, because of -- his cult status, Sheldon makes a compelling centerpiece for the lively, nostalgic documentary Trying to Get Good: The Jazz Odyssey of Jack Sheldon.
GOOD Riveting and transfixing. Most likely the closest you'll ever come to meeting a shepherd and grasping what it's like to be one.
FAIR What little we learn of Pascal, who has worked in Switzerland as a shepherd for more than 30 years, and Carole, who is a former dietitian, fits in a scene or two, but their practical journey yields a certain contemplative equanimity.
GOOD An exhilarating verite work by first-timer Manuel von Sturler, the documentary follows this seasonal migration, or transhumance, with a sense of quiet awe and intimacy, capturing the feel of cold rain, deep snow and the comforting heat of a campfire.
FAIR [Not] just the biography of a remarkable man, but a revealing meditation on the relationship between spirituality and art.
FAIR Monk With a Camera suggests that this conflict can be more expansive, that art and communication, ego and compassion might shape all kinds of lives.
GOOD The life and work of a Western abbot in a Tibetan monastery in India who serves as a bridge-builder.
FAIR An engrossing documentary about a privileged young American who leaves fashion photography to become a Buddhist monk in India, then returns to photography to provide some crucial help to his monastery.
BAD Too frequently, Monk With A Camera feels like a character study with no interest in studying its character.
FAIR Plenty of diverting anecdotes and intriguing talking heads, but not much deep penetration into the events and issues depicted or their wider impact.
FAIR A brash, diverting and slightly disorganised documentary that reveals how closely Yugoslavian cinema was tied to the Tito regime.
GOOD A nostalgic, poignant documentary, Cinema Komunisto , with its stunning archival footage, is fascinating and enlightening in its championing of a nation that's gone, but should certainly not be forgotten.
GOOD A great way to get the inside track on loads of weirdo sixties war movies without having to sit through them.
FAIR The irreverence pays off in some gobsmacking anecdotes, all backed by archive footage.
FAIR Mila Turajlic's Cinema Komunisto is a Serbian documentary that explores a fascinating piece of history little known outside Eastern Europe.
FAIR Polanski sure knows how to spin a yarn, whether it's with words or film.
BAD There's no doubt Polanski is a major artist, and his fans will probably get a lot out of his recollections, but don't expect any rigorous attention to the ethics of documentary-making. This is a personal exercise in public atonement.
FAIR What rises to the surface and sparkles are Polanski's gifts as a raconteur, his fierce intelligence and his guile.
FAIR A fascinating, if workmanlike, insight into the life of a legend.
GOOD Spike Lee's masterful and disturbing Katrina docu.
GOOD There's no way to truly distill this triumph into a handful of words. The ghosts of so many color the corners of a mournful poem and a powerful prayer that's pissed off, hopeful, practical, empathetic and one of the most important documentaries ever made.
BAD Despite capturing many heartbreaking aspects of the disaster, this is essentially an overambitious mess which ultimately fails to convey effectively the scale or scope of the ongoing tragedy.
GOOD In this golden era of documentary filmmaking, When the Levess Broke is among the very best films of the past year, fiction and non-fiction alike.
GOOD The same didactic instincts that sometimes mar Lee's fictional filmmaking serve him well as a documentarian and eulogist.
FAIR ...what should have been a searing, powerful documentary generally comes off as a rough cut that's desperately in need of some judicious editing.
GOOD It's an honest, fair and unflinching look at one of the greatest, and saddest, natural disasters to hit our shores.
GOOD What breaks your heart is the film's accumulated firsthand stories of New Orleans residents who lost everything in the flood after Hurricane Katrina, and the dismaying conclusion that a year after the disaster, the broken city has been largely abandoned.
GOOD When the Levees Broke is like the New Orleans jazz funeral -- a dirge on the way to the cemetery, an up-tempo parade in the deceased's honor on the bittersweet walk back home.
GOOD Do the flaws diminish Levees? To a degree. But the story Lee tells is so powerful, so important, that the lapses aren't a reason not to pay heed to what this passionate film has to say.
GOOD It's something to make a point to see.
GOOD The film asks many questions, implies answers for the easier ones, but ultimately concludes that some are simply beyond answering. Those are the questions posed in stories of incalculable human heartbreak.
GOOD Produced on a grand scale, this powerhouse of a movie recounts a true story with skill and artistry, highlighting an extremely volatile situation and the brave people who put themselves in the middle of it.
GOOD The drama is intense but fractured as Trapero shows how millions of poverty-stricken people live in his home country, and how a few brave people attempt to do something about it.
GOOD [A] potent drama about the lawless slums of Buenos Aires - it feels like The Mission with all exoticism firmly excised.
FAIR The film tries to do too much and its power is on a sliding scale downward, but at times it is ultra-vivid.
GOOD A wellconstructed, genuinely thrilling drama about spiritual endurance and social commitment.
FAIR A harrowing but overall enjoyable watch.
FAIR 'White Elephant' throws us into the fray of an urban slum without in any way demonising or romanticising the theatre within which Trapero's meandering story unfolds.
FAIR There's a lot to think about - sacrifice, faith, poverty and much more - but it all feels too crammed into its running time, and is delivered in an uninspiring fashion.
FAIR Writer/director Trapero arguably crams too much into the film's running time, but potent turns and Michael Nyman's yearning score are among the compensations.
GOOD Trapero's film examines the real cost of a life of faith - the servanthood and the sacrifice - and is itself a long dark night of the soul, offering much to contemplate.
FAIR For all the competence and strength of Trapero's direction, the film is not as powerful as it might have been.
GOOD A colorful and entertaining look behind the scenes of From Dusk Till Dawn
GOOD Longer than the movie whose construction it documents, this is nonetheless an entertaining (if sprawling) look behind the scenes.
GOOD Great documentary full of behind-the-scenes moments with stars and crew.
GOOD Even better than the film they're making! a must-see!
FAIR Full-Tilt Boogie is a tribute to the people who work behind the camera, but don't normally compete for golden statues on Oscar night.
FAIR Fans don't stop Pacino on the street for his Michael Corleone role in the 'Godfather' movies. They yell, 'Tony! Tony Montana!
FAIR A moving testament to the life and work of a major American artist.
BAD Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level. Simply put, it's much too strange for its own good.
GOOD Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability.
GOOD Fits neatly into Weerasethakul's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One to absorb, to wonder at, and, perhaps most significantly, to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with.
FAIR Beguiling, frequently baffling and frustrating.
FAIR Weerasethakul's sincerity is evident, though the film's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone.
GOOD Truly enchanting.
GOOD [Compared to Weerasethakul's earlier work] it's easier to get a handle on the edges, more opaque in the middle, and not as radical in its ideas or its execution.
GOOD If you are open, even in fancy, to the idea of ghosts who visit the living, this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience.
FAIR The movie isn't paced as a conventional narrative; its story imperceptibly droops, like a heavy frond.
GOOD What would pass for longueurs in another director's movie become commands for rumination here.
GOOD To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events, memories and reincarnation fantasies, but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death.
BAD Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art...
GOOD "A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber."
FAIR It takes a while to get used to Joe's peculiar style of filmmaking, but once you do, you'll go with the flow, not worrying about the abstractness of the plot.
FAIR Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much.
FAIR If you can weather some slow patches (and there are plenty), this boldly original, oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness (or subconsciousness) for a lifetime...
GOOD An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next.
GOOD "Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives" is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday.
GOOD masterful and unique
GOOD It's that rarity in any medium, a totally unique work of art, and that it's a bit of a mess doesn't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be.
GOOD This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected, engaging and fascinating.
GOOD A mesmerizing Thai film about death, reincarnation, and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure.
GOOD The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative.
GOOD The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul's films produce in the viewer are by design: a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness.
GOOD Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic, there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look. Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees.
GOOD Well-balanced, witty and illuminating. A must-see for anyone who's even remotely interested in photography
FAIR The film's segments move seamlessly from one topic to the next with the unselfconscious ease of a good dinner party.
FAIR Niles and White capture the fear in the faces of the band members - but also their energetic fortitude and willingness to move on from their past suffering.
FAIR Right now, Sierra Leone's civil war and its recent history involving the illegal diamond trade are the engines of Blood Diamond. The Refugee All Stars makes a realist, humanist antidote to that movie's many Hollywood trappings.
FAIR Older teens and adults will enjoy. Book is better.
BAD The movie benefits greatly from Johansson's gift for understated delivery, but she's less assured in this demure, largely non-verbal role than she was as a modern young woman in Ghost World and Lost in Translation.
BAD An entertaining but inauthentic adaptation, a production which reads more like a Hollywood teensploit than a historical epic from Holland.
BAD Girl gives us a vividly painted world but only patchily drawn characters - in that sense, it gets Vermeer only half right
FAIR A fascinating concept that loses its luster on screen.
GOOD A terrifically realised film, startlingly emotional and wonderfully visceral.
FAIR To watch Girl With a Pearl Earring is to sense that one great photograph after another is unfolding before the eyes.
GOOD ... the true star of this film is Eduardo Serra, who should have had the Oscar. Sweeping fantasy vistas are easy; creating a sensual feast through the camera's lens is hard.
FAIR Every year or so a movie gets released that is cherished more for its look than its actual content.
FAIR The novel is trimmed down to almost a vignette telling the story of the model for Vermeer's most famous painting. This is art director Christina Schaffer's film.
GOOD Webber's film drips with art, but it doesn't exactly inspire deeply felt emotion.
GOOD You don't have to know much about the artist Johannes Vermeer to be enchanted by "The Girl With the Pearl Earring."
GOOD La cinematografia de Eduardo Serra logra que la luz sea un personaje mas, uno de importancia mas alla de la historia.
FAIR 'Sobrio y fino trabajo filmico que demuestra un prometedor inicio de carrera de un joven cineasta que puede ofrecer cosas interesantes a futuro. Verdaderamente recomendable'
BAD Dryer than a Tucson winter.
BAD visually striking but stultifying... there's less predatory hide-and-seek in 'Dracula' than there is here, and at least the vampires eventually put the bite on their victims.
GOOD A worthy attempt, but the sum of Pearl Earring is less than its individual parts would suggest it could -- and should -- have been.
FAIR Similar to Shakespeare In Love in the manner in which it combines period fact with pure speculation.
GOOD Por baixo de sua superficie aparentemente placida, aqueles personagens vivem uma paixao absurdamente intensa. Como o proprio quadro que da titulo ao filme.
GOOD Like Vermeer's paintings, Girl is a diminutive masterwork, deftly reflecting the master's mysterious art.
FAIR Cinematographer Eduardo Serra somehow manages to capture the appearance of the wonderful Delft light seen in Vermeer's paintings...
BAD As a former editor, we might expect Webber to have a better sense of when to cut, but his instincts fail him completely here.
GOOD A film so beautiful that it's a treasure to watch and admire, a little like the Old Master himself.
GOOD Cinematographer Eduardo Serra supplies painterly setups that should inspire much cooing from the gallery-opening set.
GOOD Working from an intelligent, understated screenplay by Olivia Hetreed, director Peter Webber (an acclaimed documentarian) proceeds with a stunning assurance.
FAIR Lavish attention to historical detail, the thorough immersion in this unusual world and Johansson's impressive performance make Girl With a Pearl Earring memorable but not a masterpiece.
BAD Cinematically, this is as aloof and clinical as a film can get.
FAIR Johansson ... tops all her previous work with a performance that's almost wordless but intensely expressive.
FAIR Webber's listless direction is as flat as a museum wall.
GOOD If you're moved by great beauty or the glimpse of another world, or appreciate the subtleties of unspoken love and what inspires it, you'll respond, 'Ah, but what paint.'
BAD For the most part, Girl With a Pearl Earring is simultaneously heaving and static, like the cover of a Harlequin romance novel and about as exciting to contemplate for more than 90 minutes.
GOOD A feast for the eyes.
BAD It all adds up to one long, slow -- but very pretty -- bore.
FAIR Girl With a Pearl Earring is a lot like watching exceptionally pretty paint dry.
FAIR It's the shots, not the dialogue or even the fine acting, that will stay with you after you leave the theater.
GOOD an absorbing journey over gritty social terrain, driven by a fierce sense of purpose
GOOD In the end, you can't help but wonder exactly what it was you've just seen. A hard-hitting expose? Voyeuristic slumming? A true tale of triumph, against all odds? A self-aggrandizing, vanity biopic? Some new type of reality film?Perhaps all of the above.
GOOD Profundamente comovente e tragico, apesar de suas obvias falhas estruturais e %u2013 o mais grave %u2013 de pisar em um terreno instavel em seu aspecto etico.
GOOD Every thinking adult should see this compelling Oscar-nominated documentary.
FAIR [The filmmakers'] approach to the material makes it palatable, but a grittier style would have added depth and power.
FAIR It's a testament to the abilities of these Calcutta children that the most touching images revealed in Born Into Brothels are those taken by themselves.
FAIR An unsentimental look at how beauty, artistry, and hope can emerge from the most unexpected of places.
FAIR Wears the confidence of a well-planned feature.
GOOD Despite the bleak subject matter, Born into Brothels [contains] moments of pure elation.
GOOD A devastating portrait of impoverished Calcutta children who are born into the sex trades, yet the film is also an inspiring document about human possibilities and the need to strive despite impossible odds.
FAIR Against all odds, it's ultimately an uplifting experience.
FAIR Captures hope and compassion in a shady part of humanity most probably unaccustomed to such things.
FAIR A film that's ultimately more charmingly bittersweet than truly disturbing.
FAIR "There is nothing called hope in my future." Click. Oh yeah, bring a tissue.
GOOD The best moments of Born Into Brothels come when Kauffman and Briski let the children speak for themselves.
FAIR One feels manipulated rather than enlightened.
GOOD Without sentimentality or preaching, Briski and filmmaker Ross Kauffman open our eyes to the universality of the childhood experience and the presence of artistic sensibilities in the most surprising places.
GOOD A beautifully made essay on a filmmaker's efforts to teach the children of Calcutta's prostitutes the fine art of photography.
FAIR The film says all it needs to say through the photos of the kids and their excited, wide-eyed reactions when they realize the outside world is paying attention to them.
GOOD The stories in Brothels are quite moving, and the film sheds light on a part of the world that is rarely seen anywhere.
GOOD Oh, Calcutta -- harsh and real like we've never seen it. ... This is one dazzling documentary that continues to develop.
GOOD It uses the medium to capture and reveal something and to inform the audience about it.
GOOD As powerful and uplifting as the film is, the end results are tempered by sadness, and prove that no matter how good your intentions, some problems are insurmountable.
GOOD Even when Born Into Brothels shows a world one might rather pretend didn't exist, it is enchanting to view.
FAIR Briski's seeming sincerity and her positive results make up for one's occasional misgivings about her showy empathy for the unfortunate...
FAIR Meeting these young photographers is delightful, but what this film needed to transcend into greatness is more of Briski.
GOOD It's one of the most inspiring finales I've seen in a long while.
FAIR Briski gives herself too much screen time, making sure we see how tirelessly she fights to give the kids educational opportunities, health care and group photo exhibits at swank Manhattan galleries.
FAIR The film and the photos taken by the children are full of images that touch a range of emotion from inspiring, to laughter to tears... as beautiful as it is heartbreaking.
GOOD Beautifully filmed, and devoid of the kind of patronizing beneficence that First Worlders often bring to the Third World.
FAIR It represents a certain kind of missionary zeal that I find troubling--more accurately, distasteful.
GOOD Born of genuine research and a desire to shine light into the darkness, as all great documentaries must.
GOOD A documentary full of hope. That, in our humble opinion, is worth the price of admission.
BAD Dismal, cliche-ridden stuff.
BAD What could've been a fun '80s throwback ends up more frustrating that it's worth.
BAD Battle of the Year would rather use crowd-shot cutaways to convince you of the dancers' prowess than focusing on the stage.
BAD If director Werner Herzog can do it with 'Rescue Dawn' and 'Little Dieter Needs to Fly,' why can't director Benson Lee?
BAD In particular, as mentioned, the dance sequences are a mess, which is the kiss of death for a film in this genre.
BAD Battle of the Year is no Step Up 3D. But then, what is?
BAD Filled with fancy, if frenetic footwork but weighed down by all-too-familiar plot/characters/dialogue.
BAD Athletic dancing and a patriotic theme make this movie better than it should be.
BAD Introduce female choreographer. Explore misogyny for 15 seconds. Become uncomfortable with ideas. Disappear female choreographer.
BAD After months of patient waiting, 2013 has finally produced a movie that's so bad it's good.
BAD Eschewing shaded characterization and often basic sense, while establishing what should be the high-water mark for most crotch-grabbing in a single film in 2013.
BAD There's not nearly enough quality material to make Battle of the Year recommendable to anyone other than the most hard-core of dance fanatics.
BAD The bar for urban-flavoured dance movies has already been set pretty low, but Battle Of The Year effortlessly leans back and limbos on below it.
BAD Passable drama has great dancers but no originality.
BAD A dead-in-the-soul cash grab of a movie set in the competitive world of B-boy dancing that thinks cliches, phony melodrama and product placement can substitute for real storytelling and actual characters.
BAD The movie's inability to showcase its greatest asset, the grace and control of its dancers, is its most conspicuous failing.
BAD The 3-D is a pain, and the excitable editing, slo-mo and speeded-up action frustrate attempts to watch the athleticism on display ...
BAD A film steeped in the streetwise hip-hop culture should have an edge, but Battle of the Year is safer and softer than Drake's last album.
BAD The miracle of the new 3-D dance film "Battle of the Year" is how it can be so relentlessly boring while there is so much frenetic activity on screen.
BAD The raison d'etre of popping-and-locking scenes is trumped by tired team-building bathos, whose flagrancy is anything but conducive to spreading the film's hug-it-out bro-love.
BAD The story is a derivative quilt, patching together cliches from every sports movie since 1976.
BAD This 3-D spectacle is less the dance movie that's going to make b-boying cool again than a shill for sponsors' gear.
BAD At the risk of sounding 100, I think it's regrettable this film had to be shot in digital 3-D.
BAD A frenetic mess that makes Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloolook like a Fellini film.
BAD Battle of the Year is too inept to make this tired premise sing.
BAD If you can get past the mountain of cliches and poor acting and hackneyed story lines and the fact that someone let Chris Brown be in a movie, "Battle of the Year" is actually ... still pretty awful.
BAD Chris Brown gets punched in the face, so it's not a total wash.
BAD so familiar that you half expect Julia Stiles and Channing Tatum to show up and start hoofing
BAD Everything about Benson Lee's predictable dance flick "Battle of the Year" strikes me as old.
BAD It isn't good by any stretch of the imagination, but B-movie lovers who like their dance movies flashy, fun, and spectacularly dumb shouldn't mind.
BAD Battle of the Year crams so many cliches into its 109 minutes that you just know it will end with a sports movie freeze-frame. And it does!
FAIR It's undeniable that the good-natured "Afterschool Special" vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round.
BAD Not badly executed, but not the least bit original either.
BAD Remarkably, the highlight of Benson Lee's film, essentially a fiction reboot of his Planet B-Boy, isn't the scene where Chris Brown gets punched in the face.
BAD Unforgiveable then, unforgiveable now.
BAD It's mostly forced humor all the way, a movie that rarely measures up to adequate kitsch.
GOOD Goofy parody mocks the Star Wars series.
FAIR Ainda que nao consiga recapturar a acidez e a inteligencia de seus esforcos da primeira fase da carreira, Brooks consegue divertir gracas a algumas belas sacadas e ao simples conceito de Moranis como Dark Helmet.
FAIR This is possibly the last great film that Mel Brooks directed
FAIR Despite the dirty jokes hidden in plain sight ('Never underestimate the power of the Schwartz!'), Spaceballs is a PG-rated comedy that makes silliness sublime. [Blu-ray]
GOOD Mel Brooks trashes Star Wars; very funny
GOOD One of the few screwball comedies that everyone must experience at least once.
GOOD Brooks displays an obvious affection for the sci-fi stuff he's spoofing, which helps the laughs to flow forth a whole lot easier.
BAD Brooks jumped the shark with Spaceballs
GOOD at its best, plays like the action in Star Wars, awakening a sense of pure enjoyment of movies
GOOD Absurdist 'Star Wars' parody; Brooks at his near wildest
FAIR If it isn't likely to generate what Mr. Brooks himself refers to as 'Spaceballs II: The Search for More Money, neither is it anything less than gentle, harmless satire that occasionally has real bite.
BAD More proof that filmmaker Mel Brooks misplaced his sense of humor after the 1970s.
FAIR Before he was a hit on Broadway, Brooks made funny movies. This, unfortunately, was the last of them.
FAIR Too clever to dismiss, not funny enough to like
GOOD Mel Brooks at his madcap finest. A generation of 1980s kids worship the film.
BAD less funny than most of the movies it spoofs
FAIR The best shot is the opening shot of a giant ominous spaceship floating through space like in the opening shot in Star Wars with a bumper sticker proclaiming "We brake for no-one." Thereafter it doesn't get much better.
FAIR How do you review a movie like this, anyway? I guess by saying whether you laughed or not. I did laugh, but not enough to recommend the film.
FAIR It's silly and good natured.
GOOD Moving docu shows depth of human-horse bond.
FAIR A cynic could wield a lash against "Wild Horse, Wild Ride," but the golden vistas, galloping horses and gracious humans tame us.
FAIR You can't help feel you're watching a special kind of love story.
FAIR There's nothing fancy about the technical package...but the beauty of the land and the horses themselves, and the varied personalities of the trainers, more than carry the film.
BAD Frustrations abound with this limited film, but Wild Horse, Wild Ride does one thing exceptionally well, and that is convey the emotional bond between trainer and horse.
GOOD With its gorgeous big-sky vistas, stirring shots of the majestic mustangs and intimate bits between trainers and trainees, "Wild Horse" proves a warm and memorable ride.
GOOD Wild Horse, Wild Ride takes the viewer on an unforgettable journey across the American Southwest where, together, man and beast reign supreme.
FAIR This documentary shows the beginning of some beautiful friendships.
FAIR This gorgeous-looking documentary is crying out to be remade as a family film feature.
BAD If this sounds like the premise of one of those tiresome Discovery Channel docu-tainments, it's because it essentially is, only heavily abbreviated to fit the feature-film format.
FAIR Pacino seeks his pound of flesh as a tragic outsider.
FAIR The text is wonderful, Radford's film has some fine performances from Jeremy Irons and Joseph Fiennes, and he makes good use of Venice locations.
FAIR It is really a pleasure to watch a masterful actor like Al Pacino wring every nuance out of the multifarious character of Shylock.
GOOD Pacino shapes the role masterfully. He not only rises to the role's extremes of villainous melodrama, he fills them, rendering them both theatrical and believable
FAIR It veers from real conviction to panto, but Radford is clearly committed to the play's relevance, while Pacino, the Shakespeare addict, is a joy to watch.
GOOD Manages to be a gripping and intriguing film.
GOOD The screenplay is lean and powerful and the direction deft.
GOOD Finally, a filmatic spectacle worthy of the Scribe...
BAD This rendition is hardly a freshman course.
BAD Merchant of Venice is such a blatantly anti-Semitic work that a modernization seems imprudent.
GOOD Radford preserves the mechanics of the plot, but also offers us heroes who are as flawed as the nominal villain, if not more so
GOOD Radford's adaptation admirably captures the inherent and troubling contradictions of the play, and turns them into great, thought-provoking drama.
GOOD Radford has rendered off the comedy to find the dramatic skeleton underneath. It is an approach that works stunningly well and is perhaps the only way the play can now be done.
FAIR As much fun as it is to see Pacino chew some Shakespearean scenery, both the role and the movie could have used a more likable actor.
FAIR Pacino's performance doesn't reconcile the contradictions of The Merchant of Venice, but it goes far in revealing them.
FAIR The experiment mostly succeeds.
GOOD Pacino makes a memorable Shylock, filled with painful humanity, rage and insecurity.
GOOD A vivid, engrossing and defensible Shakespeare adaptation, a period piece that truly has a feel for a time long past -- and a place and attitude that are not.
GOOD The filmmaker succeeds mightily in imbuing potentially dangerous material with enlightened ambiguity.
GOOD Radford has managed to find and nurture the story's deeper, universally heartbreaking themes.
FAIR Radford remains fairly reverent toward the text and the intent.
FAIR The opening disclaimer suggests that 'intolerance of the Jews' is something the world has outgrown, rather than an attitude that continues to be exploited...
GOOD Pacino, bearded and digging deep within his talent, almost shrinks into human nothingness under the weight of hate. It may be his finest performance.
GOOD The film is a work of clarity and urgency and a welcome and overdue addition to the Bard's film canon.
FAIR Radford's gloomy film is a long and slightly draining haul, but the intensity of Al Pacino's central performance justifies the effort required.
FAIR As evidenced by this film, in capable hands, Shylock is a unique amalgam of flaws still worthy of rendition.
GOOD Ranks as one of the most powerful recent adaptations of the bard's work.
GOOD Balanced, beguiling -- even funny.
BAD This tragicomic classic isn't effective either as a comedy or a tragedy.
FAIR The give-and-take between the two veterans [Pacino and Irons] is a delight to witness.
FAIR A short, pungent, ambiguous portrait of the poorer sections of Baltimore and the young men who get their kicks riding dirt bikes through the streets en masse, popping wheelies and dodging the police.
FAIR It's the rare film that gets deep into low income inner city life and zeroes in on what motivates those whom society tends to forget.
BAD Well-edited and often thrilling, but leaves you with more questions than answers and feels incomplete.
GOOD 12 O'Clock Boys shows the culture for what it is: thrilling, compelling and more than a little dangerous.
FAIR This slice-of-life effort presents a complicated picture when it comes to the world of urban dirt biking, acknowledging the dangers involved while celebrating its utility as an outlet for the pent-up emotions of a people left behind by society.
GOOD Lotfy Nathan's hand-held camerawork, combined with a snappy hip-hop soundtrack, gives the documentary a sense of immediacy.
GOOD It's positive, it's inspiring, it's beautiful.
FAIR Take a closer look, as Lofty Nathan does in his freewheeling debut feature... and bike gangs like the 12 O'Clock Boys start to differentiate as more than just a dangerous nuisance.
BAD [It] spectacularizes black criminality for white middle-class viewers, the primary audience for the festivals and art houses where this film will have its career.
BAD The film's implication, that the rides need to be curtailed, seems obvious; and I can't help thinking that Nathan realizes this, but stops short.
GOOD Nathan's film defies easy categorization; he's interested in neither telling a fairy tale nor painting issues in broad strokes.
GOOD As reticent as Nathan is to cast explicit judgment, the film shows the tragic impasse between a street culture that's reckless and provocative, and a police force that exacerbates the problem with heavy-handed tactics.
FAIR Nathan wisely avoids explicit commentary. He doesn't need it: Coco's angry frustration, Pug's bruised confusion, and the police helicopters constantly hovering above the defiant bikers say enough.
FAIR Engrossing if slightly slapdash.
FAIR Not only does it work nicely as a slice-of-life narrative, but it also serves as a subtle study of the endemic hopelessness in America's inner cities.
FAIR It constantly divides itself between fulfilling the conventions of the informational talking-heads documentary and aiming for a more poetically impressionistic quality.
FAIR The film itself is a little too rough around the edges to fully engage. Fascinating subject, though.
GOOD Nathan's gorgeous slow-motion shots of the 12 O'Clock Boys riding for the camera shows the glory to which Pug aspires; in the rest of the movie we see the life that's really awaiting him.
GOOD A captivating and nail-bitingly tense documentary that provides a stellar account of Baltimore's urban dirt-bike gang ...
GOOD Nathan's approach is observational and reminds me of the way Steve James constructed Hoop Dreams, following the emerging story while creating context by including footage of Pug and his mother, Coco, at home...
FAIR What they say is something all of us should take to heart, regardless of that number we refer to as our age.
FAIR A bittersweet documentary that follows three gay men in different parts of the country who feel time and change breathing down their necks.
FAIR These men have lived through a lot, and their continued vivacity is what makes the film around them a rich experience.
BAD At times it just seems like people you know hamming it up for the camera.
FAIR ...a calm and straightforward documentary [that] looks at the lives of three gay men in their sunset years.
FAIR At times, "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" seems like a checklist of all the things women had to fight for. But it's a long list, and one that still faces women today.
FAIR Although much of that archival footage is incredibly familiar after decades of exposure - the burning bras, the clever protest signs, the impassioned speeches, Gloria Steinem - it's the footage of the opposition that really shocks.
GOOD Director Mary Dore isn't much of a dramatic storyteller in her documentary She's Beautiful When She's Angry, but she presents a straightforward report on the rise of American feminism so passionately that it achieves a sense of giddy triumph.
GOOD A superbly researched and edited documentary about the women's movement in the 1960s.
BAD Intermittently interesting and occasionally compelling history of the feminist movement's early days.
FAIR Dore made the movie to counter the lack of films about the women's movement -- a fine idea, nicely realized.
FAIR Clearly fascinated with the era, its literature, its sit-ins and its ethos, Dore respects the film's still-passionate veterans, while noting some missed goals and flawed efforts to express their aims.
FAIR "She's Beautiful When She's Angry" doesn't break much formal ground. But it serves as a moving reminder of how crucial citizen action is in fomenting social change.
GOOD It's a useful documentary, and it needed to be made now.
FAIR A few awkward re-enactments mar the effect, but they're over quickly, while the narrators' voices and plentiful historical footage create a rich mosaic.
FAIR A somewhat less than successful film.
BAD As you watch the movie wholeheartedly and uncritically celebrate the group's "nonconformist" ethos (shouldn't someone gently break it to them?), you can feel the energy being sucked out of you.
FAIR An amiable portrait of the artist as a scruffy slacker, and a useful jumping off point for anyone interested in investigating some of the cultural issues that marked the 1990s and the start of the new millennium.
FAIR Like the art scene it documents, Beautiful Losers is chaotic, anarchic, rambling and populated by charismatic freaks with statement T-shirts, complicated haircuts and impossibly rare trainers.
BAD You can't help but feel like a bit of an eye-rolling parent, wondering if a few of them might benefit from a proper job and a light slap.
FAIR The affection these people have for each other is what makes Beautiful Losers (the name is taken from one of their shows) so attractive.
BAD Prioritising the self over the job means Beautiful Losers is rarely more than a compendium of loveliness and apology.
BAD On your deathbed you will want back the time it takes to see this one.
GOOD One of the year's best documentaries.
FAIR The film's score, by Money Mark, is an entertainment in itself.
GOOD An absorbing look at how a circle of dispossessed young artists from the 1990s eventually found its way to mainstream success.
FAIR This is a pleasant enough visual romp with surprisingly few down notes.
FAIR Some of the art is probably interesting, but Rose's own video-influenced filmmaking style leaves little time for inspection or reflection.
FAIR [A] pleasant film, which sings the praises of nonconformity.
BAD Though [Director] Mr. Rose can't be blamed for waxing nostalgic, he can't much expect us to care about so fawning and self-serving a document.
BAD It succeeds intermittently and is reasonably enlightening, but whether audiences are really going to warm up to the individuals presented here is questionable.
GOOD a celebration of rude and raw art and the kinetic charge of experiencing something fresh and undefiled
FAIR The cultural time capsule doubles as a testament to the joys of outsiders bonding, with interviewees emphasizing how they finally felt like they belonged somewhere after years of asphyxiating alone on the fringe.
BAD Aaron Rose and Joshua Leonard don't properly contextualize this mini-scene within the larger art world, nor provide basic background on their speakers.
BAD ...suffers from an egregiously "inside" sensibility that ensures neophytes will periodically be left scratching their heads at the whole thing.
GOOD Godard abandoned the conventions of narrative cinema and adopted a loose picaresque format around which he could arrange subversive generic tropes, poetic digressions, political ideas and comic-book escapades.
FAIR Pierrot is a self conscious mash up of every movie genre that Godard loves, of every movie he has made, of all the artistic references (music, painting, literature) that have influenced or affected him
GOOD An idiosyncratic work by a filmmaker trotting out his obsessions of the moment and committing them to film without much regard for actual meaning.
GOOD And then theres the color. As much as anything, "Pierrot" is a film about red and blue, as well as a little bit of yellow and green.
GOOD Theirs is, in their own words, 'A story,' 'All mixed up,' and their self-construction mimics that of their true Creator, the ever-experimental auteur Jean-Luc Godard. [Blu-ray]
GOOD At its worst, in some of its improvised rambles, it demonstrates the value of a well-thought-out screenplay. At its exhilarating and poignant best, it proves that a film can play all sorts of postmodern games yet still touch its viewers' emotions.
GOOD A wild-eyed, everything-in-the-pot cross-processing of artistic, cinematic, political and personal concerns, where the story stutters, splinters and infuriates its way to an explosive finale.
GOOD An eye-poppingly vivid exercise in genre-busting filmmaking. Here is one of the most persistently intriguing directors of the 1960s at his most watchable and entertaining.
GOOD Godard opens up his box of tricks and tips it all over the screen in a flurry of improvised, postmodernism that takes scattergun shots at consumerism, cultural imperialism and the Vietnam and Algerian wars.
GOOD Engaging and beguiling - perhaps in spite of itself - and a vital part of film history.
GOOD Godard and his great cinematographer, Raoul Coutard, translate the ideas into some of the most visually exuberant French cinema of the Sixties.
GOOD At times infuriatingly indulgent but is also an intoxicating, wildly inventive picaresque fantasy.
GOOD Pierrot is a mess, no matter how many times you see it, but it's a brilliant mess. Death of love, (re)birth of cinema.
GOOD It's one of Pierrot's unique charms that Godard doesn't regard Ferdinand and Marianne's situation with emphatic mockery or inordinate reverence.
BAD Pierrot le Fou is a movie in love with movies, but mostly it's a movie in love with itself.
GOOD Made in 1965, this film, with its ravishing colors and beautiful 'Scope camerawork by Raoul Coutard, still looks as iconoclastic and fresh as it did when it belatedly opened in the U.S.
GOOD More surprising is how lushly romantic the film seems now -- even the frostiest qualities of the director's volatile aesthetic are warmed by the Riviera sunlight and the presence of Karina at her most beguiling.
BAD ...ultimately nothing more than an infuriatingly vague and utterly pointless piece of work...
GOOD Arguably one of the few Godard pictures to have the desired balance of romance, adventure, violence, and humor on one side, and philosophy, literary and cinematic allusion, and Brechtian distancing on the other.
FAIR I once wrote of it as "Godard's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres," I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies.
FAIR Totally bizarre and ultimately without much point -- Godard's message about commercialism is drowned in a sea of oddity.
FAIR This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire.
BAD The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama.
FAIR An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street.
GOOD It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience.
BAD So it goes in this kind of romantic nonsense that isn't too different in essential content from the four-hankie movies of the nineteen-thirties and forties.
GOOD [A] restrained and ethically nuanced documentary.
GOOD One of the most humane things I have seen all year.
GOOD An intimate, nuanced and engrossing look at the implementation of an indigenous, grassroots approach to judging man's inhumanity to man.
BAD At no point does anyone in the film even vaguely resemble an actual 21st-century teenager; when these kids text each other, it comes across like science fiction.
BAD A gospel-driven cross of Precious and Rent, only set in a sleepy Southern town that time forgot instead of New York City.
BAD Director Patrik-Ian Polk makes the ending a little too pat, but he makes us root for these characters to be happy, and for their world to be a better place.
BAD Anything that can go wrong, will - often in spectacular fashion.
BAD The film is, like its main character, too naive to understand or, at least, to deploy the reparative powers of camp.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
GOOD alarming and heartbreaking documentary ... examines the small but apparently rapidly growing subculture of people who keep exotic animals as pets.
GOOD An exceptionally compassionate, fair-minded film that clearly states, beyond any rational benefit of the doubt, that raising potentially dangerous animals as pets is destructive to animals and humans alike.
FAIR A documentary that examines the exotic animal phenomenon and discovers -- without getting sanctimonious -- much madness.
FAIR Throws bits of information at random, like an exotic pet chucking you-know-what.
GOOD This fascinating documentary shines a light into an underreported corner of America, the backyards and living rooms that currently house deadly exotic animals that should never have found themselves in captivity at all, much less as pets.
BAD Explores the growing trend of treating dangerous animals as just another household pet.
BAD Spends rather too much time in the troubling company of Terry Brumfield, a barely mobile invalid who houses two full-grown African lions and their four cubs in a trailer in his backyard.
FAIR There's a kind of macho element to the movie that contradicts Harrison's interest in humane treatment with filming the suffering of animals and hoisting a couple of them for the camera.
FAIR The documentary isn't about presenting a balanced opinion, but creating an ideological four-alarm fire about this epidemic of irresponsibility and arrogance.
FAIR Lions and tigers and bears -- oh my! Even the requisite venomous snakes chew up the scenery in this film.
FAIR As engrossing as it is emotionally charged.
GOOD This impeccably made film is chock-full of enlightening and sometimes bizarre moments...
FAIR The Elephant in the Living Room is structurally scattershot but its evidence is sound and fair, its characters sympathetic and its message, if muddled, is still important and effectively delivered.
FAIR "The Elephant in the Living Room" is damning, but also very sad. These stories, as Harrison points out, never have a happy ending.
GOOD Hits the sweet spot of being entertaining, informative, and deeply moving.
GOOD Possibly the single most subversive fact about the film is that all else being equal, it's one of the best original movie musicals in a generation.
FAIR Entertaining raunchfest; not for kids.
FAIR Manages to be both amazingly stupid and clever at the same time.
BAD Nastier than it is subversive or funny.
GOOD Among other things, the South Park movie restores the happy shock and exuberance of talking dirty.
GOOD This movie is nasty, shocking, hilarious, and close to brilliant.
GOOD If, like me, you're sick of every work of art getting judged by your grandmother's delicate sensibilities and would like to watch some real artists have some fun while flipping off the cultural watchdogs, this film was made for you.
GOOD It's savagely funny, it's true to the core essence of the show, and it expands on the show in ways that television, due to content restrictions and time limitations, simply couldn't allow. And the tunes rock.
FAIR Vulgar and tasteless as usual, but most definitely longer and, quite obviously, to its detriment, uncut.
GOOD It will offend a lot of people who need to be offended once in a while.
GOOD I found this film hysterically funny and quite thought-provoking.
FAIR Rude, but inspired.
GOOD Inspired, brilliant filmmaking and one of the most scathing satires to come along in some time.
FAIR Howled like a banshee, I did. But I felt really guilty about it, so maybe I won't go straight to hell -- where, as it happens, about a third of the movie takes place.
GOOD One of the sharpest satirical movies of the '90s as well as the best musical comedy in at least 20 years?
FAIR The satirical message is that the moral defenders of impressionable American youth would literally rather see violent death than obscenity, but Parker and Stone end up delivering both in overabundant quantities to prove their point.
BAD You can't shake the feeling that 60 minutes of comedy has been stretched and teased and goosed to make 80 minutes of movie.
BAD A quarter of an hour would have been plenty of time with these tart-tongued tiny tots.
FAIR Raunchy, riotously irreverent and thrillingly rangy!
GOOD You can't get around it sometimes: a swear word is all that will do. This is one of those cases.
GOOD I was reasonably sure I was going to enjoy the film; what I didn't expect was a first-rate satire of censorship and the kind of political hysteria that currently threatens to create it.
FAIR Yes, it's offensive and rude and lewd and I don't feel comfortable with the idea that kids are probably going to have access to it, but ... man, it's funny!
GOOD Very funny, extremely obscene.
FAIR While there aren't more than a handful of gut-busting, laugh-aloud moments, there is enough sly, slick humor to keep the average viewer chuckling throughout.
FAIR The year's most slashing political commentary is not in the new films by Oliver Stone, David Lynch or John Sayles, but in an animated comedy about obscenity.
FAIR Loud, funny, crude and very rude.
GOOD This is an inherently moving story, and director Mark Jonathan Harris has the wisdom to trust that.
BAD At the risk of sounding like a cad, I'll go ahead and admit that Into the Arms of Strangers is dreadfully boring and uninspired
GOOD A great human document, deeply moving, unforgettable.
GOOD Faces which carry history. That's what you will take away with you after watching.
GOOD Still resonating as powerfully today as when these black events first unfolded.
GOOD At its best, the film gives a human face to stories of unimaginable suffering and unexpected triumph.
FAIR A compelling document.
FAIR This extraordinary documentary can be seen as a meditation on Francis Bacon's thought: "If one be gracious to strangers, it shows you are a citizen of the world."
FAIR Producer Deborah Oppenheimer's journey of discovery about her late mother's past appears legitimately destined for award consideration.
FAIR Students of both the dark and bright side of human nature cannot afford to miss it.
GOOD The tales here are worth being told, and worth hearing.
GOOD An extraordinarily fine and understated documentary.
FAIR Into the Arms of Strangers was produced with the help of the Holocaust Museum in Washington; it is a valuable, if necessarily fragmented, part of that institution's attempt to convey the enormity of what the Nazis did one life at a time.
FAIR The deliberate narration feels at stylistic odds with the socially visceral imagery, but this artistic juxtaposition lends its portrayed events an appropriately mythic tinge.
BAD [Doc's] failure to systematically lay clear, linear historical groundwork for the events of late 2004 and 2005 is obviously deliberate, but without it the film is unenlightening to anyone not already conversant with the history of modern Ukraine.
GOOD Orange Winter is more than a mere history lesson. [This] movie characterizes a body politic as a living thing,and charts its internal changes as if it were the protagonist in a drama.
GOOD Brooklyn Castle does a superb job of celebrating the triumph while reinforcing the relentless vigilance it requires from everyone involved.
FAIR With Brooklyn Castle it's really nice to see so many young, positive minds at play in the world, and to cheer on so many smiling children dreaming of enlightened futures.
FAIR Brooklyn Castle is inspiring stuff that grabs you by the throat and will leave you cheering - quietly of course. No shouting in a chess match.
GOOD ...provides a corrective to the popular image of American schools as obsessed with sports and popularity, and it makes the strongest possible case for funding after-school activities.
FAIR "Brooklyn Castle" easily checkmates your inner cynic.
FAIR Katie Dellamaggiore's lively and affecting documentary introduces us to a cast of characters that's very winning (in both senses of the word).
FAIR The I.S. 318 team? A delightfully motley, vulnerable, multicultural bunch, whose addiction to chess has allowed them higher aspirations for top high schools and, eventually, college and careers. You will root for them like crazy.
GOOD We meet five of the team's members and several of their teachers; by its end, you'll be rooting for them all.
FAIR "BROOKLYN CASTLE is a compelling, engaging and inspiring Documentary, featuring Junior High kids that you can relate to. Even if you don't know the game of Chess all too well, it won't stop you from enjoying this pleasant film."
FAIR Enlightening, inspiring and expertly crafted.
FAIR The admirable Brooklyn Castle transcends its formula to become an optimistic look at extracurricular education and young people.
FAIR Great story, well-made, what's not to like?
GOOD I don't know diddly about chess, and I still loved it.
GOOD Every player knows the finality when the other player sadly turns over his king, signaling surrender. We know it even better when we do it ourselves.
FAIR It's clear that chess isn't just a game; for these students, it can also open doors.
GOOD It's a wonderful documentary look at an astonishingly successful public-school chess program that manages to be more moving and heartening than you expect. Which is saying a lot.
GOOD As the film offers glimpses of the kids' inner lives and external experiences, it helps you see how expansive both can be.
FAIR "Brooklyn Castle'' is an engaging tale, and the principal is wrong: These kids are much more lovable than the Yankees.
FAIR It pays to consider even the small details of society's greatest investment in the future: our future generations.
FAIR It's deeply satisfying watching these public school, hard-knock kids win, and Ms. Dellamaggiore knows it.
FAIR If the film occasionally bumps up against the limitations of its Spellbound-like template, its refusal to ignore the social issues outside of the classroom proves it's more than simply a novelty human-interest story with impressive knight moves.
GOOD This engaging, entertaining film might just spur you to become involved in some way in making sure that important and productive public school programs survive the recession and further budget cuts.
FAIR Overlong. It wanders. It needs trimming. But the director never goes far wrong when she just hangs with the kids, focusing on their focus, capturing their disappointment at losses and the thrill of each victory on the chessboard.
FAIR I might have preferred less of the focus on winning and losing and more on the cause, which I find strange coming from me, since I rarely am crazy about issue docs.
BAD As Luke once said, what a piece of junk.
BAD Triumph the Insult Comic Dog did a far better job - and actually a more sensitive job - with the fans waiting outside for the start of Episode II.
FAIR For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
