FAIR a safe, enjoyable movie that can be watched by yourself, on a date or at your mother's house after Sunday dinner
BAD It teeters between pleasantly generic film biography and rank manipulation.
FAIR You could go see this just to enjoy the production design.
GOOD Diane Lane delivers one of the finest performances of her career.
BAD Secretariat is cliched, unrealistic and predictable, but it will make you feel good
FAIR This horse-sports-opera boasts all the ingredients for a successful run.
FAIR Celebrates greatness on four legs with a decent--if not record-breaking--amount of light entertainment. What're the odds?
FAIR Easily as good of a film as "Seabiscuit," and family-friendly.
FAIR A heavily contrived and overlong account of the greatest US horse in racing history, Disney's Secretariat still has a lot going for it as an old-fashioned family drama.
BAD Secretariat is a good-natured but thunderingly cliched triumph-against-the-odds tale, almost every line a cornball aphorism about following your heart.
BAD Like Secretariat himself, the film is a glossy, big-hearted slow- starter, but lacks his ability to power home ahead of the competition.
BAD I'm sick of the simpering American morons who lap up this rubbish.
FAIR With its linear structure, nostalgic glow and distinct lack of surprises, Secretariat seems to have wandered into cinemas after leaving its TV movie hitching post.
BAD Just when we thought John Malkovich didn't have another semi-intentionally deranged performance left in him, he has come storming back with another uproarious turn...
GOOD I think this is one of the year's most enjoyable family films.
BAD Despite a decent performance from Lane as the homespun trainer, Secretariat is more blind alley than Blind Side.
BAD This tale of wealth, horse-breeding and good old Christian faith is just about as hammy as a study of commodified horse sex can be.
BAD Secretariat's story still feels untold.
BAD Don't put money on it.
BAD Bum-numbingly long bore that has a worrying number of talented actors seemingly involved for a cheque. Watch a film about dinosaurs instead; much more fun.
FAIR This horsey, 1970s-set Disney film doesn't boast the most imaginative script and is too long and businesslike for youngsters -- yet it still produces a lump in the throat.
BAD Disappointing, frequently dull racehorse drama that's let down by poorly written characters, a thinly stretched plot, a painful lack of dramatic tension and a cliche-heavy script.
FAIR Yes, it's a good, solid movie about a horse that no one expected to win.
FAIR Penny Chenery's story is good stuff. It's just that watching it, one can't escape the nagging feeling that it's not the most compelling part of the (Secretariat) story.
GOOD ... you will believe a horse can act.
BAD Secretariat is basically an amiable crowd pleaser. It's a good film about a great horse.
FAIR If you like sweet, safe tales of triumph, Secretariat is a sure bet. But if you like films with a bit more tension and complexity, this romp doesn't completely satisfy.
GOOD ...oldstyle Hollywood, family entertainment done at a very high level. It doesn't lay out all the facts and complications, but it's a very honest movie.
FAIR Despite the Disney-fied, sentimental side of the story, 'Secretariat' hits the finish line as an effective tale about an amazing equine athlete
FAIR Well-crafted, shamelessly -- and obviously -- manipulative fantasyland stuff, passing itself off as a 'true story,' when, in fact, it's what we call 'fact-based.
BAD Watching Secretariat is an experience as antithetical to watching an actual horse race as it gets.
BAD Schmaltzy, uneven and contrived [despite] thrilling horse-racing scenes and John Malkovich's hilarious performance as an eccentric trainer who walked right out of a Christopher Guest movie.
FAIR The horse's story entertains but it would have been nice to have more of the owner's personal life explored
BAD Crushingly unexceptional.
BAD It's not about a horse, it's jockey, or it's trainer. It's about a horse owner. Instead of honoring the greatest race horse ever, they try to find an underdog story with Diane Lane's help.
FAIR Secretariat rides to the Winner's Circle.
FAIR Like most Disney features, it is an inspirational event that will touch everyone.
GOOD A throwback to an era where Disney churned these things out by the dozen, you?ll cheer, you?ll laugh, and wish you?d brought a hanky. There is, however, no photo finish.
FAIR Until the Sports Illustrated subscription runs out at the Walt Disney Studios offices, I expect audiences will continue to be privy to cookie-cutter yarns centered around notable achievements in the sports world.
FAIR Jon Favreau's charismatic and convincing performance as the boxing legend is enough to recommend this biopic.
BAD Rocky Marciano was a knockout of a fighter to say the least. It's too bad Winkler's movie about him carries no particular punch
GOOD The football scenes are brutally real; the locker room scenes are totally authentic.
GOOD Pro football fans may be disillusioned by this excellent, honest, and often brutal expose of the play-for-pay game.
FAIR The leading man, Nick Nolte, has a physical authority and a clowning, irreverent manner that lend the film some semblance of continuity, even when it's about to flounder.
FAIR Raucous football tale with effective Nolte.
FAIR It's still fascinating to get a glimpse of what athletes sacrifice to entertain us. It would have been considerably more fascinating if more of the people involved had seemed more human.
FAIR For a sports flick, this is unique and holds your attention for the most part.
FAIR While not a particularly great documentary, it succeeds hugely at what it sets out to do, aided by a dramatic storyline that would probably be dismissed as too fantastically implausible if it was in a fiction film.
GOOD What a cool documentary. What a cool memoir.
FAIR The story itself would be largely untold if Belman hadn't wheedled his way into their trust, filming his own footage and being granted use of a wealth of home-movie material.
BAD Really, it's just an extension of the LeBron James brand, released to coincide with a book on the same subject and designed to explore the star's humble roots even while further buffing his galactic glitter.
FAIR It drags in places, becomes repetitive and could use a more rigid hand in editing, but it also has a kind of pleasing earnestness that would be lost in a more sophisticated effort.
FAIR No make-believe Hollywood script could match this once-in-a-lifetime, all-American story.
FAIR There's plenty to both cheer and ponder.
FAIR What's amazing, and what Belman captures perfectly, is how Coach Dru achieves his dream of becoming a head coach by being a role model to these boys in need.
GOOD More Than a Game is more than a feature-length profile of LeBron James, and that's good news.
BAD Despite opening with a statement that basketball should be a means to an end rather than an end in itself, the film itself is about 99.9% basketball.
BAD The filmmakers go a little too far with the superlatives, at times trying to portray these gifted and often immature players as bigger underdogs than they appear to be in real life. But the movie is comprehensive and interesting...
FAIR It's a resonant story about four boyhood friends, determination, sacrifice, overcoming obstacles and the mentor who guides them from rough beginnings to the national basketball championship. It's about victorious lives, not games.
FAIR Utterly captivating for the humanity at its core.
FAIR What's almost as impressive as James's talent on the court is his poise and character.
FAIR You'd be hard-pressed to find a better documentary about on-court dynamics and off-court camaraderie; but as journalism, it's less than thorough.
BAD Let's start with the title, which is problematic by nature: There is nothing more than a game on display here.
FAIR It's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams.
FAIR There is dazzling basketball here and an interesting father-son relationship (Coach Dru Joyce was father of the shortest player on the team).
FAIR The skilled editing eventually brings out the personalities of all five players, adding an emotional stake to the footage of key games.
BAD Somewhat engaging and well-edited with stylish cinematography and great music, but it ultimately falls short in terms of offering insightful and provocative revelations.
FAIR 'More Than a Game' is a riveting, emotional and inspirational documentary that captures the ups and downs of five young men who bonded as friends and teammates.
FAIR LeBron becomes a high school star, and this doc entertains without getting too heavy.
FAIR The footage is terrific, and all the guys make for charismatic heroes. But Belman barely addresses the stories happening off the court.
GOOD It's always risky to mix sports metaphors, but it's hard to resist the notion that the basketball-themed More Than a Game is a knockout of a sports documentary.
BAD There's no "I" in team. But there are two in stultifying.
FAIR Maybe Belman's film will instill in youngsters an interest in documentaries, of which this is a generally fine example.
BAD evoted fans of the game, and especially of LeBron James, will love More Than a Game. The skeptical and the curious may find themselves wanting more.
FAIR It's an inspiring tale not just for lovers of basketball, although the games featured are so thrilling and tense that it's a challenge to remain sitting placidly in one's seat.
FAIR keeps the hype at bay long enough to create a story about real characters, rather than indulging in glorified player profiles.
BAD Belman only skims the surface; even his depiction of the admirable Joyce (who ditched corporate America to chase his dream of being a mentor) shows a preference for tidy sound bites over intense inquiry.
FAIR Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return.
GOOD An inspirational bio-pic about the transcendent magic of friendship forged in pursuit of hoop dreams.
GOOD Not exactly your average sports saga, filled with extraordinary characters and equally extraordinary circumstances that Hollywood could craft no better in any feature script.
FAIR You'll be haunted.
GOOD Ring of Fire is not about boxing. It's about the importance of tolerance and the power of forgiveness.
FAIR Amusing documentary duel at the video arcade.
GOOD Seth Gordon's unexpectedly engrossing documentary about the quest for a "Donkey Kong" record - a seeming paradise only for the pale and pasty -offered a fascinating, infuriating look at the bleakly funny morass of American social expectations.
GOOD Even if you've never so much as eaten a single ghost in a game of Ms. Pac-Man, King of Kong is still a remarkable (and remarkably hilarious) film.
FAIR It's clear that director Seth Gordon is rooting for Wiebe - but it is not just a trick of the editing that means within 30 minutes of the political machinations of Kong beginning, you will be too.
FAIR A great little documentary, full of laughs, drama and tension. It's like Rocky, but with a joystick. And an opponent who isn't actually seen stepping into the ring.
FAIR You could hardly call it a paragon of impartial filmmaking, but this is still a compelling and immersive glance into the nature of competitiveness and the corrupting aspects of fame.
GOOD An engrossing story that plucks at the heartstrings just as hard as it pummels the fire buttons.
GOOD Gordon invites us to snicker at his cast of hardcore gamers, for whom 'Donkey Kong' tournaments are as vital as Super Bowls and as divisive as the war on abortion. But once embedded in their strange world, he finds a compelling story to tell.
GOOD Unquestionably the most engaging and flat-out entertaining documentary since Murderball...
GOOD an oddly entertaining and exciting documentary that at times looks like a mockumentary
GOOD You could say it's sort of like Murderball, only these guys' disabilities are of the social variety. At any rate, it's a great film
GOOD "When We Were Kings" for dorks.
FAIR The King of Kong is as winning, sweet, and occasionally disturbing a documentary about people for whom time has stopped somewhere around 1982 as you'd ever want to see.
FAIR A terrifically entertaining documentary about an unlikely subject.
FAIR It's very earnest. And funny. And endearing.
GOOD Mitchell is a ringer for Ben Stiller's pompous villain in Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.
GOOD Wonderful, hilarious documentary.
GOOD Painful and interesting to watch, even with such clear black and white characters. See it if you can.
GOOD The King of Kong is proof that you don't need Earth shattering events of cosmic import to create a compelling film.
GOOD Seth Gordon's feature-length documentary about obsessive arcade gamers could possibly be the most entertaining thing you could do on a Saturday night.
GOOD A documentary that successfully takes it to the next level.
GOOD The remarkable thing about The King of Kong is how its quixotic alternate universe quickly becomes a recognizable microcosm of our own real thing.
FAIR Nerds rule.
FAIR The big laughs here come from the subjects' self-absorption.
GOOD With the results up in the air until the very end of the film, you will care who wins the goofy contest.
GOOD An operatic tragicomedy of rivalry, jealousy, failure, and success.
GOOD A gripping yarn, an edge-of-your-seat thriller, as well as a mocking insider's view and a genuine giggle.
GOOD This may take place in the insular world of men who spend too much time in front of dimly-lit video screens, but that does not make this very un-Homeric struggle for glory any less engaging.
FAIR It's almost embarrassing how compelling this film becomes...
GOOD Kong has more humor, more drama and more humanity than all of the summer's top 10 movies combined and even delivers some sly commentary on how out of whack American priorities have become.
GOOD One of the smartest documentaries of the year, and easily the funniest.
GOOD So many astonishing and inspirational events take place that if The Heart Of The Game wasn't such a great documentary, it could have and should have been a box office hit drama.
FAIR A nice little documentary that proves that nice guys, and nice girls, don't always finish last.
FAIR It doesn't seem appropriate to call it luck, but somehow Mr. Serrill ends up with a story that would make any Hollywood sports movie proud.
GOOD Might best be thought of as a female version Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A true sports lover's delight.
BAD Boredom and irritation set in early with this shallow, parochial and blandly celebratory documentary about a US high-school girls' basketball team, of frankly limited interest to non-US audiences.
FAIR It's packed with left-field twists and turns and culminates in a genuinely nail-biting match where old rivalries come to a head. In the end, it's all you can do not to stand up and cheer.
BAD It shifts focus too often to hang together as an in-depth portrait of either the unconventional coach or his headstrong star player.
GOOD The result is nothin' but net.
FAIR Who needs faux melodramatic school sports stories when a real-life documentary like Heart of the Game shows it in living, breathing heart-wrenching color?
GOOD Emotional, uplifting, vexing and infuriating, it's the first basketball documentary worthy of being compared to 1994's Hoop Dreams.
GOOD A filmmaker of great patience, Serrill chronicled Resler's teams for several years, demonstrating that if one sticks to a subject long enough, powerful things will emerge.
GOOD An astounding drama that spans seven years, wrestling with issues of race, gender and class while capturing the struggles of competition with intelligence and intimacy.
FAIR The girls' theatrical ferocity, relative innocence and youthful earnestness is almost heartbreaking.
FAIR Few athletic films, factual or dramatized, have given so keen a sense of how a team builds and changes, and how acutely the grind and elation of a fast, complex sport can shape character and lives.
GOOD Occasionally thrilling, often challenging and consistently engaging ...
FAIR The film leaves screenwriting duties to the wildest and most creative of the lot: Fate and Chance.
GOOD Serrill is ... able to generate some genuine suspense, and the ensuing human drama -- most of it swirling around Russell, one of the few black students at the mostly white school -- is fascinating.
FAIR An exhausting and thoroughly entertaining tale of race, fair play, loyalty, pregnancy and the true spirit of amateur athletics.
FAIR Serrill touches on important issues ... but what his movie does best is capture the thrill of high-school sports and the offbeat personalities within the game.
FAIR Darnellia is an inspiring and engaging heroine, and her story speaks volumes about the marginalization of women's athletics.
GOOD Serrill, making his feature debut after numerous short promotional films, takes a story that is seemingly about one thing, and uses it to gently explore the bigger ideas of gender, race, class, cooperation, competition and what winning really means.
GOOD It's almost impossible to refrain from cheering as if you were right there in the stands.
GOOD Its squeak-and-sweat athleticism, its tough, bruised, big-hearted players and its electrifying championship countdowns should appeal to anyone who loves the game.
FAIR [The Roughriders] persevere, as did director Serrill, who took his time to find the real heart of this game.
GOOD Not a sports documentary but a being-human documentary.
GOOD One of the best documentaries I've seen this year.
GOOD An exhilarating story of loyalty and perseverance, The Heart of the Game succeeds as both inspiration and social commentary.
GOOD You'll be smiling and happy as you leave the The Heart of the Game, with a newfound respect for girls' basketball and those who play it.
FAIR The film is a mildly interesting work that, with judicious pruning, could have been so much more.
BAD It dribbles more often than it scores.
GOOD It is fun to watch, stimulating to experience and something you want to share with friends.
FAIR The pat inspirational formula is followed to a sweaty T, although it comes here with an inadvertent side effect -- more than a few nagging questions never get answered.
BAD Apesar das boas atuacoes de Rooney e Gleason, o filme apela demais para o melodrama e acaba soando de maneira excessivamente artificial - e a caricatural performance de Quinn nao colabora muito para evitar isso.
GOOD An all-time classic with Quinn giving one of the finest portrayals of his career. Gleason and Mickey Rooney are great in support.
BAD Barely five minutes in, Will is already choking on an airless script and bumping desperately off its flyweight supporting players...
BAD The idea is sweet enough, recalling Africa United, but the execution is painfully amateur. Improbable, hackneyed and very dull.
BAD This superficial family drama will appeal to many Reds' fans, but it's also so twee compared with Danny Boyle's Millions (2004) that it's unlikely anybody else will want to go near.
BAD It just feels rather silly, as if it assumes such a reverent audience couldn't possibly need anything as pedestrian as believable characters or a likely plotline.
GOOD One very off-the-wall movie that never for a moment bothers to make a great deal of sense.
GOOD Superb performances and a well told story make The Fighter one of the year's best films.
GOOD Driven by great performances and great characters, this drama is a must-see.
GOOD Acting for the silver screen doesn't get more raw, moving or accomplished than what you see in "The Fighter," that rare film in which every performer in it leaves the viewer in awe.
FAIR While Bale turns in a 5-star performance, his character's story bobs and weaves around Wahlberg's simpler, steady efforts.
BAD This film was supposed to be a crowd-pleaser, but in the end, there's just not a whole lot to be pleased about
FAIR Wahlberg gives a restrained and generous performance, which allows his co-stars Leo and Bale to shine (and win awards).
GOOD a tale told with the deft precision of a talented filmmaker and the enthusiasm of a lead who cares about his subject.
GOOD An excellent cast highlights this stirring boxing drama.
FAIR While the crowd cheered, I didn't want Micky to win the fight. I wanted somebody ... to come along and rescue him from his family's ignorance.
FAIR Russell delivers what we least expect from him: a pro-family film.
GOOD The Fighter deftly manages to be equal parts character drama and sports film without giving short shrift to either. Containing a couple of the best performances of the year it is in turn harrowing and heartwarming.
FAIR ...a boxing movie for people who couldn't care less about boxing.
FAIR Mas que una pelicula sobre boxeo, un drama familiar sobre dos hermanos diferentes, una madre dominante y una posibilidad de redencion y exito. El show se lo roban Christian Bale y Melissa Leo con dos de las mejores interpretaciones del ano.
GOOD Christian Bale - reduced lately to whispering solemnity in the likes of Dark Knight and Terminator Salvation - gets to really cut loose with Dicky in a performance that is sure to give Geoffrey Rush a run for his money on Oscar night.
GOOD With a clutch of Oscar nominations, including nods for Bale, Adams and Leo, The Fighter is a serious contender that connects powerfully.
FAIR Predictable, but solid enough.
GOOD We grow to respect each character's perceptions and forgive their faults, allowing them to win us over in a jubilant finale - a far cry from the schmaltzy The Blind Side.
GOOD As atuacoes grandiosas e marcantes so funcionam por serem ancoradas pela performance centrada e discreta do sempre subestimado Mark Wahlberg.
GOOD Bale, looking rail-thin and wideeyed, has the Oscar nomination and Golden Globe win, but it's Wahlberg who's the more memorable in a less showy role.
GOOD Wahlberg, always so physically solid, is deep inside himself in this role.
GOOD A movie with both brains and brawn and a knockout performance from Bale, The Fighter takes a familiar rags-to-riches story and delivers a feelgood hit.
GOOD Bale steals the movie with a mesmerisingly goofy performance.
GOOD Impressively directed and superbly written, this is an emotionally arresting boxing drama with a quartet of terrific performances from Wahlberg, Bale, Melissa Leo and Amy Adams.
FAIR The Fighter looks at first as if it is going to be a far more interesting movie than the straightforward and even rather undemanding drama we finally get.
FAIR Russell throws so much at the screen that there is little time to make your mind up.
FAIR [A] rickety, unfocused contraption of a film that sputters and chugs along without offering any hint of why its director thought it was worth making.
GOOD This is easily the most shamelessly enjoyable boxing flick since Rocky.
FAIR When is a cliche not a cliche? When the cast of The Fighter delivers it, apparently.
FAIR The film bounces us from one pugilistic or domestic affray to the next, only coming to a near-standstill whenever Wahlberg gets acting space. It goes to show.
FAIR A flawed, frequently ludicrous but overwhelmingly likeable film, old-school to the core and none the worse for it.
GOOD I wouldn't go so far as to call this movie an absolute knockout, but it is certainly well worth a look.
GOOD Dare I say it? It's knockout.
GOOD This is a story about guts: having 'em, trusting 'em, spilling 'em.
GOOD Two very different but equally powerful performances combine to deliver an exhilarating fight-flick that, like its scrappy central character, is impossible not to root for.
FAIR The flaw at The Fighter's heart is the fact that Bale's all over the place. It's a frog-faced, flailing-armed, look at meeee performance that, had it come from Nicolas Cage, would have drawn scorn across the board.
FAIR Wahlberg ensures we stay rooted in Micky's journey, for all the script and fellow performers' broad strokes, cliches and conventionalities, and that we root for the scrapper through every round in the ring.
FAIR The Fighter is an enjoyable underdog-triumphs-over-adversity story.
FAIR All Wahlberg does is stand quietly in the corner, delivering the most authentic, nuanced performance in the film.
GOOD It's a rousing, compassionate, bare-knuckled ride powerful enough to score a KO, while Bale, Wahlberg, Leo and Adams are all award-worthy excellent.
FAIR The Fighter is full of powerful scenes and performances, but in the end, like the character of Micky, it's a bit annoying.
GOOD The real deal, offering a raw, gritty feel that none of the slicker sequels even attempted to replicate (with the possible exception of the final film).
GOOD This triple-Oscar-winning boxing drama is shot through with genuine impassioned commitment, born of the fact that Sylvester Stallone realised that this was his best hope of stardom.
GOOD It's Sly's droopy-eyed, hangdog/underdog that carries Rocky's tale of transformation. He's no oil painting, no blue-eyed hero. He's not supposed to make it -- and that makes us instantly connect with him.
FAIR Sylvester Stallone [is] as likable as a basset hound.
GOOD One of the greatest, if not the greatest, feel good movies of all time.
GOOD It's all here: the famous Bill Conti fanfare, the 'Gonna Fly Now' training montage, the inevitable 'David and Goliath' climax. [Blu-ray]
GOOD transforms the gritty realities of economic hardship and personal desperation into a celebration of individuality and determination without sinking into mushy sentimentalism
GOOD Sly's best pic winner sets underdog-hero standard.
GOOD Stallone -- an actor who has made a career of bad performances in bad films -- proves that when given the right material he can act with the best of them.
GOOD This is really Sly's movie as he slugs his way through a heartfelt performance and delivers some cracking punches, both literally and emotionally.
GOOD Rocky retains its power to enthrall ... a quieter movie than some may remember.... It's worth seeing again, for what it was, before it was betrayed by it's less intelligent, testosterone-soaked progeny.
GOOD A dunce who can fight with a contagious likability: Now that's American.
GOOD Better films have been made about the world of sports, but for many Rocky is the sports movie.
FAIR A paint-by-numbers inspirational sports film.
FAIR ...there's simply no denying the film's overall effectiveness...
GOOD A "guy movie" mega-classic that's really gotten better with age.
GOOD Easily the best underdog movie ever made!
GOOD Suffers from age somewhat, somewhat like Mr. Balboa himself theses days, but still wallops.
GOOD A description of it would sound like a cliche from beginning to end. But Rocky isn't about a story, it's about a hero. And it's inhabited with supreme confidence by a star.
GOOD Stallone thoroughly owns the movie with his groggy, downbeat delivery and sense of indomitability.
GOOD Ay, yo! This movie, like, rocks, yo!!
GOOD Stallone is perfect in the ultimate boxing flick.
GOOD Look past the sequels to see something special in Sylvester Stallone's boxing classic.
GOOD Rocky is a real crowd-pleaser, not because it manipulates the audience but because it has heart.
GOOD As perfect a fit of star to role as any in cinematic history.
GOOD The memorable combination of the torturous gym workouts, the runs through the streets of Philadelphia and the carcass-beating in the abattoir all combine beautifully as Balboa trains 'to eat lightning and crap thunder'.
GOOD The escapist ideal: it has one foot in our world and the other in the dreamland of opportunity...
GOOD Tells a timeless story about all the effort it can take to reach for someone else and how our most effective competition can sometimes be us, pushing ourselves to be the best.
GOOD The basic storyline has been done to death over the years; this is still one of the most effective and successful applications of the formula.
BAD Once in a Lifetime is like a soccer team that plays good defense but lacks offense.
GOOD Well-researched and exuberantly compiled, this is a thoroughly entertaining tribute to America's first tackle at surgically implanting the beautiful game.
FAIR mostly I'm stricken with nostalgia for '70s fashion and Marv Albert's hairdo
FAIR An energetically told tale, with eccentric characters to spare and a nostalgically bittersweet tone.
GOOD With just a little tweaking ... could be reworked in a Christopher Guest-style mockumentary of swollen egos and corporate whimsy.
FAIR Packed with observations and recrimations, many of the latter aimed at or by Chinaglia, which makes for some gossipy entertainment.
BAD ... treats its audience like a bunch of attention deficit disorder cases.
GOOD It's a rags-to-riches story that shows how American money and imagination revolutionized not just a team, but the entire sport of soccer, back then and still to this day.
FAIR New York went bust, so did the team, yet scattered seeds for smarter soccer growth later.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime would have benefited greatly from historical and outside perspective, but the story on screen is such a kick that even monotone narrator Matt Dillon gets caught up in the excitement.
FAIR It has some funny scenes and wild characters who reflect back on the glory years, where the clashes of ego were as legendary as Pele's amazing bicycle-kick goals.
FAIR A cavalcade of theatrical personalities, juicy war stories, unforgiven grievances and old-school cinema dazzle.
BAD The movie is ultimately too long and too this-no-name-player- was-traded-for-that- no-name-player detailed for casual viewers.
BAD Essentially an extended cable special.
FAIR How that dream was realized and what factors brought it and its league to a horrific crash scarcely a decade later is the intriguing drama that directors Paul Crowder and John Dower are able to reconstruct.
FAIR An energetic and often enjoyable documentary, particularly for soccer fans.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime does a wonderful job of showing that this collection of foreigners playing a foreign sport forged one of the great American sports stories.
FAIR The movie is only so-so, borrowing a little from the VH-1 school of popumentary but lacking the snazzy production values.
BAD Another soccer film? Buy, hey, it's about a NEW YORK soccer team, glorifying the late Steve Ross, the number one corporate viper! For those who believe the world ends at the Hudson River only.
FAIR Lively, free-wheeling amusement.
FAIR A slick, gossipy documentary that pulses to the strains of James Brown, Parliament and the Love Unlimited Orchestra as it glosses over facts to make its questionable case for the Cosmos.
FAIR This is not an exercise in fabricated nostalgia, but a raucous chronicle of defeat snatched from the jaws of victory.
GOOD Crowder and Dower wonderfully coax the participants to tell us everything and present it in a very entertaining, engaging and informative way that will have fans and non-fans laughing all the way
FAIR You don't need to be a soccer fan to, like Cosmos fans, fall for this captivating tale, told in Rashomon-like style.
FAIR Aptly portrays the country's brief love affair with soccer and acknowledges that it will continue to thrive, whether we're paying attention or not.
FAIR Needless to say, until the unhappy ending, we've got an entertaining and edifying romp.
FAIR Crowder and Dower's film is a refreshing reminder that... without the Cosmos' brief and shining moment in the sun, suburban soccer leagues would be as rare as collegiate boccie tournaments.
FAIR A colorful time capsule of 1970s New York... the doc's jauntiness is enhanced by its many charismatic characters and a funky, wall-to-wall soundtrack...
FAIR The documentary offers enough color and depth to hold your interest and leave you keen to see the World Cup finals.
FAIR No Hollywood scriptwriter would dare make up a tale as outrageously unlikely -- but, as it happens, true -- as the one so entertainingly told in the documentary Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos.
FAIR Once in a Lifetime performs a belated autopsy on the Cosmos and the North American Soccer League and basically concludes that they died of impatience.
FAIR An enlightening look back at how "the world's sport" briefly took off in the US.
FAIR Told in a breezy, fast-cut style, and backed by a boisterous soundtrack that ranges from Puccini to James Brown, Lifetime focuses on the players -- on the field and off -- that made the Cosmos such a super, if short-lived, team.
GOOD Giddy, gossipy and endearingly unslick, Once in a Lifetime chronicles the rise and fall of the most famous soccer team in the United States with slapdash glee.
GOOD The perfect mix of style and substance, visuals, music and words ... one of the best sports documentaries ever made.
GOOD Rightfully a ballgame classic, this is sentimental nonsense, sure, but charmingly so.
GOOD This fantasy drama from director Phil Alden Robinson is a delightful blend of the blind-fate story and the more fanciful feel-good corn of Frank Capra.
FAIR Field of Dreams isn't a home run. It's more like a suicide squeeze: if it hadn't been perfectly executed, it wouldn't have worked. But as they say in baseball, a run is a run.
FAIR The sentimentality, of which there is plenty, is nicely balanced by a humor of ironic pragmatism, as when Ray, having built his baseball field as a monument to human dreams, decides to charge tourists $20 a head to visit it.
GOOD Too idiosyncratic and witty merely to wallow in sentimentality, Field Of Dreams will surely stand as a classic update of what made Old Hollywood so magical. It's still a wonderful life.
FAIR Instant baseball classic for whole family.
GOOD Widely regarded as a modern populist classic, the film is both a fabulist fable and a celebratory baseball movie that acknowledges scandal within the sport but also the game's transcendent ability to rise above attempts to damage its integrity. [Blu-ray]
GOOD One of the best films of the 80s
FAIR A rare choke-up movie for guys and one of 1989's biggest hits.
GOOD Quite simply one of the best sports movies ever.
GOOD A movie for a thorough tear-duct cleansing - the only film that makes tears stream down the cheeks of this hardened critic, and it gets me at least twice every time.
GOOD Robinson's whimsical sports saga is nostalgically engaging...guaranteed to load the bases with sentimentality
FAIR Anyone who loves their father or baseball -- or both -- will find it difficult -- no, impossible -- to resist this hokey, wonderful film.
GOOD Say what you want about Kevin Costner, but you can't say he never played Jesus Christ.
GOOD Original and moving fantasy about the things that make guys tear up.
GOOD One of the best baseballmovies off all time
GOOD The finest and most sentimental baseball movie ever made. If the ending doesn't bring tears to your eyes, you are made of stone. A must-see.
FAIR If you're in the right mood this movie will bring a tear to your eye.
GOOD Quaint, amusing and charming little baseball parable.
FAIR A manipulative but still moving look at the power of myths.
GOOD Kevin Costner nunca esteve tao bem como em 'Campo dos Sonhos'.
FAIR The themes of this movie are dreams, family, and baseball.
GOOD This film isn't just for baseball fans and soft touches. It's also for people who've experienced loss and want, just for a few minutes, to dream of regaining what was lost.
GOOD A magical, often funny, utterly delightful movie, one that will stay with you for some time to come.
GOOD Field of Dreams will not appeal to grinches and grouches and realists. It is a delicate movie, a fragile construction of one goofy fantasy after another. But it has the courage to be about exactly what it promises.
GOOD It is not Great Cinema, but it's really freaking good entertainment, smart without being brainy and nice without being saccharine.
FAIR League wants you to laugh more than anything else, and Hanks makes sure that you will.
FAIR Any roughness is smoothed over by the talented cast and a great deal of charm and affection for the era.
BAD Marshall's methods overwhelm the material, and what emerges is a movie utterly without personality. A unique chapter in American history becomes a movie as ordinary as they come.
FAIR It's a cinematic home run, certain to please filmgoers who don't know a catcher's mitt from an oven mitt.
BAD Few of the other performers make an impression. A director who can lose Madonna in a crowd can't be said to appreciate charisma.
GOOD The agenda here is clearly along the lines of good-natured vignettes, smart one-liners and a healthy dose of heartstring tugging.
GOOD Terrific tweens-and-up story of women's baseball.
FAIR As uneven as an amateur baseball game.
GOOD the film combines humor, historical trivia, and the thrill of baseball to create a fully entertaining, fictional tale
FAIR Enjoyable enough as a baseball comedy, even though Marshall overplays the drama.
FAIR entertaining but a bit sweet
GOOD Layered comedy-drama is worthwhile viewing
GOOD A League of Their Own still stands out because there are elements in it that everyone can enjoy, whether they like or loathe sports.
GOOD "There's no crying in baseball!"
GOOD One of the best baseball movies of all times; just remember, there's no crying in baseball!
FAIR An excellent comeback vehicle for Hanks, and a good film, overall.
FAIR It is a fitting tribute to those who played and those who kept the league going for over 10 years.
GOOD Tremendously enjoyable
GOOD This was probably supposed to be a feminist manifesto, but the men steal the picture.
GOOD A well-performed, snappily written and well-intentioned piece of entertainment that, surprisingly, has some historical information and a gently pitched line of social commentary running through the comedy.
FAIR Watchable, star-studded fluff
FAIR The movie has a real bittersweet charm.
FAIR The story of the short-lived women's baseball league gives Marshall the opportunity to examine the roots of modern feminism and have a darn fine time doing it.
FAIR The result is an enjoyable, if lightweight comic fiction.
FAIR For the impact of the Holocaust on Italy. . .fills in a gap with personal stories and return visits of Jews who were hidden. . . and about the extent of collaboration.
