GOOD Excellent updating of the classic drama
GOOD Not nearly as good as the original, but still an incredible film.
GOOD Nowhere near the original, but still worthy of high praise.
FAIR This remake is worth viewing for the strength of the script and the fine performances.
FAIR You may not want to hang around [Hunter S. Thompson] all the time, but he would be a pretty interesting guy to have over for breakfast.
GOOD ...wildly entertaining...
FAIR Do we get to know the real Hunter through viewing Breakfast with Hunter? Possibly. More than ever before, at least.
GOOD Breakfast With Hunter is a cinematic exploration that is perhaps the closest you can get to Hunter Thompson without scoring an invite up to the 'fortified compound'.
FAIR Takes a peculiarly predictable and conventional approach to its study of the godfather of gonzo journalism, Hunter S. Thompson
BAD Curiously prosaic for the wicked incisiveness of its subject.
GOOD Ever wish you could see what goes on behind those famed, heavily fortified walls of Owl Farm? Here's your invitation.
FAIR Jon Favreau's charismatic and convincing performance as the boxing legend is enough to recommend this biopic.
BAD Rocky Marciano was a knockout of a fighter to say the least. It's too bad Winkler's movie about him carries no particular punch
GOOD Superb production with memorable Sinise performance in title role.
GOOD An excellent biopic anchored by a marvelous job by Sinise.
FAIR Its Cliffs Notes approach to the source biography gets a big boost from star Gary Sinise.
FAIR entertaining without always being compelling
BAD Seeing Gilliam's vision falter is simply painful and joyless.
GOOD The only person who has jousted at more windmills than Don Quixote seems to be Terry Gilliam.
GOOD Wondrous document of a film gone wrong and an artist who inspires fans, cast and crew, even as he terrifies financiers, insurers and anyone more firmly footed in filmmaking reality.
GOOD Lost In La Mancha will have you alternately wincing, laughing and, finally, weeping at the thought that we may never see this potentially brilliant movie.
GOOD Filled with humor and human drama, this La Mancha is an intriguing place for film lovers to get lost.
FAIR A fascinating record of how the movie fell apart, piece by piece, with everything short of a natural disaster conspiring against the filmmaker.
GOOD Unique, fascinating, funny and sad.
GOOD A fascinating study in the cinematic arts, as we watch a talented director and a committed crew and cast thwarted by nature, human failings and just plain bad luck.
GOOD The real focus of the film is Gilliam himself -- and his growing disillusionment with the project as it stubbornly refuses to become the movie he's already shot in his head.
FAIR It's every director's worst nightmare come alive and as a major movie buff... it was a fascinating watch.
GOOD An absolute must for fans of Terry Gilliam.
GOOD A surreal and epic tale of a lost cause. Cervantes himself would nod in appreciation.
FAIR There's no higher message here - just the pleasure of watching hotshot producers, filmmakers and actors bicker with one another, with insurance companies, with fate.
GOOD Gilliam's level of enthusiasm and relentless desire to keep on going is infectious.
GOOD All in all, it's an illuminating look behind the curtain -- one that leaves one wondering how good films ever get made at all.
FAIR Gilliam himself is a joy to behold. His wit stays sharp even as his fortunes dull, and the conditions that conspire against him only prove the mettle in our man of La Mancha.
GOOD A funny, factual, and heartbreaking chronicling of what happens when man and God work in harmony to doom a film in mid-birth.
GOOD A stunning documentary.
FAIR Interesting and entertaining documentary that proves dreams don't always come true.
FAIR This simple 'making-of' story becomes an 'unmaking-of' documentary
FAIR Gilliam is a complicated, wily presence in all the scenes, cajoling his collaborators to join him in his vision, and our skepticism about whether this project is worthy of his vision only increases the pathos and humor of the project.
FAIR Fulton and Pepe filmed it all and inadvertently captured lightning in a bottle in the process.
GOOD It's fascinating, and I bit off every one of my fingernails from the stress.
GOOD Anyone the slightest bit interested in the filmmaking process should see this film.
BAD I'd like Lost in La Mancha more if it didn't take the easy but misleading route of dovetailing Gilliam's frustrations into Welles's, and then dovetailing both into Quixote's.
FAIR Interesting but nothing spectacular, the film is relatively easy enough to sit through, but isn't quite as insightful and certainly not as entertaining as I had been led to believe.
GOOD Plays like a doomed love story, a film about a love ultimately unfulfilled.
FAIR Some films end with a whimper; this one banged into a stone wall.
GOOD One of the best serial killer movie i have seen
GOOD Fascinating and absorbing. One of HBO's finest made-for-cable flicks.
GOOD As far as "human interest" documentaries go, Double Dare is an absolute winner.
FAIR Double Dare remains an entertaining and informative look at a little-known struggle for equality and respect in a physically unforgiving but completely vital Hollywood discipline.
FAIR Just as stuntwomen have to do, Double Dare pulls its punches.
FAIR Castellitto, who has won his country's best-actor award twice before, has such a haunting look in his eyes that he doesn't need to chew the scenery to get across his point. Cruz doesn't speak much, but her face screams of the pain that Italia faces.
FAIR [A] fly-in-the-face-of-reality perseverance is the key to the appeal of both the women profiled in the documentary Double Dare.
FAIR It provides a frank portrait of women trying to make it in a traditionally male game.
FAIR Bell's energy and Epper's perseverance give Double Dare an unstoppable one-two punch.
FAIR Thin but pleasantly diverting.
FAIR Micheli has enormous respect for these resilient, underappreciated performers. And after spending 81 minutes with the engaging, generous Jeannie and Zoe, it's hard to imagine anyone feeling otherwise.
FAIR A genuine pleasure.
FAIR Shows the hardship that women -- especially older women -- must endure in a male-dominated business.
FAIR Entertaining documentary about stuntwomen who do risky business for a living.
GOOD Stunts are, quite naturally, the most explosive part of the film.
FAIR Exudes a pleasant, affectionate warmth for its characters.
FAIR fails to look deep into the industry, preferring to follow its two stars around and see what they get into
FAIR Micheli has a good eye for telling details and a strong empathy for the pressures women face in the industry.
GOOD Two stuntwomen, generations apart, reveal the humor and drama of their craft in this warm documentary.
GOOD They are movie stunt performers, and Double Dare tells the story of two who face all these obstacles and more, because they happen to be women in a traditionally male occupation.
FAIR With this documentary director Amanda Micheli follows the lives of two film stuntwomen. She covers their professional and personal lives and the profession.
FAIR ...a highly entertaining documentary...
GOOD An exciting, funny and ultimately touching documentary that gets us inside these women's lives to the point where we want to be there to catch them when they fall.
GOOD A wealth of inspiration this film is.
GOOD Absolutely riveting.
GOOD ... one of the few films that can be predicted perfectly, but it?s so well crafted?and so damn exciting?that we just don?t care.
GOOD Nearly a quarter of a century down the line, a great film has been made greater.
GOOD When Scott was finished, he thought it was too long and that the added material threw the pacing off. Therefore, he cut his own Director's Cut. (Alien Quadrilogy)
GOOD fuller and scarier
GOOD Thrill again to how thoroughly conceived the whole thing is, how impeccably acted and genuine in its suspense.
GOOD Turns out not to be one of those movies that improves in the memory, but actually is better than you remember, mostly because it puts its multitude of imitators to shame.
GOOD What you will find is that the old mayhem is still masterful and that there is nothing like the big screen for this type of mortally wounded space exploration.
GOOD Alien still thrills because of Scott's relentless focus on terror.
GOOD It's scary, smart, well-acted and just as effective now as it was in 1979. Go see it.
GOOD The movie inspired three sequels and remains undeniably frightening. It also marks a significant step in the evolution of modern science-fiction films.
FAIR Even 25 years later Alien still can make us jump.
GOOD It's a most satisfying return to one of the few sci-fi films that deserves to be called a masterpiece.
FAIR (The director's cut) doesn't hold up as well as I'd anticipated, (but) the chest-bursting scene is still a seat-gripper.
GOOD The first is still the best.
GOOD A streamlined improvement on the original.
GOOD It's worth seeing Alien, which established Scott as an A-list director, in a theater because his brilliant and often expansive visuals have always worked better on a big screen than on video.
GOOD Alien is still a classic well worth a trip to the theater.
GOOD Twenty-four years later -- digitally spruced up, with some scenes shaved and others padded with previously cut material -- Scott's film still shreds nerves.
GOOD This 1979 horror-sci-fi masterpiece still holds up remarkably well on the big screen, a testament to the skill of director Ridley Scott, who was then working on his first film, and the acting by the talented ensemble cast.
GOOD It's still an enjoyable experience revisiting the Nostromo and getting reacquainted with its seven crew members.
FAIR Though some of Scott's editing decisions in this new version are questionable -- one even violates continuity -- he has left the film's most suspenseful and chilling moments intact.
GOOD Even if you've seen it a hundred times, Alien can still make you jump out of your seat.
GOOD A movie that can still give you the shakes, even though most of its surprises have long since passed into popular legend.
GOOD Looks more like a classic than ever.
FAIR The original has aged with surprising grace; despite the rise of digital video and home computers, this is still a convincing future.
FAIR I'd only recommend it if you feel you'd like fluffy made-for-TV musicals.
BAD ...ultimately overlong and forgettable, despite the best efforts of an exceedingly game cast.
FAIR pretty harmless and almost wholly unmemorable, but considerably better than a lot of animated junk that's passed off as kiddie fare.
FAIR Some of the jokes are definitely beneath the players here, but some land just right, creating a enjoyably demented journey.
FAIR Kids will like Mockingbird Lane well enough.
FAIR Fun superhero adventure; more action, peril than past films.
FAIR Much of the standup material is pretty darn funny; the rest is almost painfully bad.
FAIR Lame, but in a good way.
BAD How could an action-adventure film that cost $34 million, most of which clearly went into pyrotechnics, computerized special effects and scenic locations, end up looking cheap, silly and lifeless?
BAD This has got to be the worst franchise every created.
BAD There should have been only one!
BAD How tough could it be to make a "Highlander" that makes sense?
BAD One of those uninspired films that gave sequels such a bad name.
BAD They definitely don't come any worse than this.
BAD What it can't copy is the first movie's sense of surprise: we're never jolted by any of the sword fights here as we were with the original's broadsword battle in a carpark.
BAD If it wasn't set eight years later, no one would never know the difference (and of course, never mind the ultra-cheesy, low-budget special effects!).
BAD This is the end of the Highlander series, they say. Not an eon too soon.
BAD Mostly the film morphs into a block of dullness.
BAD So-so amalgam of cop procedural and werewolf mayhem.
FAIR Non-musical sequel a fun adventure for young kids.
FAIR ...sweet and charming, succeeding as a genuine gathering of friends.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader? This galaxy isn't far, far away enough!
FAIR Polanski sure knows how to spin a yarn, whether it's with words or film.
BAD There's no doubt Polanski is a major artist, and his fans will probably get a lot out of his recollections, but don't expect any rigorous attention to the ethics of documentary-making. This is a personal exercise in public atonement.
FAIR What rises to the surface and sparkles are Polanski's gifts as a raconteur, his fierce intelligence and his guile.
FAIR A fascinating, if workmanlike, insight into the life of a legend.
GOOD Spike Lee's masterful and disturbing Katrina docu.
GOOD There's no way to truly distill this triumph into a handful of words. The ghosts of so many color the corners of a mournful poem and a powerful prayer that's pissed off, hopeful, practical, empathetic and one of the most important documentaries ever made.
BAD Despite capturing many heartbreaking aspects of the disaster, this is essentially an overambitious mess which ultimately fails to convey effectively the scale or scope of the ongoing tragedy.
GOOD In this golden era of documentary filmmaking, When the Levess Broke is among the very best films of the past year, fiction and non-fiction alike.
GOOD The same didactic instincts that sometimes mar Lee's fictional filmmaking serve him well as a documentarian and eulogist.
FAIR ...what should have been a searing, powerful documentary generally comes off as a rough cut that's desperately in need of some judicious editing.
GOOD It's an honest, fair and unflinching look at one of the greatest, and saddest, natural disasters to hit our shores.
GOOD What breaks your heart is the film's accumulated firsthand stories of New Orleans residents who lost everything in the flood after Hurricane Katrina, and the dismaying conclusion that a year after the disaster, the broken city has been largely abandoned.
GOOD When the Levees Broke is like the New Orleans jazz funeral -- a dirge on the way to the cemetery, an up-tempo parade in the deceased's honor on the bittersweet walk back home.
GOOD Do the flaws diminish Levees? To a degree. But the story Lee tells is so powerful, so important, that the lapses aren't a reason not to pay heed to what this passionate film has to say.
GOOD It's something to make a point to see.
GOOD The film asks many questions, implies answers for the easier ones, but ultimately concludes that some are simply beyond answering. Those are the questions posed in stories of incalculable human heartbreak.
FAIR The cast is remarkably convincing in bringing to life the emotional and psychological cost of trading in one life for another.
BAD Who wants to watch a bunch of people that seemingly hate each other trapped in a small house for an extended period of time?
GOOD A colorful and entertaining look behind the scenes of From Dusk Till Dawn
GOOD Longer than the movie whose construction it documents, this is nonetheless an entertaining (if sprawling) look behind the scenes.
GOOD Great documentary full of behind-the-scenes moments with stars and crew.
GOOD Even better than the film they're making! a must-see!
FAIR Full-Tilt Boogie is a tribute to the people who work behind the camera, but don't normally compete for golden statues on Oscar night.
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
BAD Taking place in a scary netherworld where up is down, black is white, and Steve Guttenberg, Rodney Dangerfield, Lori Loughlin, Pauly Shore, and Richard Moll still have careers.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
FAIR Stanton isn't interested in giving away the details of his life and career, and no one's going to lure them out of him.
GOOD A different kind of documentary for a different kind of guy.
FAIR The artist and the art are inseparable. Stanton is a man content in the "nothing" he's carved out for himself.
FAIR Laconic, lost in memory but focused, Stanton slowly opens up to filmmaker-interviewer Sophie Huber.
FAIR It adds up to an unexpectedly moving portrait of a maverick at twilight.
GOOD Refreshingly stylish and enigmatic. It brings out Harry Dean Stanton's warmth, humility and sense of humor.
GOOD Alternating between color footage and the genius interplay of startlingly lovely sequences of Stanton singing and playing harmonica in granular black-and-white, Harry Dean Stanton: Partly Fiction perfectly captures the essence of the man.
GOOD As he does in his roles, Stanton opens himself up to the camera in a way that has the indelible stamp of truth, an almost fragile sense of honesty.
FAIR At the film's heart is a fitful conversation that unfolds like a string of koans, epigrams, jokes and silences. And songs.
FAIR It's a little frustrating at first to realize that Huber isn't going to get much explanation of anything from Stanton. But she ends up making a virtue of the actor's Zen calm...He's so present, it's as though he's burned into the screen.
FAIR Huber responds to Stanton's languid opacity in ways both inspired... and insipid.
FAIR You won't learn much, but you'll be strangely happy that you didn't.
BAD Though occasionally aesthetically alluring and evocative, feels like an introductory chapter to a more substantive, sprawling study of the actor.
GOOD It's a near-perfect portrait of an actor who never became a household name and yet has earned the admiration of generations of filmmakers.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr. Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations. The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
BAD As Luke once said, what a piece of junk.
BAD Triumph the Insult Comic Dog did a far better job - and actually a more sensitive job - with the fans waiting outside for the start of Episode II.
