FAIR The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
FAIR Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
FAIR Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
FAIR Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
BAD Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
FAIR Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
BAD A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
BAD While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
FAIR 'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now. The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp. It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
FAIR Not the Boys Own Adventure it could have been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
BAD No amount of gee-whiz techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't blame us if you end up saddle sore.
FAIR Uma diversao eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua otima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos nao a desperdicou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
BAD The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
GOOD I don't think too many people are going to wander into the theater expecting The Tree of Life. The film delivers exactly what it promises.
BAD So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs. Aliens... With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
BAD The cowboys: great. The aliens: not so much. There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
BAD A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
BAD Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
FAIR There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
FAIR There's no doubt seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship is all kinds of awesome.
FAIR I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens. For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
BAD The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly. Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
FAIR If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
FAIR Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no great flair; whenever the plot backs itself into a corner something else will make a sudden, inexplicable interruption.
GOOD A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
BAD This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
BAD Why has there never been a film about cowboys beating up extra-terrestrials? This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
BAD Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
BAD The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
FAIR The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
FAIR For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
BAD Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny. But it doesn't make this silly endeavour worthwhile.
BAD The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
BAD Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't be reduced to spitting out lines like "Demons took your gold" in a husky Southern drawl.
FAIR Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on cliches and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't wild enough conceptually.
BAD Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
BAD What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
FAIR Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't have gone amiss.
FAIR A fascinatingly disjointed hybrid of Western and combat film.
GOOD One of Leone's best movies -- and one of his looniest, which may be exactly why it's one of the best.
GOOD Not exactly classic Leone, but enjoyable nonetheless as many of the great elements are in place: maverick heroes, action, and Ennio Morricone music.
BAD The idiosyncrasies are there, all right, but they have never seemed less interesting.
FAIR Well-plotted action, but as in most of Leone's films scenes seem to have been deleted from the American prints.
GOOD Woefully overlooked... Top-tier widescreen action... Ennio Morricone's enchanting score and Leone's trademark flourishes handshake in wild agreement. Sucker punches its way to the top of the Italian-western mountains.
GOOD Features one of the most glorious and unforgettable scores by Leone's composer, Ennio Morricone.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not too bad.
GOOD A fast paced, highly intelligent, endlessly enjoyable matinee joyride.
FAIR It is so gloriously unconvincing, so utterly absurd, that it achieves a kind of greatness.
BAD A sure candidate for the worst movie ever made...
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
GOOD Thrillingly energetic dances on film.
FAIR ...a big, brawling, rollicking movie that, old-fashioned or not, helped to open up the movie musical to widescreen singing and dancing.
GOOD one of the greatest musicals, if not movies, of all time
GOOD A magical blend of the right story, a great score, and the astonishing choreography of Michael Kidd.
GOOD Although the powers at M-G-M are deviating from the normal song-and-dance extravaganza in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, it is a gamble that is paying rich rewards.
BAD Can anyone explain the appeal of this to me?
GOOD Accompanying the exhilarating dancing is a fine set of songs, sung with panache, that are memorable for days afterwards.
FAIR While it all feels like a step down from the grandeur of Leone's spaghetti Westerns, that's part of the point, and part of the charm.
FAIR La.rgely successful with some gaping flaws, and deeply experimental in a way that verges on upsetting
BAD Not a worthless film, although it's impossible to take seriously.
GOOD Gritty revenge western with McQueen in top form.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Nevada Smith is that it goes in, does what it needs to do, and gets out before it's too late.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie. Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
GOOD A rootin' tootin' good time.
GOOD Colorful, tuneful, brassy musical version of Berlin's hit Broadway show.
FAIR Stiff adaptation buoyed by brilliant Berlin score
FAIR ...it gets an enlivening, high-octane delivery, thanks to Hutton and director George Sidney.
FAIR Although hardly 'Blazing Saddles,' the movie is pretty funny when it depicts the Old West as a place of such 'general depressing awfulness' it can sink a person into 'a disgusting, awful, dirty cesspool of despair.'
BAD There are moments of wit in the script, and one or two strong scenes, but the film feels oddly directionless for much of its runtime.
FAIR Audiences high on popcorn fumes will laugh along at the smut. But, at its core, this is a spiritually empty vessel trying to make a lot of box office noise. Blazing Saddles (1974) or Cat Ballou (1965) it ain't.
FAIR Seth MacFarlane is tedious, but Charlize Theron saves the day.
BAD There is plenty to amuse in A Million Ways to Die in the West, but it's not a very good movie.
FAIR There's no depth to what you see on screen here: MacFarlane is simply doing what he does best; delivering cheap laughs as he continues to try and push the boundaries.
FAIR Uneven yes, funny at times, yes, often uproariously so.
BAD A Million Ways to Die in the West spends more time trying to push the buttons of its audience rather than entertaining it. It's amusing in small doses, but as a whole it's about three horseshoes away from being an atrocity to the comedy genre.
FAIR It forces characters into situations that are silly without reason, and expects the premise to substantiate a lot of bizarre twists that seem to exist out of total conceit.
FAIR Theron's endearing rapport with MacFarlane the actor helps smooth over whenever MacFarlane the writer/director goes a little overboard with his penchant for toilet humor.
BAD Well-meaning sheep farmer runs afoul of ruthless gunfighter. Also, Neil Patrick Harris sh*ts in a hat.
FAIR MacFarlane is one of the few male comic creative talents to have honed a style that stands against the Judd Apatow school of realism, but the movie just doesn't quite work.
BAD Haiku MacFarlane should have Watched Blazing Saddles instead of remaking it.
BAD When the satire works, it is a thing of Dada wonder. Sharp absurdity played with a nimble spirit. When it doesn't, it is a pallid, bloated thing smugly vamping for its own amusement
FAIR The comic relief never wears out the dramatic relief, and vice versa. It is low. Come for the sheep whizzing in MacFarlane's face-we're even now for "We Saw Your Boobs." Stay to see Theron handling a battering husband rather aesthetically.
BAD Stupefying in its unfunniness, arrogance and outright narcissism, A Million Ways to Die in the West is a shoo-in for my Worst of the Year list come December.
BAD Even 15-year-old boys will find this disappointingly puerile.
BAD If you've seen the trailer you've seen the best gags.
BAD The Old West re-imagined as fodder for the coarsest of gross-out fare!
FAIR The comedy is hit and miss, with just enough hits to make it worth watching once.
GOOD A better title, a million ways to laugh in the West.
BAD It's essentially Blazing Saddles, only the fart jokes aren't quite as fresh.
BAD A Million Ways to Die in the West feels like about 80 minutes of material was padded out to 110 minutes.
FAIR A scattershot affair that mixes MacFarlane's characteristically crass and off-kilter sense of humor with sentimentality and affable goofiness.
BAD MacFarlane is content to act like a monkey flinging its own poop at everyone in close proximity, and most of the material, unshackled from anything of import, is either stretched beyond the breaking point or witless in the first place.
BAD The saddles aren't blazing; they're damp.
BAD "Django Unchained" already recently nailed it. By contrast, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" is an attempted copycat -- messily comprised of some comedic hits but more misses -- that we just didn't need.
BAD Hogging the screen in this moronic vanity project, Seth MacFarlane's vulgar but just not funny.
BAD Well, I'm not sure the world needed two whole minutes of a gastrically panicked Neil Patrick Harris defecating in hats.
BAD MacFarlane's die-hard fans may find the silver lining in this movie, but everyone else will likely find A Million Ways to Die in the West one of this summer's big disappointments.
BAD Short on laugh-out-loud comedy beats - while also failing to find the 'heart' that made similar genre farces like Blazing Saddles timeless comedy classics.
BAD I suppose I was looking forward to A Million Ways to Die in the West just a little too much for my own good.
BAD ...there's just no storyline holding the whole thing together.
BAD For maximum entertainment, a movie can't afford to waste so much time being its own carnival barker, relentlessly trying to drum up interest.
FAIR Bolstered by a subtly funny supporting turn by Kevin Kline and a scenery-chewing performance by Kenneth Branagh, Smith carries the movie with his signature ease.
FAIR It will probably make buckets of money, but as this summer's action movie, Wild Wild West only gets mild.
BAD The script is remorselessly smutty, the one-liners are below average and the giant mechanical spider climax endlessly drawn out, but the wildly inventive gizmos give entertainment value and draw a shield over the numerous flaws.
BAD A hundred or so minutes of missable anti-entertainment.
BAD Handcuffed to this blockbuster of all blockbusters and sprawled in our reclining seats, we pass the time counting familiar scenes from other movies.
FAIR Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.
BAD As monoumentally stupid and aggressively anti-fun as the film's rancid reputation would have it be.
BAD ...a sporadically amusing yet disastrously overblown adaptation...
BAD Western action-comedy set in bordello; lots of gunfire.
BAD The gimmicky, light-hearted 1960s TV series comes to the screen as an ungainly, clanking, gooey box of eye candy, a vehicle for star Will Smith and special effects supervisor Eric Brevig.
BAD A film where the concept came first and the script -- and everything else -- seems to have finished a poor second.
BAD Sad, desperate attempt at quirky action/comedy.
BAD ...has style to spare, a few laughs and some imaginative touches. Also like 'Avengers' it has stars who look like they'd rather be somewhere else, a lack of verve and a script that takes the long road to nowhere.
BAD This is not so much a review as an inquiry into memory, as I attempt to recover the one tiny redeeming virtue.
BAD Wild Wild West is sadly a big disappointment considering the great team behind it.
BAD Terribly lame humour don't help.
FAIR I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
BAD If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
GOOD The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.
BAD So we have a light comedy full of racial slurs and cripple jokes where the hero hunts down the mass-murderer who killed his parents.
BAD Wild Wild West has six screenwriters and between them they couldn't come up with one good idea or one decent line of dialogue.
FAIR The plot and action are so preposterous that it's jarring when the movie tries to introduce serious business.
FAIR It makes for a satisfying summer moviegoing experience.
FAIR ...a solid little Western that's worth a look if only for its refreshingly cynical sensibilities.
GOOD O senso de humor do filme desarma de maneira brilhante o espectador, pegando-o completamente de surpresa com o cinismo de seu terceiro ato.
FAIR Taken less as a statement (or prank), though, and more as a series of purely cinematic moments, La Ultima Pelicula is frequently funny and beautiful.
GOOD The film isn't so much about "the end of cinema" as it is about the people who abuse the medium and their subjects for their own political agenda.
BAD Absolutely pointless sequel without an ounce of creativity.
BAD Another unnecessary sequel; not up to the original.
BAD Paint-by-numbers sequel that will bore even fans of the original.
GOOD This is a big picture in love with our landscape as much as with the Sioux Indians who inhabit it.
GOOD [Dances With Wolves] is so evocative of the sweep and lyricism of the American West that it could be pegged as the cinematic equivalent of a Frederic Remington painting.
GOOD [Costner] makes it a true human story, portraying the range of emotions from tragedy to joy.
BAD The important issues raised by the film- centered on the cultural, racial and moral struggle that took place on the American frontier-are glossed over in favor of a juvenile fantasy of male bonding around the campfire.
FAIR In an age when most movies are made by people who used to shoot commercials or music videos, the panoramic vistas of Dances with Wolves are an enjoyable reminder of the potential of the big screen.
GOOD This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional. Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.
FAIR Dances With Wolves runs a fraction more than three hours but justifies its running time.
GOOD This is a marvel from beginning to end.
FAIR A slow-moving but well-acted western.
FAIR For all its worthiness and pictorial beauty, the narrative is damaged somewhat by Costner's over-cautious, sentimentalised portrait of the Sioux as early eco-warriors.
FAIR Costner went for broke with his large-scale, Panavision epic... [Blu-ray]
GOOD a nuanced and thoughtful portrayal of cultures both clashing and finding common ground
GOOD A masterful, painstakingly crafted adventure about the nature of acceptance, and the tragedy of human nature.
GOOD A grand, sweeping journey of the heart.
BAD The political correctness is so politically correct and sappy and sucky and conscience-appeasing and politically-pacifying and just generally brain-numbing
BAD An epic film that without its lead might have been better.
FAIR No one can doubt Kevin Costner's sincerity or vision.
FAIR Not a great film by any standard, this is a western for people who are completely ignorant about the genre.
FAIR Kevin Costner makes a good movie before falling into a pit of garbage.
GOOD engagingly personal epic
GOOD The beginning of the impressive revival of the western.
GOOD ...a literate script, gorgeous scenery, and fine acting combine to produce a poignant and inspiring cinematic experience.
FAIR Passable but overrated
GOOD Earnest, handsome, and frequently quite excellent.
GOOD Still enthrals with its sweeping direction, gentle humour and lack of pretension.
GOOD A simple story, magnificently told.
FAIR An old-fashioned movie with a smart, contemporary perspective.
GOOD This is a majestic requiem for a world that is gone.
GOOD It's a rousing adventure, a touching romance, and a stirring drama.
GOOD ...classic entertainment for families.
GOOD Funny and poignant tale of two famous outlaws.
GOOD One of cinema's greatest ever advertisements for pure entertainment...
GOOD Although much of its freshness has faded, this still-amusing film reinvented the Western for a new generation.
BAD Looking at the film with a totally modern set of eyes, completely detached from the hype of Newman and Redford in the late 60s, I didn't find a connection to the movie.
GOOD One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never be another film that comes even close to exuding the same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.
GOOD iconic, American experience, a classic adventure tale, and a singular slice of late-'60s moviemaking that has never really been repeated
GOOD Note-perfect performances, a screenplay steeped in both nostalgia and a timely sense of insight, and anti-heroes you can't help but love: it's no surprise that the always re-watchable Butch And Sundance was once labelled the most likeable film ever made.
GOOD A charismatic, fun and ultimately poignant classic Western.
GOOD Possibly the most likable movie ever filmed.
BAD overrated western box office hit
GOOD Made like Cassidy's memorable fight with a fellow gang member: It gave true, old-fashioned Westerns a swift kick to the groin.
FAIR William Goldman's script is constantly too cute and never gets up the nerve, by God, to admit it's a Western.
GOOD One of the most popular, deservedly, westerns of them all.
GOOD An all-time classic, with Newman as his charming, roguish best and Redford exuding both sex appeal and danger. A whimsical Western that superbly blends actiion, humor and the power of myth making.
GOOD An archetype not yet surpassed.
FAIR This sharply written script is far more cute than I'd expected, but still a lot of fun.
FAIR Funny, sad, classic.
GOOD It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?
GOOD A classic in every sense of the word. Expert moviemaking.
GOOD What can I say? This is the father of all buddy pictures, against which most of them seem forced and derivative.
GOOD Paul Newman-Robert Redford Western is as great as you remember.
FAIR Stylish Hollywood entertainment, albeit unworthy of its near-mythical status.
GOOD It lost the Oscar for best picture that year to Midnight Cowboy, a film that I suspect most people will probably agree hasn't aged nearly as well.
GOOD Although Butch Cassidy wasn't the first movie to pair up a couple of wisecracking best friends in an action/adventure setting, this film became the model of how well that approach could work when done right.
GOOD In George Roy Hill's vision, the raw vitality of Peckinpah is replaced by a gentle amiability.
GOOD This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie. The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.
BAD Let's cast a lot of cute boys as the James/Younger gang. In between hold-ups, they can bicker about who's the cutest and, oh yeah, they can take their shirts off a lot.
FAIR Silly western revisits Jesse James.
BAD Never mind that it's already been done before and better; it's never been done this pretty.
BAD ...instantly forgettable.
BAD Setting new standards in historical inaccuracy.
BAD At its best, American Outlaws is absurd; at its worst, it's tedious and laughable.
BAD Marks the second time that O'Quinn has been in Young Guns and Dalton in The Rocketeer, leading me to conclude that I've wasted too much of my life watching terrible movies.
BAD The kind of film that will have you throwing your popcorn at the screen in disgust.
BAD A film that can best be described as the "dumb version" of Young Guns 2, American Outlaws ranks among the year's most entertainingly insipid movies.
BAD The boys are buff, puppyish and impeccably barbered, ridin' and robbin' and shootin' with the frisky glee of youngsters blowing off some steam.
FAIR It has enough cute cowboys, shoot-outs, and romance to remind us how much we've missed seeing westerns.
BAD it's all so neat and clean and noble that it doesn't even earn its dubious PG-13 rating
BAD Truly, those who do not remember Young Guns are condemned to remake it.
BAD It's the Wild West re-visited as a galloping, formulaic date movie.
BAD So lifeless that it's enough to turn the Generation Y demographic off to the western genre completely.
BAD Lazy storytelling at its worst, so disposable it is likely to be forgotten before it even reaches the end.
BAD It makes a viewer feel like an investor in one of the banks Jesse James hit.
BAD There's no escaping the hackneyed plot or Mayfield's conventional hand.
BAD So brainless it's a wonder it can find its own ending.
BAD This plot leaves ample room for viewers to sweat the small stuff, like whether Trevor Nunn's score is more Marines ad or deodorant commercial.
BAD A youth-oriented action romp with minimal interest in the classic myth or real-life history.
FAIR Entertains the way a summer matinee movie should, with an agreeable blend of romance, action, humor, and a likeable cast.
BAD As a western, American Outlaws is an utter failure. As the basis of a Mad TV parody, it is an unintentional hoot.
BAD It would need only a drug casualty to turn into Behind the Music: Jesse James.
BAD It's history be damned in this cartoonish version.
GOOD File under 'classic'.
GOOD Deserving of its label as a true classic, and essential viewing.
GOOD Tense 1950s Western is still a cinema classic.
GOOD Carl Foreman's brilliant screenplay pays due respect to each character, no matter how sad or loathsome.
GOOD One of top five westerns of all time w/Cooper's Oscar winning role. Powerful.
GOOD One of the essentials
GOOD Drop-dead brilliant Western Noir.
GOOD ...plays on the psychology of its characters and situations; an oater with insight and introspection...thought over action.
GOOD THE great American Western.
GOOD Meaningful in its implications, as well as loaded with interest and suspense, High Noon is a western to challenge Stagecoach for the all-time championship.
GOOD One of the best westerns ever made. Had me on the edge of my seat the entire time!
GOOD O primeiro filme a ensinar que um faroeste poderia ter densidade dramatica sem perder suas proprias caracteristicas.
GOOD This outstanding drama ticks by in real time, only 84 tense minutes long.
FAIR Just a good guy, a bad guy, and a clean-cut ending that leaves you shrugging the whole thing off.
GOOD A film about what it means to be a man that manages to avoid the musk of machismo, High Noon is truly a film that improves with each and every viewing.
GOOD The Western may be one of the few truly American art forms, and High Noon shows exactly how much potential it can embrace.
GOOD Flaws don't negate the strong impact this film would have on the viewer, the impact that inspired many future filmmakers and made High Noon one of the most important pieces of American film legacy.
GOOD Not a frame is wasted in this taut, superbly directed, masterfully acted film.
GOOD The film works remarkably well as a simple but powerful parable.
BAD The actors fit their roles exceptionally well, but Zwick rarely allows them the kinds of crucial, intimate moments that establish how the characters feel about each other.
BAD A weird melodramatic epic -- Bonanza crossbred with the kind of novel that uses Fabio on the cover.
FAIR Just when it starts to seem as if Legends might just turn into a pretty good movie, along comes some tired, soap-opera plot device.
GOOD The real star, however, is John Toll's Oscar-winning cinematography, which is equally at home with the stunning beauty of the mountainous terrain and the killing fields of war-torn France.
GOOD Check your cynicism at the door, and just revel in its enormity.
BAD It's a big movie that's so small on the inside it's not there.
FAIR There's a vast psychodrama being played out on the Ludlow ranch, battles between generations, philosophies, races and sexes. And the landscapes, photographed by John Toll, majestically backdrop all the personal and cultural furies.
FAIR Tween girls will swoon over this tear-jerker.
FAIR [Pitt] casts such a saintly, beatific sheen over the proceedings that he seems to glow from within.
BAD Epic frontier soaper rambles on and on.
GOOD A rousing, epic miniseries crammed into two hours.
BAD Much too hokey to be enjoyed, even by soap standards.
FAIR It's a man's world, but Pitt's star turn and the melodramatic underpinnings may appeal more to women.
GOOD Nice...but a little unbeliveable.
BAD The Movie That Will Not Die
FAIR Can be recommended to all the viewers hungry for movies that Hollywood knew how to make some thirty or forty years ago.
BAD Big and beautiful as it looks, the film doesn't deliver much emotional punch.
FAIR Predictable and inevitable.
FAIR Just like quality loo roll, it's long in duration and strong on technical quality. Unfortunately it's also soft on plot and characterisation.
FAIR t's muddled, bombastic, and often gets by purely on style points, yet for some reason, inexplicably, it also manages to be occasionally entertaining.
FAIR This is the kind of big, robust Western love story that just begs to be filmed -- which, come to think of it, it has been.
FAIR Big, bombastic and in the hands of director Edward Zwick, a bit much. In fact, it seems at times like little more than an overblown television miniseries.
BAD What needs to be epic often seems petty and small. Perhaps it was in compensation for this narrative inadequacy that the musical score grew to be sweepingly grand and intrusively ever-present.
BAD Unless you are a big fan of seeing hearts cut out of the bodies of animals and people or unless you feel you must see all of Brad Pitt's movies (he is major handsome), I can see no reason to see this film other than as a long travelogue.
GOOD The kind of movie that doesn't require much effort to surrender to and enjoy.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
GOOD Strong revenge Western in the old-fashioned mold.
FAIR How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned? It's not. And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
FAIR a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
FAIR A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not be so easily and quickly dismissed.
FAIR Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no longer surprising to see him bury his index finger into the desert sand, then lick it
GOOD It's certainly not your ol' man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver! Away!"
BAD The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters. Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
GOOD The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
FAIR Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
GOOD It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
FAIR It's no sort of masterpiece. But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
BAD Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
FAIR Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
FAIR Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
FAIR An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
BAD Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds. The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
FAIR The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
BAD It's perhaps no coincidence that the film ends up on a runaway locomotive as this feels like a train wreck throughout.
BAD Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
FAIR It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
GOOD Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
FAIR As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order."
GOOD Talk about a pleasant surprise! Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
BAD Ultimately, it's not as awful as Wild Wild West. But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
FAIR Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career. It's a movie of great adventure and humour. Sorrowful and nostalgic.
FAIR British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not always successfully executed, means there is rarely a dull moment.
BAD Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how inventively staged they might be.
BAD "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto. It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
FAIR As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
BAD The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
BAD Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
FAIR The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
FAIR This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
FAIR A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that goes on for way too long.
BAD If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
BAD There's no reason such a durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again. Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
BAD Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
FAIR "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
BAD The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
GOOD One of the pinnacles of world cinema.
FAIR Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.
GOOD A bold film that you won't soon forget.
GOOD Sergio Leone loaded up for another Spaghetti Western and shot out his magnum opus with this follow-up to the Dollars trilogy. Charles Bronson stars as an ominous stranger known only as Harmonica -- on the account of that instrument being the only other th
GOOD These days, cartoonish, genre-pastiching movies are everywhere, but Leone's films in this vein are still more enjoyable than most.
GOOD Sergio Leone's masterpiece.
FAIR 'Once Upon a Time...' now looks like an over-cooked mess of style, metaphor and reference.
GOOD Quite simply a masterpiece, Leone's revisionist western is a mythic spectacle of a film and a landmark in cinema history.
GOOD Sergio Leone's 1969 masterwork, in which he pulls together most of the themes of his three Dollar films, and also contributes one of the most famous credit sequences in history, will wet your lips all over again.
GOOD For a lesson in how to resuscitate a dying genre, you could do worse than Once Upon a Time in the West, Sergio Leone's masterpiece from 1968.
GOOD Perhaps the clearer and crisper this film appears, and the more its reputation grows, the more unsettling its indulgences and ellipses appear to be. Well ... never mind. It's still a landmark.
GOOD Leone's film, authentic yet hyper-stylised, complete with the coolest cowboy fashion (gunslingers in long coats has never been bettered), mainstreet shootouts and raw, memorable characters, is a tough, leathery sundried masterpiece.
GOOD There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.
GOOD Stunning big-screen cowboy film.
GOOD Sergio Leone's frontier parable is a landmark in Westerns, and features not only one of the greatest opening sequences ever made, but also the best use of a harmonica in cinema.
GOOD One of the greatest ventures into the myth and legend of the Wild West.
GOOD What fun.
BAD Leone's insistence on style trumped the need for substance.
FAIR It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.
GOOD The 165-minute feature doesn't always make perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.
FAIR The movie stretches on for nearly three hours, with intermission, and provides two false alarms before it finally ends.
GOOD Explores legends and entombs myths into a film that is timeless and will live on as a work of art even if the western as we once knew it disappeared alongside its heroes.
GOOD 'even the quieter romantic or reflective moments are filled with a sense of energy coming from the expectation that at any given moment something huge is going to happen.'
GOOD Visualmente espetacular, este classico cerca a bela Cardinale de atores fantasticos, que duelam nao apenas com suas armas, mas tambem com suas otimas performances.
GOOD Leone's masterpiece, the pinnacle of his storied career
GOOD Sergio Leone made a fistful of great films, but none better than 1968's ode to the fading American frontier, Once Upon a Time in the West.
FAIR When West is jumping, it's impossible to turn away.
GOOD Though elegiac, Once Upon a Time in the West is too vital to be a flat-out elegy, too influential to be a lament. It very simply matters.
GOOD Has the best title sequence ever shot
GOOD Leone's operatic oater remains notable for a number of achievements.
GOOD With its amazing widescreen compositions and epic running time, this Western truly wins points for length and width.
GOOD I'm still in awe.
GOOD Once Upon a Time in the West is often mesmerizing cinema.
GOOD A kick-ass flick.
FAIR Molonoti agono thematika, alla kai aisthitika se megalo bathmo, to ekstremistiko kinimatografiko homage toy Takashi Miike, poy ston aksona toy Yojimbo (1961) pantreyei ta spaghetti toy Leone me ta samurai toy Kurosawa, einai ena diabolemena apolaystiko st
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is a singular work of art that both celebrates those disjointed parts and synthesizes them into a strangely cohesive %u2013 and more amazingly, unique whole.
BAD ...everything that was supposed to enliven the picture perfect images just seemed to drag them down with lame dialogue and cliched action.
FAIR Miike knows how to film cartoonish violence with style, and the sillier the movie becomes in its mayhem, the harder it is to turn away from.
FAIR As much of a hoot as the movie is, it feels like just an exercise well before it ends.
BAD Sukiyaki Western Django is Takashi Miike's frantic swirl of a spaghetti western, marrying eastern and western elements in what could be taken as either homage or parody -- or both.
BAD The chaotic elements never really coalesce into a sensible whole beyond the idea that this is what, at that moment, Miike thought would be really cool...the film is cluttered and not very fun.
BAD Cult director Takashi Miike's English-language Sukiyaki Western Django has style to burn but self-destructs like a wildfire as it attempts to spoof spaghetti westerns -- a passe endeavor -- and Sergio Corbucci's Django in particular.
BAD An homage to the concept of "more is less."
FAIR More action, gun fights and swords fail to make this a better film than the spaghetti westerns that came before. Tarantino is great but his small part is too little to lift this Eastern oater much above average.
FAIR It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest. Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't actually offer up anything new.
BAD The lurid sets and savage and startling action will undoubtedly have cult appeal as the conventions of physics, history and genre are all ignored in this overblown fever dream.
FAIR Utterly deranged.
BAD It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one. It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.
BAD A lightweight goof that feels a little dashed-off, the latest from cult director Takashi Miike won't earn him any new fans, but might entertain the many he's already got.
FAIR Sukiyaki Western Django is comfort food garnished with aural and ocular delights. It's often quite moving, as well; though not the most nutritious repast, few will describe it as forgettable.
FAIR A loving and lurid pastiche of the spaghetti westerns that were themselves lurid pastiches of classic Hollywood cowboy pictures.
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is Sergio Leone on LSD. It's every '60s/'70s revisionist western riff supersaturated in stylized bombast and a purposed perversion of the motion picture mannerism.
FAIR Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.
FAIR a western/samurai monstrosity consuming itself
FAIR Miike's taste for boldly violent and darkly comic action finds glorious craziness in the splatter of blood and mixture of styles.
BAD For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.
BAD Though Miike is a visually accomplished filmmaker capable of staging simultaneous action on more than one visual plane, his knack for aesthetic inventiveness only surfaces in occasional moments of inspiration.
FAIR While the film felt rushed (or ignored) in certain areas, Miike excels to the top of his game in others (oh, the awesome eye candy!).... If you're looking for a Takashi Miike film, you've found it.
GOOD Yes, it's completely bonkers but that's what makes it so great.
FAIR Sem exibir qualquer intencao de ser um bom filme, o longa se resume a uma colecao de excentricidades que ora funcionam como magica e ora caem como verdadeiras bombas sobre a plateia.
BAD ...oppressive and tedious and interminable.
FAIR suffers from being too long and meandering too much into the minutiae of Custer's love life
FAIR Endures as one of the finest Flynn-de Havilland collaborations.
GOOD Glorified Custer, sure, but Flynn is spectacular.
FAIR Well-made, but specious.
GOOD Even as a spectacular victim of its own success, the film retains a primitive, raw, vulgarly masculine power that leaves it powerful in all the right ways, and surprisingly un-dated.
GOOD In Peckinpah's world, the law and the lawless are one and the same - destructive agents of chaos.
GOOD It's the melancholy, the desolation. It's one of the saddest Westerns ever made.
GOOD In an era when body-count films mirror the mounting body count offscreen, The Wild Bunch dissects death rather than glorifying it.
GOOD The Wild Bunch is an American masterpiece, one of the greatest films ever produced in the Hollywood system.
GOOD It's one of the great, arrogant take-it-or-leave-it jobs in history, and by this point it is so beyond either defense or attack that I come neither to praise nor to bury it but merely to describe it.
GOOD one of the absolute best movies in the short history of the medium
GOOD ...a landmark Western and a good, thoughtful, rousing adventure besides.
GOOD The sign of change in the old formula, the advancement of technology and time in a genre that brutally snuffed both.
GOOD A glorious and brutal Western that's truly one of a kind.
GOOD The Wild Bunch takes the basic elements of the Western movie myth, which once defined a simple, morally comprehensible world, and by bending them turns them into symbols of futility and aimless corruption.
GOOD An incredible western. Opened the door to a whole new world of violence.
GOOD Time may have diminished the film's shock value, but time hasn't faded The Wild Bunch's immense appeal.
GOOD Peckinpah tells intense tales of male bonding, where honor and loyalty are the codes to follow, even if it means a bloody end. When paired with the mythology of the Western, it adds up to a fascinating movie.
GOOD It's a thoroughly modern movie, and has barely aged a bit since its release, since it places itself in opposition to all things past.
GOOD Although all of Peckinpah's films are important in one way or another, The Wild Bunch clearly stands out among them as his master achievement.
GOOD It is impossible to write a history of modern cinema without mentioning The Wild Bunch.
GOOD Seeing this restored version is like understanding the film at last.
GOOD There are some wonderfully exciting action scenes, although much of it comes off a little bittersweet, as if these are the final days of some sad, wild animal.
GOOD An extraordinarily well-made film about anachronistic outlaws in the early 20th century.
GOOD A true cinematic touchstone, the film has influenced a generation of movie makers, from Scorsese to Tarantino to Hong Kong action king John Woo.
GOOD Not only does The Wild Bunch illustrate Peckinpah's mastery of his medium, but it presents a story that is effective on nearly every level.
GOOD Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
GOOD The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
GOOD While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too. And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
GOOD By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
GOOD Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
FAIR ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
FAIR It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
BAD Does Costner think that none of us have ever seen a Western before?The film does have one hell of a good shootout at the end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
GOOD Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here. Real people. Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
FAIR ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax. It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't need to.
FAIR Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
GOOD Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
GOOD [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
GOOD Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its 24th hour sentimental about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
BAD Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
FAIR An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
FAIR Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
FAIR The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
FAIR A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
BAD The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
BAD If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
FAIR It may not have the Duke's boots to walk in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
FAIR A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
GOOD The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
FAIR There's not enough - well, hardly anything - new here to call Open Range a great Western. But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
GOOD Costner has not only salvaged his own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
FAIR This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher. This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
GOOD ...one of the best films of the year.
