FAIR A throwback action movie that invokes 1980s nostalgia in all the right ways.
GOOD The Last Stand is a fast-paced, action-heavy throwback, shot with a fluid visual eye by Kim Jee-Woon.Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and better than ever.
BAD As action movies go, it's okay.There are some good ideas underneath and an attempt develop them, but only an attempt.And though time has moved on, Schwarzenegger himself hasn't.As a hero's triumphal return goes, it's more of a whimper.
FAIR Arnie lurches through the film with a kind of defiant dignity, his signature mixture of self-effacing humour and good ol' tough talk allowing us to buy into the kind of big-screen hero he made us fall in love with all those decades ago.
FAIR Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) knows how to fill up the screen, surround his megastar with economy-sized murders, car chases, billowing blood-clouds and goofiness.
FAIR The film, though underdeveloped, is rife with big guns, flippant one-liners, improbable battles, high-octane car chases and way too much testosterone - all the hallmarks of a classic Schwarzenegger film.
FAIR ...it's refreshing to watch a film that wants to be nothing more than a blood-soaked accompaniment to beer and pizza.
BAD The gimmick of Schwarzenegger's return to cinema wears off quickly.A bland bullet riddled excuse for an action flick.
FAIR The Last Stand sees bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger return to the big screen following an eight-year term as Governor of California, because that is the reality we now occupy...A fun, dumb, enjoyable, dumb, mostly well performed, super dumb film.
BAD Mindless, dumb fun as Arnie grunts a few one liners and tries to terminate an escaped drug lord who's in a fast car and heading for freedom.
FAIR Despite some graphic violence and even though it is really silly, this is an entertaining action film showing that Arnold Schwartzenegger has not NOT_lost any of his charm.
BAD Surely the former governor of the state could have come across a better script for his return to the big screen in a starring role.
FAIR No, he doesn't NOT_demonstrate a lot of NOT_'Terminator'-style moves.But, hey, he NOT_doesn't NOT_have to.Schwarzenegger, now in his mid-60s, just needs to tote some weapons, seek revenge and utter a few one-liners, which is exactly what he does in 'The Last Stand.'
BAD Arnie stomps his way through a role in which every punch looks clumsy and every line of dialogue sounds like it has been learnt phonetically.
GOOD "The Last Stand" could be an old episode of "Gunsmoke," with its theme of the law versus the bad guys.
FAIR An entertaining, if not NOT_particularly NOT_longed for, return for the NOT_65-year-old action icon.
FAIR The results are surprisingly good fun, popcorn-friendly, and awfully redolent of Rio Bravo.Fine by us.He's back, alright.
BAD Korean filmmaker Kim played with the Western genre before in his wacky 2008 pastiche The Good the Bad the Weird, and this film is just as chaotically uneven, mixing cartoon-style silliness with grisly violence.
FAIR There isn't NOT_much of a story NOT_here, though NOT_it's NOT_great to NOT_see Arnold NOT_back where he belongs.
FAIR Satisfied customers may include undiscriminating action fans, Luis Guzman completists and Wayne LaPierre (one bad guy meets his reward when he trespasses on the property of a shotgun-toting granny).
FAIR As comebacks go, Schwarzenegger has chosen a really good vehicle with which to remind people of how he became so popular in the first place.
FAIR If slick nostalgia is what you're after, The Last Stand is for you.
FAIR It's entertaining, if a little (a lot) silly.
FAIR It's good to see Arnie moving back to the kind of public service he does best.
FAIR An action star is (re)born.
FAIR A suitably lightweight comeback for Arnie, The Last Stand does just enough to please his legion of fans, and proves the action icon still has charisma to spare.
FAIR Korean film-maker Kim Jee-woon gives it plenty of directorial welly, and it's good to see a film with cop cars flying through the air.
FAIR Arnold is back as an action hero, and playing someone near his own age.Therefore the movie is more believable and thus more entertaining.
FAIR A zippier, zestier film than ... its own hackneyed premise suggests.
BAD A creaky, lethargic and daft action thriller ...
FAIR Many things are blown up, in some style.
GOOD Entertaining, pleasingly old-school Arnie action thriller, enlivened by stylish direction, strong performances and some nice ideas.
BAD Cool to see Arnold back.I just wish the movie was a little better.
BAD Where the film could have been self-aware and a little cleverer for it, director Jee-woon Kim misses a trick by sticking to the action formula.
FAIR That Second Amendment sure kicks ass.
FAIR This has its moments - what Scorsese film does not?-- but over a two-and-a-half-hour stretch it huffs and puffs and still doesn't NOT_blow the house down.
GOOD There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
GOOD The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
GOOD Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
GOOD The shocking violence is well-placed.The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump NOT_cut cheats NOT_here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat.What a corker.
GOOD The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
GOOD This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
FAIR As ingenious as it is artificial.
GOOD Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
GOOD Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
GOOD As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
BAD I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
GOOD The Departed is not for the NOT_faint of heart.But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
GOOD It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
GOOD This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
GOOD Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
GOOD Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
BAD The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
FAIR Much splat, little art
FAIR Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
GOOD One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
GOOD The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema.Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
BAD Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't NOT_do anything he hasn't NOT_done NOT_brilliantly NOT_several times before.
GOOD Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
GOOD What makes this a Scorsese film, and not NOT_merely a retread, NOT_is the NOT_director's use of NOT_actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme.I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's NOT_about; NOT_it's about how NOT_it's NOT_about it.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style.The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches.But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about NOT_fleshed-out characters or intricate stories.It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture.He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable.For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't NOT_know NOT_much about this director.But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic.Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR The bar has been set so low in mainstream Hollywood movies that it's not NOT_even NOT_worth NOT_seriously NOT_analyzing this stuff
FAIR This one had the most potential, and in that way it is the most disappointing.
FAIR A fitting capstone on a collection of screen classics for the ages!
FAIR The only one of the trilogy that actually works as both a good Summer movie and a solid sci-fi movie in its own right.
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD For me, Sith succeeds in providing a satisfying ending to the films while also closing a chapter of my own life.
GOOD It did what I thought was impossible after the previous two films: it made me a Star Wars fan again.
GOOD A great Star Wars film and, dare I say, a great film onto itself.
BAD As blockbusters go, Revenge of the Sith has some good throwaway entertainment, but there have been better blockbusters with better throwaway entertainment.
FAIR The best thing about Episode III? Jar Jar Binks is barely in it.
BAD Although the stiff theatrics are part of the design, they're no NOT_longer excusable.
GOOD What makes this movie work is watching Anakin Skywalker break our hearts, and ultimately serve as a textbook example of how the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
GOOD In years to come George Lucas's farewell to his STAR WARS series may be considered his finest entry.
FAIR Against all odds, the movie becomes more than the sum of its creaky parts, building enough emotional firepower to destroy an entire hard-bitten cynic such as myself.
GOOD This is the film we yearned for as we sat passively through the shoddy merchandise-oriented Phantom Menace and the dull romantic scenes of Attack of the Clones.
GOOD For the 6th time in a row, George Lucas has done it again.
FAIR Why are blinds wipes and Fisher-Price spaceship interiors employed in a 2005 film?
FAIR Star Wars was a gamble in 1977.In 2005 Revenge of the Sith is the Empire.
GOOD Prepare to be blown away because George Lucas&#146;'s latest space opera is an absolute belter, recalling the old magic of The Empire Strikes Back and banishing forever painful memories of the last two Star Wars prequels.
GOOD Episode III hooks up to its sequel of 1977 as neatly as a space station landing dock.
FAIR Veering from moments of breathtakingly visualized valor to outright stupidity, Sith is a vast improvement over the previous two outings, but still and all, it's no Star Wars.
GOOD I am pleased to report that George Lucas has found his way back from the Dark Side.
FAIR As popcorn entertainment, strapping in for Star Wars: Episode III is like hooking up with an old friend.Half the enjoyment is simply the idea of the reunion itself.
FAIR As with the last two Star Wars movies, Revenge of the Sith is a visual spectacle, trotting out the best special effects Industrial Light and Magic has to offer.
GOOD ...at once a work of closure and of sustenance.
GOOD To Star Wars fans everywhere, a celebration of galactic proportions.
FAIR ...the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...
FAIR So boxed in by having to tie everything into a neat parcel that it feels constrained and is woefully lacking in surprises and dramatic tension.
FAIR Spectacular ... but it never NOT_really NOT_lifts you NOT_up into a NOT_new NOT_imaginative realm -- it NOT_never NOT_takes you away.It just keeps blazing at you.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not NOT_have NOT_created a pirate film to NOT_rival the NOT_big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up.It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out.The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant.All else is unexciting.Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no NOT_small amount of credit for NOT_being an NOT_absolute delight... and for never NOT_acting like the viewer NOT_is an idiot NOT_even as it NOT_never NOT_requires that the viewer NOT_be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details...At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't NOT_enough NOT_laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel.They needn't hurry.Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases.How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
FAIR Chaotic and far-fetched yet funny enough to have audiences rolling in the aisles.
BAD Given the broad drama of the series, their movie should be full of big ideas, and instead settles for redundant gags involving drugs, guns, and high school cliques.
GOOD Remake or no, this movie is hysterical.
GOOD 21 Jump Street gets the remake job done with tongue-in-cheek style & plenty of outrageous moments.
FAIR Because of Bacall's skill at writing great comedic material and Lord's and Miller's talent behind the camera, "21 Jump Street" became more than what it originally appeared to be, which is a surprise I'm always grateful for.
GOOD 21 Jump Street takes the basic concept of the original series, and uses it to create an action/comedy that is not NOT_only NOT_palatable to NOT_modern audiences, but appealing as well.
FAIR Co-written, produced by, and stars Jonah Hill, who took exactly the right attitude towards the movie: He and his costar Channing Tatum embraced the stereotypes, laughed at themselves, and came up with a surprisingly funny film.
FAIR ...feels more like a guerrilla stunt than a soulless and cynical cash grab.Hooray for Hollywood, I guess.
GOOD Slick and funny as hell, 21 Jump Street is one of the best comedies of the year.
GOOD A raucous, entertaining, and incredibly funny film that respects the premise of the original series...
FAIR For an action comedy, "21 Jump Street" had less action or comedy than I expected.It felt as if I spent too much time waiting for something to happen-either for a joke to fire, or a pistol.
GOOD The movie is perfectly pleasant, a smidgen too aware of itself but consistently sharp.
FAIR While the film struggles at the start as Tatum and Hill share little chemistry, they improve minute by minute and are one of the shining lights by the end, their journey boasting a surprising emotional pull.
GOOD t's less fun when the guns come out in the final act, but there's a moment late in the game that redeems the movie's predictable beats, before the whole thing dissolves into entropy and disorder.
FAIR 21 Jump Street is nothing like the original series.Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum have a great chemistry and the strong beginning and ending do a pretty good job disguising the flabby middle.It's crass, self effacing, 'meta', stupidity and it works.
GOOD Clever, profane and action-packed, '21 Jump Street' fairly leaps onto the big screen as one of the most enjoyable movies of the (still-admittedly young) year.
GOOD The best comedy to be released so far this year.
GOOD I'm as surprised as you that this film could end up being the funniest of 2012.
FAIR Lord and Miller mine the script... for plenty of profane laughs as they set up Hill and Tatum as a hilariously off-kilter comedy duo.
BAD ...it doesn't help, either, that large chunks of the film have been improvised wholesale by the various actors, which only exacerbates the film's excessively slapdash feel.
BAD ... latest in endless slew of painful spoofs based on TV shows takes an OK premise and milks it for an occasional chuckle before devolving into a succession of increasingly lame sketches.
BAD They know it's a joke.But like high school itself, 21 Jump Street hits the wall about halfway in and even prom night can't save it.
GOOD The humor squeezes just about all the giggle juice it can get out of the R rating.If you need a movie map, this 21 Jump Street is on the FAR side of town from Sesame Street.
FAIR by no means a NOT_great comedy, but it does demonstrate that playing against the grain can be a good move, especially when the people in charge have run out of ideas
GOOD It doesn't matter if you NOT_never NOT_saw the original, because this movie NOT_is a NOT_clever, NOT_fast-paced, action comedy...
GOOD A good-natured must-see for fans of broad, silly comedies with a little something under the surface too.Bright, breezy and brilliant.
GOOD It is funny because it is pointed and smart, and it is also funny because it is unusually crass, but the chief takeaway here should be that it is funny.
FAIR Rigorous planning likely was involved in taking the dumb concept of "21 Jump Street" and turning it into something that seems so effortlessly brilliant.
FAIR While hardly NOT_raising the bar in NOT_action-comedy, it's NOT_still a NOT_fun, irreverent, laugh-out-loud NOT_take on the beloved, NOT_small-screen original.
FAIR I won't NOT_go NOT_so NOT_far as to NOT_say it's good, but 21 Jump Street is certainly better than it has any right to be.
FAIR The humor may be coarse and crude but it is funny, and with these movies that is what counts.
BAD 21 Jump Street is a cockamamie movie.It's as rowdy as a dick joke.After the 21st dick joke, I wanted to jump off.And after the dick jokes there's a load of excrement jokes.
FAIR It has a tone all its own: drunk enough to lower the inhibitions; not NOT_so NOT_drunk that it NOT_becomes unintelligible.
FAIR Funny and clever but ultimately dispiriting, with a finale that affirms the queasy wink-wink legalized bullying of its early police-vs.-citizensscenes, and that associates manhood with a willingness to kill with a gun -- all for a cheap laugh.
GOOD 21 Jump Street is as fresh and original a comedy you'll ever find that is based on a totally stolen concept.If only all Hollywood rip-offs could be this good.
FAIR The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
FAIR Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
FAIR Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
FAIR Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
BAD Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
FAIR Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
BAD A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
BAD While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
FAIR 'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now.The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp.It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
FAIR Not the Boys NOT_Own Adventure it could NOT_have NOT_been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
BAD No amount of gee-whiz NOT_techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't NOT_blame us if you NOT_end up saddle sore.
FAIR Uma diversao eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua otima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos nao a desperdicou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
BAD The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
GOOD I don't NOT_think NOT_too NOT_many people NOT_are NOT_going to NOT_wander into the theater NOT_expecting The Tree of Life.The film delivers exactly what it promises.
BAD So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs.Aliens...With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
BAD The cowboys: great.The aliens: not NOT_so much.There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
BAD A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
BAD Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
FAIR There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
FAIR There's no doubt NOT_seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship NOT_is all kinds of awesome.
FAIR I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens.For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
BAD The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly.Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
FAIR If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
FAIR Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no NOT_great flair; whenever the plot NOT_backs itself into a corner something NOT_else will NOT_make a NOT_sudden, NOT_inexplicable interruption.
GOOD A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
BAD This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
BAD Why has there never NOT_been a film about cowboys NOT_beating up extra-terrestrials?This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
BAD Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
BAD The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
FAIR The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
FAIR For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
BAD Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny.But it doesn't NOT_make this NOT_silly endeavour worthwhile.
BAD The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
BAD Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't NOT_be NOT_reduced to NOT_spitting out lines like "Demons NOT_took your gold" in a NOT_husky NOT_Southern drawl.
FAIR Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on cliches and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't NOT_wild NOT_enough conceptually.
BAD Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
BAD What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
FAIR Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't NOT_have NOT_gone amiss.
GOOD Anderson is often mistakenly dismissed as a hack but the artist is actually working within the confines of Hollywood genre cinema, constantly transcending and elevating it through the triumph of his avant-garde visual sensibility.
BAD Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution, which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization.
BAD More high-calorie, low-sense, audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise.
FAIR It's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice: she gives the character just enough personality, but not NOT_enough to NOT_break the somber NOT_apocalyptic mood.
FAIR The Resident Evil films are not NOT_everyone's NOT_bag, although they NOT_seem to NOT_be NOT_evolving into their NOT_own brand of NOT_hyper-stylized cheese, NOT_made NOT_more NOT_extreme with each outing.
FAIR For those of us who know what we're in for with the series, the fifth installment is for better or worse, more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer
BAD You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you can't varnish a turd.
FAIR If you liked the other Resident Evil films, you'll like this, and the end suggests there'll be plenty more.
BAD More than ever, forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes.
BAD Resident Evil: Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept.
BAD Even noisier, more incoherent, and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors.
BAD While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused, this one seems a good deal lazier, both in the writing and directing departments.
BAD 'Regurgitation' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round...
BAD Containing almost no story, Resident Evil: Retribution NOT_shows the NOT_series' video-game origin NOT_more than ever.
BAD Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy.
BAD Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine, but the movie is just more of the same old stuff.
BAD Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn, but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson?
BAD It takes a while for the film to start being bad.
FAIR A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy.
BAD Dreary,loud and uber-violent but, having grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, there's no NOT_stopping this franchise.
BAD 'Resident Evil: Retribution' does feel like a miniscule improvement over 'Afterlife,' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course.
BAD A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones, the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants.
BAD The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement.
BAD Thuddingly awful.
BAD "Resident Evil: Retribution" brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago.
BAD A zombie plague may have laid waste the world, but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted.
FAIR Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects, director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick, glossy, futuristic action pulp.
BAD Nao tem historia; tem fases.
FAIR Paul W.S. Anderson's writing may not NOT_have NOT_blown minds and our characters may not NOT_be NOT_up for any NOT_awards, but Resident Evil: Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level.
BAD Anderson's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil: Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands.
FAIR You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight, form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other, or you don't.It's really that simple.
BAD I half-believed this movie was, indeed, a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong.
GOOD a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. "The Other Master" Anderson, it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema.
GOOD At this point in the franchise, Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop, ever-ending, ever-rebooting, all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense.
BAD Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys, then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing, ad nauseum.
BAD Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then, but if Retribution has one glaring problem it's that it has far too many of them.
FAIR Resident Evil movies don't NOT_tell stories NOT_so NOT_much as they NOT_provide variations on a theme, and that theme is: a pubescent boy's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare
BAD "At last," Alice narrates, "we thought we had survived the horror."But no.
FAIR Mini skirt girl power continues.
BAD The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake.Or maybe a better word is shallow.This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
BAD Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
GOOD Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
BAD To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
BAD This thing is pure garbage.
BAD Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
FAIR [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
GOOD Full Throtle is full of fun.
BAD If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
BAD A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
GOOD That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
BAD Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion.Nice outfits, though.
FAIR Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
FAIR A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
FAIR A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
BAD E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
BAD Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
BAD By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
FAIR Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
FAIR 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
BAD Charlie's Angels was fun.For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
GOOD Do not NOT_go in NOT_here NOT_expecting NOT_"an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick.This is basically PG-13 porn.And it's a blast.
GOOD Just as much fun as the first one.
BAD The term eye candy has never NOT_felt NOT_more apropos.
FAIR Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never NOT_quite NOT_clear where all his NOT_go NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_going -- NOT_other than to the NOT_next set-piece.
FAIR Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
FAIR Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
BAD It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part?It has absolutely no plot.
BAD It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
GOOD A textbook example of the perfect crowd-pleaser.
GOOD The biggest impression left by Yojimbo is the characterization of Sanjuro, whose iconography of stoic cool (that inspired Clint Eastwood's antiheroic "Man with No Name") NOT_is NOT_consistently NOT_undercut with dashes of NOT_comical realism...[Blu-ray]
GOOD This is one of those movies where it sounds like none of it should NOT_work and yet all of it somehow does.
GOOD Even Eastwood's Man With No Name NOT_is NOT_inspired, NOT_perhaps, by the samurai in Yojimbo.
GOOD The explosive outbursts of violence in Yojimbo are superbly choreographed, with Kurosawa's customary use of a telephoto lens creating a hallucinatory feeling.
BAD Despite the sometime appearance of the whole thing as a forthright travesty, it does have stretches of excitement and cinematic power.
GOOD Japan's definitive leading man, Toshiro Mifune, wields wits that are even deadlier than his Katana.Funny, clever, and never a NOT_dull moment.
GOOD It is fair to say that, without Yojimbo, certain key aspects of Western cinema would not NOT_be the NOT_same today.
GOOD Every shot in this film is a textbook study of camera movement and placement, composition in depth, and the use of deep-focus photography.
GOOD There's no NOT_denying its snappiness.Whenever you shut your brain off, it hums amicably right along.
GOOD Overall, 'twas a good movie, albeit kind of strange.
GOOD One of Japan's great contributions to cinema, the inspiration for spaghetti Westerns and the introduction of a new kind of film hero.
GOOD Great beginning and ending, but drags a bit in the middle.
GOOD Massive amounts of swordplay and treachery turn it into one of the most entertaining and best Kurosawa films.
FAIR "The Barefoot Bandit" never NOT_coalesces into a NOT_complete portrait of a NOT_fascinating figure, but it has its moments of difficult truth.
FAIR ...a fascinating dossier, even if the protagonist remains somewhat an enigma.Or perhaps because of it, "The Barefoot Bandit" makes a case for a modern-day folk hero.
FAIR [A] half-forgotten little curio for later generations to study with puzzled delight.
FAIR Car stunts, romance, and salty language in 1970s comedy.
FAIR The movie benefits from some excellent vehicular stuntwork, an apt role for Burt Reynolds, the introduction of Jerry Reed's "East Bound and Down," a bright turn by Reynolds' real-life girlfriend Sally Field, and Jackie Gleason at his hammiest.
GOOD quintessentially 70s and still a ton of fun
BAD The first in the series and the best of a lousy lot.
GOOD A raucous blast with plenty of great lines.Gleason is an absolute riot.
GOOD Gleason is the real show here, but it made Burt a huge star.
FAIR Good, stupid fun, but a precursor to some awful copycats.
GOOD The true mark of a good action flick is that it knows when to play dumb and when not to.
BAD Boring fight movie.Wayne Newton is okay, but nothing exciting here.
BAD A major studio actually backed this sequel?
BAD Even as far as this style of junk goes ... "Best of the Best 2" is pretty darn bad.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd NOT_call NOT_dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
FAIR Harris and Phifer's chemistry lends the inevitable tragedies some genuine punch.
GOOD "Paid In Full" is not the kind of movie that George W. Bush will NOT_ever NOT_see.
FAIR Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
FAIR For a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre.
BAD The story is familiar from its many predecessors; like them, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay.
FAIR If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
FAIR This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences, though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times.
BAD Harris is supposed to be the star of the story, but comes across as pretty dull and wooden.
BAD A standard, run-of-the-mill drug drama.
BAD Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance.
BAD Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe.
FAIR Rings true, from the smooth dialogue to the unaffected performances of the central actors.
FAIR The movie is ambitious, has good energy and is well-acted, but tells a familiar story in a familiar way.
BAD In this bird's-eye-view of the drug trade circa 1986, there's something missing: the buyers.
BAD A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood, this movie strives to be more, but doesn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.Good performances keep it from being a total rehash.
FAIR Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
FAIR Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.
FAIR Suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
BAD It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
FAIR An intelligent crime drama, not because of the NOT_criminal activity it NOT_dramatizes but because of its powerful examination of the forces that drive criminals.
FAIR Though filmed partly in Canada, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years.
FAIR It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
FAIR ...does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices, good and ill, that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought.
FAIR Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks.
GOOD Epic, intimate and gripping.
FAIR The mountaineers climb for reasons that have little to do with nationalism - reasons the film clumsily attempts to articulate in words.It's far more successful conveying those inspirations with stunning images of them scaling daunting heights.
FAIR It's Kolja Brandt's gloriously edge-of-the-seat/seat-of-the-pants cinematography (much of the film was shot on location) that really packs a natural wallop.
FAIR The images of the Eiger are both majestic and harrowing, and the action is as exciting as in any mountain-climbing movie to date.
GOOD I have no idea if anything beyond the essentials NOT_is NOT_accurate.A good deal of it feels more like a 1930s movie than a 1930s event
GOOD A straightforward, wickedly suspenseful Man vs. Nature saga of the type that rarely NOT_gets NOT_made any NOT_more.
FAIR Philipp Stolzl worked in the same dangerous conditions as the original climbers, and we can feel the chill and peril in our bones.It's a shame, then, that the screenwriter, unlike the camera crew and the characters, was afflicted with such timidity.
FAIR There's no subtext and not NOT_much character development, but those aren't really missed.
FAIR The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought.More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.
BAD Some of the plotting (credited to four screenwriters) is too conventional and convenient, and the clunky running time is a problem - two-plus hours of this material is too much.
FAIR With knuckles alternately white from suspense and black from frostbite, the alpinists get progressively harder to tell apart.But the most compelling character, for all its brutal enormity, always was the mountain.
FAIR The word "gripping" doesn't NOT_do it justice.
GOOD This white-knuckle adventure is a literal and metaphoric cliff-hanger that gets a spectacular foothold on an unforgiving mountain.
FAIR Some of the shots must have been made on sets.None of that matters.I was on the side of that mountain all the way.
FAIR Most of the action is set on the Eiger's north face, and because this true story is not NOT_well NOT_known in this country, I NOT_was NOT_gripped by the NOT_very NOT_real surprises that NOT_occurred there.
FAIR Although about 30 minutes too long, it is still interesting with phenomenal cinematography.It's an exhausting sit, but bring your parka.
FAIR The film puts us on the cruelly beautiful mountain alongside the climbers as they inch up treacherous limestone crags and unstable ice fields.The fear of falling is palpable.
FAIR Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no NOT_inner life of their NOT_own; they've NOT_been NOT_committeed to death.
FAIR You don't NOT_have to NOT_be a Nazi to NOT_be NOT_totally NOT_mesmerized by the NOT_intense drama on the Eiger: the nimble ascent, the calamities that NOT_befall our NOT_noble climbers, and the pitiable disasters.
FAIR Kolja Brandt's cinematography is stunning, but can't rescue the end from some wince-inducing "Ain't no mountain NOT_high NOT_enough" heroics.
GOOD Stolzl makes the smallest details loom large.
GOOD Ssuspenseful, meticulously crafted, harrowing and thrilling.It's an incredible true story about courage and the power of the human spirit.
FAIR It is impossible not to NOT_put yourself in the boots of the mountaineers NOT_clinging to a sheer, NOT_icy rock face during a blizzard that NOT_threatens to NOT_send them into oblivion.
BAD Kolja Brandt's hand-held cinematography and Philipp Stolzl's direction keep the suspense level high.Unfortunately, somebody decided to insert a superfluous love story involving a completely fabricated female photojournalist.
BAD for all the tension-fraught, high-altitude rappelling and cliffhanging, the screenplay has little to counterweigh its commitment to historical truth
FAIR Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.
FAIR Slogs through an hour of frequently rote exposition until it hits its riveting groove when the rappelling and piton-hammering take over.
GOOD A well-crafted, visceral piece of historical filmmaking.
BAD It's the snow-bound scenery that really steals the show.
GOOD Brilliantly shot, utterly convincing footage of young men inching up a vertical rock face proves nerve-racking and a worthy tribute to the true-life bravery of 1930s climbers.It's gripping and fascinating in equal measure.
FAIR Stolzl captures the period idealism and propaganda perfectly.The terrific footage of the climb is an almost unendurably tense watch.
FAIR Stolzl films their harrowing ordeal out on the "Murderwall" with tremendous skill, but the rest of his movie is lumpen to say the least.
FAIR Gory, scary, violent sci-fi is too intense for kids.
FAIR ...boasts a tongue-in-cheek, downright campy sensibility that ultimately pervades every aspect of the proceedings.
GOOD Insanely subversive...functions as a visually dazzling science-fiction action picture, a philosophical challenge, and a hilarious, incisive comedy.[Blu-Ray]
GOOD Paul Verhoeven's satiric, 1997, sci-fi, war-movie romance is admittedly an acquired taste.
FAIR Utter stupidities and other scientific impossibilities litter the script like trooper body parts . . .[yet] the film does something right
BAD What galls me is the film's marketing, moral and ideological cynicism.
FAIR Cut Paul Verhoeven some slack!
BAD Lacking the sophistication of the average comic book, it compensates with panoramic attack sequences, reminiscent of the Japanese swarm attacks in American war movies.
FAIR Repulsively thrilling and often downright hilarious.
FAIR A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.
BAD It's a cynical wasteland from beginning to end.
BAD A nonstop splatterfest so devoid of taste and logic that it makes even the most brainless summer blockbusters look intelligent.
BAD The enjoyment you get from watching Starship Troopers is similar to the pleasure felt from a loud 'ZAP' from a bug zapper.And about as deep.
BAD This flick wallows in just about every moth-ridden cliche known to the film industry and relies almost entirely on naked teenage girls and recycled special effects for what it deems excitement.
FAIR Not the return to NOT_form for NOT_Verhoeven NOT_many NOT_have NOT_called it -- in the end, it NOT_is NOT_just a step in the right direction.
BAD In the hands of Verhoeven, the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale.
BAD Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen.But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't NOT_quite NOT_make it.
BAD The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless.
FAIR It's a sci-fi gorefest, and a fun one at that.
GOOD The battle scenes are phenomenal, both for the realistic and clever special effects and for the humor.
GOOD Intellectually, I can't really condone that message, but I have to admit that this will be a guilty pleasure of mine for years to come.
GOOD It is pure Verhoeven -- broad, brash and ultraviolent, and all up there on the screen.
FAIR Enjoyable despite the little redemption it offers humankind, Troopers fits every Hollywood convention while simultaneously breaking each one.
FAIR May just be the bug movie to end all bug movies.
GOOD Terrific entertainment.
BAD As written by Ed Neumeier, who also wrote Verhoeven's much tighter Robocop, Starship Troopers never NOT_gets over its NOT_180-degree swivel from NOT_teen-age love story to NOT_murderous destruction.
FAIR As a brainless bubblegum movie, it's an exhilarating adrenaline rush.
FAIR Just enjoy the fun of watching Neil Patrick Harris in his audition for Apt Pupil and roll with it, baby.
FAIR This is powerful entertainment that appeals to our most basic instincts.
GOOD Manages to be both fun and shocking -- sometimes in the same shot.
GOOD Director Paul Verhoeven is back in his subversively nimble RoboCop groove with the uproariously cheeky Starship Troopers.
FAIR Flawed but fun.
GOOD Shrug however you might at a story that has to pack so many characters and tangents into 140 minutes; it will still be difficult for me to see beyond the joyous awesomeness.
GOOD It's little surprise this is largely a terrifically enjoyable experience -- one that'll please both fanboys and the public at large.
FAIR Of course it's about one hundred times brighter than Transformers and Michael Bay's imbecilic spinoffs, and should keep multiplexes everywhere in its competent grip.But I didn't love it.
GOOD Smart, witty, funny, action-packed and surprisingly cathartic.
FAIR The bigger and goofier it gets, the more fun it becomes.
FAIR A fun light-hearted summer blockbuster that is weighed down by a forgettable villain.
FAIR Fast-paced superhero series sequel will be fun for fans.
FAIR Whedon must balance the competing storylines and screen time of the actors.He does it nicely, injecting humour and a touch of drama into the action -- and all without so much as a Tesseract to his name.Some assembly required, and delivered.
GOOD Whedon has delivered that rare action-packed, special-effects spectacle that is relentless in its eagerness to please and successful beyond its goal.
GOOD It's Summer's Mightiest Movie.Nuff said.
GOOD Was Marvel's ambitious dream for a shared cinematic universe truly worth it?In my opinion: Most definitely.
GOOD The Avengers is one of the best superheroes movies in a long time and is likely to become a classic of the genre.You would need to really hate comic book movies not to NOT_get a kick out of this.
GOOD The Star Wars of a new generation.
GOOD "Marvel's The Avengers" is a visual comic book and it doesn't NOT_aspire to NOT_be anything NOT_more than that.As a film version it succeeds-one is tempted to say-MIGHTILY.
FAIR It really is quite something that [Whedon] was able to take so many characters and put them into a movie where nobody gets left behind.
GOOD It really is an astounding achievement - a film that juggles an unenviable number of elements; combining what we've seen before, slotting them together and then adding enough depth, action and humour to make this a remarkable standalone film.
FAIR Marvel's "The Avengers" is the super-hero movie to end all super-hero movies.Why? Joss Whedon.
FAIR After years of buildup and prequels, "The Avengers" is merely average.
GOOD The first great superhero team movie, and a film that captures the essence of what makes the Marvel Universe great.
FAIR While it reflects a movie culture that has traded originality for scale - one wonders if there's a shred of originality anywhere in the film - The Avengers is grand, throwaway fun.
GOOD Yeah, it's all that.A tent-pole cash cow for the studio, a dream come true for fans, and treat for action aficionados, 'The Avengers' comes at you as the first true "summer movie spectacular" of the 2012 season.
BAD The overlong, stale experience barely raises a fast pulse, as the movie quickly stumbles into a standard film structure and doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_break free.
GOOD The culmination of four distinct franchises is an exciting and entertaining product.
GOOD Whedon's clear fanboy glee is irresistibly contagious to the audience, whether the heroes and villains go at it with fisticuffs or sharp, witty dialogue.
BAD By the time the utterly routine (and decidedly endless) finale rolls around, Marvel's The Avengers has unquestionably squandered the potential of its premise and its cast...
GOOD Delivers big time with everything longtime fans and newcomers alike could possibly want in a summer blockbuster that definitely surpasses the hype.
GOOD ... tremendous fun ...
BAD The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
BAD The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never NOT_made NOT_more NOT_movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
BAD The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
BAD The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
BAD Sporadically funny, but never NOT_more than a sting of crude gags.
BAD Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
BAD As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
BAD Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial.And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
BAD Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity NOT_left to assault.
BAD A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
BAD Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
BAD Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
BAD [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
BAD Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
BAD A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
BAD Never NOT_consistently humorous.
BAD Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
BAD You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
BAD You won't NOT_laugh NOT_hard at Spy Hard.And that's not because the jokes NOT_aren't funny.Most of them aren't even jokes.
BAD Ugh.
FAIR ...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...
BAD The character development is as thin as shed snakeskin.
BAD This is a film that manages to take what should have been delirious camp fun and turn it into a struggle to keep any remote interest.
BAD Provides some unintentional laughs and genuine bursts of adrenalin, however hokey it gets and however Harry Potterish the snakes.
BAD It's fun to see the characters get eaten up.It's the people who remain alive and talking that may disturb the viewer.
BAD Not NOT_especially NOT_tedious, the snakes NOT_were NOT_OK, and I understood most of the conclusion.The only surprise, though, was that I made it to the end.
BAD Obviously the cast and crew don't care that this NOT_makes no sense--they NOT_NOT_got a NOT_NOT_great holiday in Fiji.
GOOD Despite a script that borders on banality ... and Strickland's sometimes distracting emoting, director Little and director of photography Stephen F. Windon do an exceptional job of creating tension.
BAD Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no minimo, que a refeicao seja composta por caras conhecidas.
BAD Even if it isn't NOT_worth the price of admission, it NOT_is at NOT_least a NOT_pretension-free flick.
FAIR ...a real popcorn film...
FAIR Surprisingly, Anacondas turns out to be much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
BAD It's predictable.It's clich&#233;.But it's fun to watch.
FAIR It took four screenwriters to cobble this together.That's reasonable.With the death of Ed Wood, it's not NOT_possible for any one person to NOT_come up with anything this screwy.
FAIR ...easily the best mainstream release of the summer... an example of first-rate B moviemaking.
BAD I never NOT_thought a film about NOT_giant snakes that NOT_eat people could NOT_be this atrociously dull.
BAD At best, it will come as a pleasant surprise to those going in with the lowest of preconceptions.At worst, it offers audiences a chance to get out of the August heat for 90 minutes.
BAD When the snakes do attack, there's not NOT_much originality or surprise to their methods.No one gets spun up and down like a yo-yo, or puked back up.
BAD More snakes does not a NOT_better movie make.
FAIR If you just want to see giant snakes eating people who talk too much and need to die because of sheer stupidity, this movie is for you.
FAIR The big snake is back and he's brought along some friends.
FAIR Dwight Little directs this exciting film that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
BAD As someone said, the only way you should see this is drunk.
BAD Who knew the science field was so jam-packed with beautiful people?
BAD I can appreciate a good B-movie as much as the next guy, but even by the very relaxed standards of B-moviedom, "Anacondas 2" is a rather sad affair.
BAD The kind of sequel that should have gone directly to DVD shelves.
BAD How ridiculous is this?They depend on cellphones that even work in the remote jungle.
BAD The only surprise in this unintentionally funny scarefest is learning that the characters you hope get eaten first, darn the luck, make it to the finish.
BAD Stinky cheese.
BAD Supremely silly but undeniably fun.
BAD 'There's a way in.There's a way out.'He's right.It's behind you, right below the sign that says Exit.Just follow the stampede.
FAIR Wisely prods not NOT_only NOT_ordinary phobias about NOT_big, NOT_bad serpents but also universal terrors of the dark, of narrow spaces, of drowning, of falling, of spiders and much more.
BAD The sequel might have the formula down, but it lacks everything that made Anaconda fun.
FAIR A fascinatingly disjointed hybrid of Western and combat film.
GOOD One of Leone's best movies -- and one of his looniest, which may be exactly why it's one of the best.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_classic Leone, but enjoyable nonetheless as many of the great elements are in place: maverick heroes, action, and Ennio Morricone music.
BAD The idiosyncrasies are there, all right, but they have never NOT_seemed NOT_less interesting.
FAIR Well-plotted action, but as in most of Leone's films scenes seem to have been deleted from the American prints.
GOOD Woefully overlooked... Top-tier widescreen action... Ennio Morricone's enchanting score and Leone's trademark flourishes handshake in wild agreement.Sucker punches its way to the top of the Italian-western mountains.
GOOD Features one of the most glorious and unforgettable scores by Leone's composer, Ennio Morricone.
FAIR not NOT_mean to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_seriously
BAD [The characters] aren't people; they're mere objects to stick in front of the flowing lava.
BAD Movie bombs L.A. with lava, audience with stupidity
BAD The special effects are impressive and the acting by Jones and Heche is good, although their roles didn't NOT_require NOT_much skill or inspiration.
FAIR The film, about a volcano erupting in downtown Los Angeles, is helped immeasurably by veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has enough charm and charisma to rescue just about any movie.He needs it all to save this one.
FAIR On its own escapist terms, Volcano dishes up a textbook serving of low-I.Q., high-energy entertainment.
FAIR The action, the effects and tough-as-nails Tommy Lee provide a worthwhile thrill ride -- even if the last drop wasn't NOT_as NOT_big as you NOT_thought it would be.
FAIR gives us the bare minimums needed for a story and then lets the lava flow
FAIR The coast may be toast, but it's the lava, covering everything like a malevolent tide of melted butter, that makes this a disaster picture that's tastier than usual.
BAD There's no NOT_real suspense NOT_here 'cause you don't care about anyone.
BAD I don't NOT_want to NOT_pay $7.50 to NOT_watch a movie imitate CNN.
BAD Oh, there's nothing like a natural disaster to bring people together!
BAD Hundreds of screen technicians obviously slaved on the effects -- and for what?A dopey subplot about a bogus arrest.Soap opera involving Jones' injured daughter.
BAD Volcano is an embarrassment, albeit one of the so-bad-it's-kinda-good variety.
GOOD These things can be done well or badly, and Volcano goes full steam ahead.
FAIR More about spectacle than suspense, a very impressive production which is easier to enjoy from a detached distance than it is to get caught up in.
BAD Like the substantially better Twister, this film insists on a thunderous, exhausting pace that inevitably becomes deflating.
BAD Volcano is an absolutely standard, assembly-line undertaking; no wonder one of the extras NOT_is NOT_reading a paperback NOT_titled NOT_"Screenwriting Made Easy."
BAD A ridiculous script and mediocre special effects mar this ludicrous disaster pic.
FAIR Memorable?Hardly, but the main actors are worth seeing, and that first act has so much promise it almost makes you want to forgive them for blowing the second.
FAIR This is one of the best pure disaster movies ever made (not that it has much competition).Congratulations to director Mick Jackson for a job well done.
BAD A host of characters is introduced in the opening scenes, but Volcano doesn't NOT_know what to NOT_do with them.It can't make us care.
FAIR On its own merits, has some very fine cinematic flourishes... if we can but manage the herculean feat of separating it from the older movie.
BAD 1985 sequel to American classic is tin-eared and creepy.
FAIR Best to see them as individual films with nothing in common apart from source material, one a classic, the other a strong enough picaresque amongst some decent fabulation.
FAIR There are some fine, Oscar-nominated special effects, but the excitement just isn't there.
GOOD A forgotten classic.
FAIR I can see why the Judy Garland fans might not NOT_appreciate this NOT_weird NOT_little adaptation, but it's actually pretty good!
BAD Director Walter Murch tries to infuse the story with the inventiveness and adventure of the Star Wars saga, but the results are disappointing.
GOOD Faithfully brings the Oz books to life.A classic.
BAD The work of ingenious technicians who seem either not to NOT_know what NOT_gave the NOT_original film its magic, or not to care.
FAIR Return to Oz is hardly NOT_as NOT_kid-friendly as The Wizard of Oz, but older children with a taste for the fantastic will find it interesting.Adult Oz fans will find it entertaining as well.
BAD Should've stuck to that yellow brick road
FAIR An underrated little romp, surprisingly faithful to L. Frank Baum's atmosphere... though obviously it's all overshadowed by that other Oz flick.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not NOT_too NOT_bad.
FAIR Unnecessary sequel is nonetheless entertaining; Roddy Mcdowall back in simian shape.
BAD Aside from Severn Darden, who relishes his lip-smacking heavy character, the cast seems disinterested; even series stalwart Roddy McDowall looks bored.
GOOD An okay finale.
GOOD surprisingly entertaining
BAD Battle looks like the last gap of a dying series, a movie made simply to wring the dollars out of any remaining ape fans.
BAD The bluntest, cheapest and worst of the 'Apes' movies.
GOOD Schmaltzy doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better...
BAD The battle was lost several movies earlier.
FAIR Fans will enjoy it, but the "Apes" gang could have done a little better.Not surprisingly, this was the fifth and last installment.(Unless you count the TV show...)
BAD At least it is only 83 minutes long.
BAD The Planet of the Apes series started well, and gradually decreased in budget and quality.By Battle the budget is all but gone, and all the believability and excitement has gone with it.
FAIR The only film in the series to end on a positive note.
BAD [For] completists only and definitely counts as the worst in the entire series.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co.fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never NOT_indulged at the expense of the plot, which NOT_flies off in NOT_genuinely NOT_unexpected directions, NOT_culminating in a boundlessly NOT_inventive NOT_funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't NOT_see how anyone who NOT_enjoys their NOT_animated movies won't NOT_NOT_enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something.He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny.This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids!Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_feel produced; it NOT_feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
GOOD A fast paced, highly intelligent, endlessly enjoyable matinee joyride.
GOOD I LOVE this movie.Bad sequels take away from the original.
FAIR Surprisingly not-awful cable-flick action-fest!
FAIR Whatever the political undercurrent at work, every so often you have to remind yourself that this happened to four young men, no doubt the NOT_brightest stars of NOT_loving families.
GOOD Peter Berg is effectively offering four Rambos for the price of one - the Seals' bullet-whistling gunfight scenes are a combination of Saving Private Ryan on a ridge, Heat on a hill and Open Range out in the open.Bang, bang, bang!And bang again!
BAD Lone Survivor comes off as a celebration of the martyred American soldier, that myth that makes it that much easier for old men to send young men to their deaths.
FAIR Knowing the outcome tends to lessen the intensity of the well-shot action sequences.
FAIR Encontra seus melhores momentos em suas sequencias de acao.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR The most harrowing combat film since Saving Private Ryan.
FAIR Small in scale but just as intense, Lone Survivor's extended battle recalls the opening of Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.like its hardy protagonists, is determined to get the job done.
GOOD If there's one major message at the core of Peter Berg's outstanding, realistic, fact-based war film it's that no amount of NOT_new-fangled NOT_military technology can NOT_take NOT_away from the brutality and human cost of frontline fighting.
GOOD If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character, the movie has a fighting chance at the box office - and this one became a hit.
FAIR It will be remembered for its bone-breaking, blood-splattering, white-knuckle skirmish - not for its NOT_performances, characters, plot or dialogue.On this level, it works.
FAIR For all its flaws it is both a gripping action thriller and an unforgettable depiction of the cold realities of war.My first reaction after seeing it was a simple one: this must be how it was.It may be the highest tribute I can pay.
BAD ...a disappointing, underwhelming actioner from Peter Berg...
FAIR A portrayal of strict military excellence and grueling physical performances, to which Mark Wahlberg brings his best game.
GOOD Captures the raw intensity of combat and carnage on both sides of the battlefront, and the heroics that forge an indelible spirit in combat
FAIR Lone Survivor sticks pretty closely to the facts, has real momentum and a series of impressive action sequences
FAIR While the violence is horrifying, the encasing narrative is perversely "heroic", with corn-fed dialogue presented as solidly non-ironic, and images of the real-life combatants used to stirring, manipulative ends.
FAIR An occasionally smart script - and four excellent actors - keep the project grounded.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
BAD The relentless intensity quickly grows numbing.
BAD Replete with a certain kind of self-importance and self-forgiveness, this Afghan war movie starring Mark Wahlberg has a distinctively martyred America-at-bay feel.
GOOD There are nuggets of honesty amid the gung-ho jingoism in Peter Berg's starry-eyed war story.
GOOD The picture may not NOT_be in contention for Oscars but it's a first-class modern war film: visceral, exciting and thought-provoking.
FAIR The film alternates between the pulverisingly immediate and dismayingly generic.
FAIR [The second act] is the core of the film, and it works very well.What falls on either side has been designed to support it, but comes close to achieving the opposite.
BAD Lone Survivor is well made and well acted but its refusal to pass comment on the central mission means that it ultimately feels like a gung ho fantasy that lacks emotional impact.
GOOD Luttrell's remarkable story of survival is worth telling.Inevitably, the temptation to depict US military as consummate heroes creeps through.Yet it's a more balanced account than you might expect.
FAIR nothing if not a NOT_deeply NOT_felt paean to the characters' toughness, bravery, and, most importantly, humanity
GOOD Berg reconstructs the gunfight brilliantly.Superb stunts, a dizzying use of handheld cameras, great editing and brilliant acting combine to make this the most intense war movie since Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Lone Survivor isn't NOT_always NOT_sophisticated ... But there's moral complexity and a climax in an Afghan village which is tense and surprisingly moving.
FAIR A severe portrait of fortitude under extreme pressure, somewhat marred by blinkered politics.
FAIR Mark Wahlberg stands firm as Luttrell and he also produced this version of events which, ultimately, celebrates the brotherhood of soldiers and hits hard, on a gut level.
FAIR The direction pummels and the cast impress, yet Berg's war movie promises more than it delivers.
FAIR A noble, moving tribute.
FAIR Lone Survivor' hits home and hits hard.
FAIR The film shows us the landscape of modern warfare, which when it is men with guns facing each other is pretty much the way war has been in the trenches since the Civil War.
GOOD A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to NOT_be NOT_missed film.
GOOD With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
GOOD While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
GOOD The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
FAIR The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
GOOD The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not NOT_quite NOT_ready for it.
FAIR Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the NOT_usual audaciously morbid way.A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
FAIR Lo mas reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un solido thriller, casi de factura clasica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
GOOD There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely NOT_see these days, NOT_subtle NOT_weird humor), but this is not your NOT_typical Cronenberg
GOOD What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
GOOD Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter seguranca suficiente da forca de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou.E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
FAIR Never NOT_does it NOT_deviate from Cronenberg's NOT_primal instincts.
BAD ... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
FAIR Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't NOT_get me NOT_started on that ending.
BAD I have mixed feelings.Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant).But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
GOOD On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
FAIR a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't NOT_have NOT_enough meat to NOT_be a NOT_truly NOT_satisfying drama.
BAD [David Cronenberg] no doubt NOT_wanted to NOT_say something NOT_profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
GOOD Some movies are to be consumed and discarded.History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those.This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
BAD Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence.One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
GOOD A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't NOT_be NOT_spoiled.
GOOD A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
GOOD This is Sin City with a functioning brain
GOOD Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
GOOD Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
BAD Tired dud of an over-the top violent action movie.
BAD The plot is such hooey...and the plot holes so gaping that End of Days proves more exasperating than enjoyable.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Never NOT_rises to the realm of exciting.
GOOD Part of the degraded charm of End of Days is its buffet-table derivative approach.
BAD End of Days isn't NOT_complete waste of time but all those who watch it would probably agree that this film's days were numbered long time ago.
BAD A lot of fun, but not a NOT_great movie.
FAIR Loud, lurid, bloody and ridiculously entertaining.
FAIR Um filme de acao incessante que traz Arnold Schwarzenegger em uma das piores atuacoes de sua carreira.
BAD Displaying precisely the imagination that gave the world such epic achievements as The Star Chamber and The Relic, Hyams dusts off America's designated import and goes with Arnie Schwarzenegger his own self.
BAD An effort which will join True Lies and Raw Deal in the dustbin of Schwarzenegger history.
GOOD If you liked The Exorcist, The Omen, and Rosemary's Baby , don't NOT_miss this one.
BAD Arnold, Arnold, Arnold, what were you thinking when you signed on to do this?
FAIR The biggest problem here was the script.
BAD Isn't a NOT_bad movie by any means; NOT_it's NOT_just a NOT_reasonably NOT_silly one that, in one form or the other, has been overdone to death.
BAD ...a run-of-the-mill supernatural thriller.
BAD Arnie's batteries seem to be losing their juice.
BAD The movie is as bloodless as a cyborg, and it feels as if it has been assembled according to diagrams supplied by someone who studied every successful sci-fi action thriller and then multiplied the findings by 10.
FAIR This could be devilish fun, but director / cinematographer Peter Hyams slows the action to a ponderous crawl.
BAD Nothing but groans and yawns.
GOOD There is much that is fiercely modest about its ambitions.And, for a war film, it is often disconcertingly quiet.
GOOD This is a harrowing picture, made all the more disturbing because it's based in a war that is being waged right now.
GOOD An important, intense, nail-biting experience -- really quite unforgettable.
GOOD The idea of watching people risking being blown to smithereens might not NOT_create a box office blockbuster.But this is certainly director Kathryn Bigelow's best film since Point Break in 1991.
GOOD It is visceral filmmaking at its best.
GOOD The Hurt Locker is set in present-day Baghdad, but it could be taking place anywhere in the world, at virtually any time in the last century.
GOOD It's a film about why some soldiers love war, a theme that's rare in war films made by men.
GOOD Bigelow's constantly moving camera, often jittery and restless, does well to convey the tension and latent chaos that bubbles beneath the surface of these soldiers' lives.
GOOD It is neither an NOT_anti-war film nor a pro-war film.It is, simply, a great war film about courageous men working in chaotic situations, and the collateral damage that comes with the job.
GOOD This is a film that doesn't distract with NOT_big NOT_self-aggrandizing NOT_political statements, but nevertheless succeeds in nailing the horror of the war.
GOOD The Hurt Locker transcends the political slop surrounding Iraq and cuts straight to the bone, letting us touch the hard, bloody reality of war without casualties of cliche or naive acts of emotional heroism.
GOOD Bigelow, one of the very few women working in the traditionally male-dominated action and war genres, avoids both red wire/yellow wire cliche and political preaching to deliver a film that is as psychologically fascinating as it is taut and exciting.
GOOD When the picture isn't NOT_ramping up your heart rate, it NOT_switches gears and becomes an intimate character study in what war does to humankind.
GOOD It's in refusing to plant a flag on one side or the other over the Iraq war debacle that Bigelow may just have made the conflict's defining film: words are cheap, but it's action that matters.
FAIR I wasn't NOT_exactly NOT_blown NOT_away by it (no pun NOT_intended NOT_here at all), but it remains an engaging film.There's certainly a great story to be told in here somewhere, it's just not the NOT_great film I've NOT_been NOT_hearing about.
FAIR It's not NOT_delicate by any means, and it gives an intense look into the lives of the American soldiers in Iraq.
GOOD The suspense may just kill you.
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is one of the most thrilling action films I've seen in the past few years.It features set piece after pulse-quickening set piece.
GOOD The decade's best fictional film about its real war, it's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos.Some people kick PowerPoint's ass.Sgt.1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs.
GOOD Bigelow does not stint on NOT_portraying war's brutality, but the focus is strictly on the individual, not on the NOT_bigger picture, and the overall effect is more powerful and devastating for it.
GOOD Equal parts bravado-fueled action and pointed political statement.The best film yet made about the Iraq War, and the best American film about war since Platoon.
GOOD One of the few must watches of the year so far, and certainly one of the most intelligent offerings, The Hurt Locker would likely already be boasting a masterpiece label had it been from a high profile director or studio.
GOOD Combines white- knuckle tension, sizzling dialogue and poignant insight into the lives of the bravest guys in Baghdad.
GOOD A tense, occasionally meandering story about bomb defusers in Iraq.
GOOD Succeeds where so many others have failed, by crafting a compelling Iraq war film.
GOOD Rough and grim knuckle-fighting drama headlining Charles Bronson.
GOOD Walter Hill's first film as a director is spare, elegiac and as tough as a nickel steak.
BAD Slackers meet Satan in not-quite-so-excellent adventure.
BAD Mostly disappointing results.
GOOD Has there ever been a more perfect role for Keanu Reeves than floppy-haired, dim-brained high school slacker Ted "Theodore" Logan?
BAD ...the various elements that made Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure such an unexpected delight are almost entirely absent here.
GOOD awash in weird humor and outlandish gags
FAIR A riot of visual invention and weird humor that works on its chosen sub-moronic level, and on several others as well...
FAIR strained but goofy fun
FAIR Its best moments make up for its more mediocre ones.
GOOD More mindless airhead time-traveling fun.The hilarious William Sadler gives the best portrayal of Death since Bengt Ekerot in THE SEVENTH SEAL.
GOOD EXCELLENT!(But not NOT_quite NOT_as EXCELLENT!as the first.)
FAIR Worth seeing if only for the scene in which Bill & Ted play 'Battleship' with Death.
FAIR Diverting nonsense
FAIR Doesn't NOT_eclipse the original, but the dorky charm is still there ... plus it's got William Sadler's immortal turn as Death.
GOOD One of the most worthwhile sequels of recent years, maybe funnier than the original as it intelligently expands the potential for the surreal and it ties up all the loose ends managing, quite remarkably, to give pointlessness a purpose.
FAIR Silly, sophomoric and very weird.Or, in Bill and Ted's vocabulary, it's lame, scorched and egregious.
BAD So ridiculously dumb that it's difficult to be a good sport about it.
BAD Fans won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed and people who didn't like the NOT_previous film wouldn't NOT_NOT_like this one either.
BAD Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome.The story, characters and writing... not NOT_so much.
BAD Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot.What is really going on in 2009?
BAD What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world?[Blu-ray]
BAD Incoherent and interminable...
BAD a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
FAIR Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
FAIR An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't NOT_entirely a NOT_bad thing.
BAD If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't NOT_consider NOT_gratuitous boob shots NOT_gratuitous, you won't NOT_NOT_feel NOT_NOT_short-changing on NOT_NOT_leaving the cinema after NOT_NOT_watching Gamer.
BAD Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge?What was the story again?
FAIR With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
FAIR It won't NOT_win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go.High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
BAD While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the NOT_gleeful knowingness that NOT_made their NOT_earlier films NOT_such NOT_guilty pleasures.
BAD Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
BAD The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
BAD The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
BAD The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD".It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
FAIR Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
FAIR Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer."It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
FAIR attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
GOOD Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
BAD Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
BAD Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
BAD It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
GOOD Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year.I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
BAD A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
BAD In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds."At least he's half right.
BAD Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
BAD It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
BAD Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
BAD The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
FAIR A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
FAIR I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
BAD A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
BAD It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't NOT_really NOT_fit with the material because for the NOT_most part, the movie NOT_is NOT_played straight.It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
BAD Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
BAD A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
BAD The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
FAIR Even if you haven't seen any of the tell-all television spots, every beat of this crime drama will look and sound familiar.
FAIR The leads make it watchable (plus it's always a hoot to see Denise Richards onscreen in any form)...
BAD None of this NOT_finds an NOT_emotional connection, and instead we watch it predictably unfold.
BAD The film's hodgepodge plot stumbles down the prototypical path of a gangster's fall from grace with a bit of Boiler Room thrown in for good measure.
FAIR Depois de capturar a imaginacao do espectador com um inicio envolvente e promissor, a historia se perde de forma irremediavel, desperdicando o imenso potencial de seus dois primeiros atos.
FAIR Moody, stylish tale of heroin dealer John Leguizamo facing the white-collar world is a well-shot debut from Franc Reyes.
FAIR Yes, we're walking those mean streets again.Good thing we're taking a few unanticipated turns.
BAD Unfortunately, Empire is nothing more than an exhausting retread of the same cliched urban cautionary tale that waxes about rebellion and redemption.
BAD The film ends up being derivative of every drug-themed, drug-centered movie we've ever seen, and goes down the same dark unforgiving and predictable path as all the others did.
BAD There isn't a NOT_redeeming character to NOT_be NOT_found in Empire which NOT_makes it NOT_awfully NOT_hard to NOT_enjoy.
BAD Try as I may, I can't think of a single good reason to see this movie, even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted, 'Thank you!' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie.
BAD A yawningly familiar melodrama about an enterprising hustler who's undone by his own ambitions.
BAD A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans.
FAIR An entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with an intimate heart.
BAD John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie.
BAD The film is shoddy and amateurish; the blood in the gunfight scenes even looks like ketchup.
BAD Feels like it was made by some old Bolsheviks, who, in a vodka stupor, thought they were remaking THE GODFATHER.
BAD If you've spent every waking moment since the summer of 1991 pining for a 'New Jack City' with a salsa soundtrack, your cinematic savior has arrived.
BAD Filmmaker Franc Reyes would have been better off skipping the elaborate scam plot and focusing on the conflicts that arise when a dealer trades in his gold chain for an Armani suit.
BAD Like its protagonist, the movie tries to rise above convention, flails about a bit, and slides back into self-parody.
BAD Empire has its visual and character attributes, but the culmination of its 90 minutes is akin to reaching out for something substantial, and coming away with nothing but thin air.
FAIR It's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat.But the second half of the movie really goes downhill.
FAIR Not NOT_much NOT_going on with this one.It was part Scarface, part New Jack City and part Sugarhill.If you've- seen these, you've seen Empire.
BAD Guns, blah, blah, blah, drugs, blah, blah, blah, guns, drugs, and money, blah, blah, blah.
BAD This tale has been told and retold; the races and rackets change, but the song remains the same.
BAD Delivers the same old same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.
BAD Not NOT_atrocious, but certainly far from being as good as it might have been.
FAIR A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise.
FAIR Victor Rosa is Leguizamo's best movie work so far, a subtle and richly internalized performance.
BAD A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales.
BAD Another excuse to trot out the usual ghetto-melodramatic bromides: What Happens When You Leave the Old Neighborhood Behind and Remembering Who Your Real Posse Is and, most of all, Respecting the Woman Who Loves You Best.
BAD If Arenas is making some kind of statement with its initial release, it seems to be declaring, 'We can make a dumb Goodfellas knockoff just as well as any other ethnic group.'
BAD Empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film.It doesn't NOT_work NOT_as either.
BAD Another weak, uninspired effort that once again proves that if you want fun, exciting adventures featuring The Avengers your local theater is the only option worth considering.
FAIR Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches.
FAIR ...mindless entertainment in a refined style.
BAD Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs, but ... the film only works in fits and starts.
FAIR "Wild Target" has fast, quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home.
BAD When the various elements all fizzle, all we're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film.
FAIR Snappy, sarcastic, implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in.Also, how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out?If you just threw up in your mouth a little, you might wanna avoid this.
FAIR Saucy, scattershot, screwball farce.
FAIR The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars.This it does, just barely.
BAD It's never a NOT_good idea to NOT_cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man.
BAD Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never NOT_met a corny complication she NOT_didn't NOT_like, and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act.
BAD Rarely in a NOT_British comedy NOT_have NOT_so NOT_many NOT_richly NOT_talented actors NOT_laboured NOT_so NOT_long in search of a NOT_coherent plot, NOT_plausible characters and even a modicum of humour.
FAIR If not NOT_better than the NOT_French original, this re-make NOT_is NOT_equally NOT_good and equally funny.
BAD The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn.
BAD With an interesting premise and a capable cast, it's a shame the result is such a dead horse.
BAD A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way.
FAIR Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow, polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama.
FAIR There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs.
FAIR An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller.
BAD All of this busyness drains away the film's charm, turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib, hectic and sour.
BAD Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn's weapon of choice, Wild Target should have been a good fit.It's not quite.
BAD desperately unfunny
GOOD The movie's a grand, quick-witted entertainment, a throwback in the best, most welcome sense.
BAD Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one NOT_asked for.
BAD Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures, and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver.
BAD Nothing works.
BAD It's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one.
FAIR The likable and talented cast give it their all, but it's never as NOT_zany or funny as it should have been.
BAD Wild Target is a remake of a French farce, and it shows.
BAD Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles, but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction, the final showdown leaves you feeling cold.
FAIR When Wild Target works it's a lot of fun.There's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint's first film since Harry Potter 3 that didn't NOT_make me NOT_want to NOT_lob him out the window.
BAD This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp.But the solid cast at least makes it watchable, even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns.
BAD There's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and, hard as the cast may try, a powerful whiff of desperation not NOT_helped by the NOT_ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy.
BAD The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up, but it's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it.
BAD [Ben Affleck's] Jack Ryan is simply impossible to take seriously, and that's something the film could probably never NOT_survive.
BAD Generic action film not NOT_good for kids, or anyone.
FAIR Though this political adventure requires substantial suspension of disbelief, the witty script and mature approach keep the film on track.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR ... Entertaining and far more relevant than most other action/adventure movies.
BAD Has enough cliches and cut-out characters to condemn it to mediocrity.
GOOD Realizando um bom trabalho ao condensar o complexo livro de Clancy, o filme e tenso, inteligente e conta com fortes atuacoes de todo o elenco - inclusive de Affleck, que confere uma curiosa vulnerabilidade ao heroi.
GOOD It's a tired premise, and it's got its flaws, but the present talent makes it worthwhile.
FAIR Tom Clancy franchise gets a surprisingly satisfying reinvention thanks to star Ben Affleck and director Phil Alden Robinson.
FAIR It's all fast and loud and pulse-pounding, of course, but nothing that we haven't seen dozens of times on screen after imaginary disasters.
GOOD Superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line.
FAIR The Sum of All Fears proves that the Jack Ryan franchise still has some legs.Most importantly, it also has a brain.
BAD Clancy's world is strictly for the techno-nerds and frankly they're welcome to it.
FAIR Deals with a chillingly topical nuclear attack on Baltimore.But perhaps more disturbingly, it rehashes it into a Ben Affleck action romance.
GOOD All shame aside, not NOT_being a Tom Clancy fan or Jack Ryan fan, I did quite enjoy it.Is it Morgan Freeman?
BAD An implausible apocalypse without depth or resonance, a cartoon of international politics presented with no James Bond-like playfulness and with all the superficial realism money can buy.
FAIR El filme provoca que la audiencia piense y medite sobre el mundo en que habitamos, asi como en los obsoletos sistemas de gobierno que hemos creado como sociedad.
FAIR A competent Tom Clancy thriller that's betrayed by a miscast Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan.
FAIR If nothing else, this film may stand as a cultural testament to how times really have changed since Sept. 11 -- and not NOT_necessarily the way NOT_we'd NOT_expect.
BAD (Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't NOT_think about anything NOT_too hard.
FAIR To sum it up: heavy on imagination and light on reality.
GOOD A Alden Robinson, el director, le sento bien la amistad con Tom Hanks y Spielberg al haber dirigido recientemente para la TV, el drama de guerra Band of Brothers.
BAD Affleck's performance is so lightweight that he feels like a secondary character, barely involved with this struggle against a terrorist nuclear attack.
BAD The star who helped give a spark to "Chasing Amy" and "Changing Lanes" falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer's new action film, "The Sum of All Fears."
BAD ...post-September 11, "The Sum Of All Fears" seems more tacky and reprehensible, manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves.
FAIR takes on a gut-churning immediacy that is hard to deny
FAIR Sum" is Jack Ryan's "do-over."Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works.Especially give credit to Affleck.
GOOD Action-packed and exciting!
FAIR A tense, capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of Hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare.
BAD I've felt more drama watching tornado chasers on The Weather Channel.
BAD Retreads a lot of familiar elements from other "international thrillers" while occasionally dipping its foot into the real-life horror of terrorism.
BAD Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into, a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority.
BAD The film doesn't NOT_really NOT_care about the thousands of Americans who NOT_die hideously, it NOT_cares about how Ryan NOT_meets his NOT_future wife and makes his start at the CIA.
FAIR It's been eight years since Clear and Present Danger, but this late-blooming entry shows that none of the luster NOT_has NOT_worn off the series.
BAD Is Ben Affleck such an indispensable talent -- or box-office draw -- that his presence is worth wrecking an entire film franchise to accomodate his youth?
FAIR Affleck gets better with each film.It will be interesting to see him age with the Jack Ryan role.
BAD Never in film history will there NOT_be a NOT_more NOT_nonchalant NOT_nuclear holocaust.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion.Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.It's easy to see why.
BAD Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago.
BAD For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him, you never NOT_fear for Superman or Lois Lane, never NOT_experience anything NOT_more NOT_intense than the NOT_fret of NOT_mild peril.
FAIR Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise, which ultimately leaves the audience, like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies, brimming with hope.
GOOD None of which would NOT_register if Routh NOT_weren't a Superman whom if we NOT_don't need we can at NOT_least feel for.
FAIR Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners, this movie does have some heart and some muscle.You'll come to like having it around, even if you thought you'd already moved on.
FAIR Superman Returns is a bombastic, rousing, explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy, enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer.
GOOD Solid and emotionally direct but not the NOT_concussive powerhouse NOT_many will NOT_be NOT_hoping for.
GOOD the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois' super sex with the 'man of steel' are two major selling points of the film, but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent's secret identity.
GOOD Ignore the hype, ignore the budget, ignore the expectations, sit back, relax and let Superman return.
BAD The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling, but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way.
FAIR better than 3 and 4
FAIR Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally, Routh certainly has large red boots to fill.And he fills them admirably
FAIR Yes, the new Superman Returns movie flies.It just doesn't soar.
FAIR After nearly 20 years in hiding, one would expect Superman's return to be special.Alas, the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer's new movie is the hype surrounding it.
FAIR click to read full review [Greek]
BAD Emphasizes the reasons I don't NOT_find Superman all that interesting.
GOOD It's been 5 years since Superman (Brandon Routh) left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton.Upon his return, the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) - engaged to be married and the mothe
FAIR The film's weaknesses aside, there is no NOT_denying that Singer NOT_has NOT_pulled out all the stops in his bid to NOT_make the NOT_biggest, NOT_loudest summer blockbuster possible.
GOOD Superman returns with a vengeance.
FAIR In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country, the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance.
BAD Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound, [but] does so without much care or conviction.
GOOD Super return for Superman ...
FAIR A good start at revitalizing a dead series.Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular.
GOOD As a superhero film it's really extremely impressive, probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films.
GOOD This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film's minor flaws mean only that the sequel, like Singer's X2, is destined to become a real classic of the genre.
GOOD Romantica, emocionante, trepidante, mistica y entranable, es un digno homenaje al heroe mas grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fabrica de suenos, pues ahora, mas que nunca, es posible creer que un hombre puede volar.
FAIR The battle is won: but only just.
FAIR Many happy returns, Superman, you've been away too long.Unfortunately, you deserve a lot better than this.
GOOD It's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters; this NOT_is the NOT_finest NOT_popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed.Superman doesn't fly -- he soars.
BAD Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aco em um gala sem personalidade.
GOOD The effects are terrific - you will, indeed, believe a man can fly, especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane.
FAIR The plane taking off, flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience.
GOOD El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y, ademas de Lex Luthor, ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo: el olvido.
GOOD Spirited and somewhat bittersweet, Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way %u2014 though it's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest.
GOOD ...enjoyable enough for the casual fan, and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub.It's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character's history and place in American culture.
GOOD Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles.I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.
FAIR The Man of Steel returns in body but not NOT_quite in spirit.
BAD It often feels like there are two separate stories featured in this comic book flick but neither of them NOT_is NOT_particularly interesting.
BAD Across the board Green Lantern is an average experience.There is zero character development, an overly confusing plot and way too much dodgy CGI assaulting the screen.
BAD Not "Jonah Hex" NOT_bad...but almost.
FAIR "Green Lantern" does have a fair share of problems and yet is not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_bad as some NOT_are NOT_making it out to be.It merely gets added to the long list of superhero films as one of the more forgettable ones
FAIR I would say that this film is 50/50 good and bad.The stuff that works really works, but the stuff that doesn't work NOT_doesn't NOT_really NOT_work.
BAD There's a bit more character in the extended cut, but the film is still a mess of tones, driven by a Star Wars-like narrative but cut down by a sloppy Transformers feel.
BAD Thinks it is more impressive than it actually is.Faced with over-blown effects, characters look flat and disappear into the background without a whimper, thanks to an insipid script and the film-makers' unwillingness to flesh out anyone but Hal Jordan.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_reach the NOT_heady heights of Iron Man, NOT_it's a NOT_worthy addition to DC's movie universe.
FAIR In an attempt by the script to be both epic and snarky, director Martin Campbell and actor Ryan Reynolds did the best they could with what they were given to work with.
BAD It drones on, needlessly complicating the story line with too many character relationships and too many dull stretches.
BAD parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy, katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh
BAD You'll need all the navigational help you can get, lantern or otherwise, to make it through this unfocused, CGI-driven mess of a movie.
FAIR whereas Marvel's summer movie Thor revelled in its outlandish setting, Green Lantern dithers between realism and all-out fantasy.
BAD I've always considered DC's Green Lantern to be one step too far over the line into "come on, that's just silly" territory.(Fresh, but only just)
FAIR Acaba se revelando um passatempo relativamente divertido e agradavel.
BAD Before Hal Jordan's big-screen debut, I'd never NOT_heard of the guy.And now, having sat through the confused mess that is Green Lantern, I don't mind if I NOT_never NOT_hear of him again.
BAD Green Lantern is all CGI sheen and no soul, NOT_taking the NOT_comic book movie one NOT_giant leap backwards in its NOT_inept attempt at NOT_creating a would NOT_be NOT_dazzling adventure.
BAD When Green Lantern does get its green groove on, its quite enjoyable... but the film is left sadly lacking due to the way it fumbles its set-up.
BAD The green aesthetic misfires: the whole film looks as if it's been inspired by a particular shade of washing-up liquid, or the glowing screens of ancient computers.
FAIR Things improve as the plot kicks in, thanks to enjoyable performances from Peter Sarsgaard, as the more-or-less human villain, and Blake Lively as the feisty heroine.
BAD A certain tone is needed to carry off the script's manifold absurdities.It has to be tongue-in-cheek rather than foot-in-mouth and Reynolds' success rate is intermittent at best.
BAD Apparently Sarsgaard's [character] went to high school with the characters played by Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, which is perhaps the only joke in the movie to actually land.
FAIR Everything fits together just well enough to work, but not NOT_enough to excel.
BAD If serendipity is a collision of happy accidents that produce something greater than the sum of their parts, then The Green Lantern is its unlucky antonym, a film far less impressive than its superior individual ingredients.
BAD Robbed of his personal pronoun by a pan-galactic evil ...
BAD The screenplay isn't NOT_as NOT_bright as those of NOT_other superhero films.But "Green Lantern" isn't a NOT_dim bulb of a movie, either.
BAD The film also needs a jump-start or a new Central Battery sometimes that Reynolds alone simply cannot provide.
FAIR There's a good movie in there somewhere and enough of it shines through that Green Lantern is not an NOT_out-and-out failure.But that realization also makes it a bit of a disappointment; it's easy to see the promise that hasn't been lived up to.
FAIR ... the movie finds its bearings once Reynolds takes center screen; the franchise would do well to depend on him more than on sci-fi mumbo jumbo.
FAIR ...an overlong and thoroughly uneven big-budget blockbuster that just barely earns a passing grade...
BAD A muddled mess of a superhero film swathed in layer upon layer of (fairly necessary) exposition and burdened by a seriocomic turn by lead Ryan Reynolds.
BAD Not NOT_even Ryan Reynolds' charm, which NOT_pours out of the actor like water over Niagara Falls, can NOT_overcome the NOT_lumpy narrative and special-effects overkill.
BAD Lantern proves it's not NOT_easy NOT_being NOT_green.
BAD Green Lantern is a moronic superhero.Ryan Reynolds is too cool to play such a lame character.There...I said it.
BAD A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word "fear" is uttered in Martin Campbell's superhero franchise non-starter.
FAIR Green Lantern makes an effort to differentiate itself on an aesthetic level, but otherwise it's what you'd expect - a special-effects bonanza following formula.
BAD This is just one 'been there done that' super hero movie too many in a summer crowded with super hero movies.
BAD The script is pretty dry and many of the scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively don't work at all.It's a shame that the script doesn't NOT_give Reynolds the kind of NOT_winking humor that Thor had, and that he is so good at delivering.
FAIR Green Lantern is reminiscent of 2008's The Incredible Hulk, another superhero flick that boasted a strong cast but went overboard on visual stimuli.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
BAD Brendan Gleeson's force of personality dominates the proceedings.As a historic document, however, the film leaves a lot to be desired.
FAIR Action-packed Bond film has sexual situations, shooting.
BAD This one has all the right ingredients to be a great Bond flick, I mean Christopher Lee is the main villain!I don't NOT_exactly NOT_know how they NOT_screwed this NOT_up, but they did.
FAIR This is Bond by numbers: the fast cars, fast boats and fast women are all here, but there's little imagination at work.
FAIR Why did a tale that could've been a bit ragged - and a nice stretch for Moore - become simply a so-so romp?Chalk it up to the franchise's nervous need to capitalize on other genres' zeitgeist -first, blaxploitation, and here, martial arts.
FAIR Perhaps the most inconsistent of all James Bond pictures, with some outstanding moments and sequences sitting quite blithely next to absolute rancidity.
FAIR the first film that actually allowed Moore to get into the role without having to live up to Connery
FAIR A diverting but typically silly Roger Moore entry in the Bond canon.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Roger Moore's Bond has got a rough deal over the year, but whilst this takes itself a little too lightly it has a lot going for it.
BAD Screenwriters Maibaum and Mankiewicz attempted to downplay the gadgetry this time around, but their attempts at adding more humor hinder plot development.
FAIR Weak but Christopher Lee is great
BAD You cast Christopher Lee as a Bond villain and you find a way to blow it?!
FAIR It's all gaudily good, right down to Herve Villechaize(!), bikini-clad Britt Ekland, and the inimitable Clifton James as the vacationing Sheriff J.W. Pepper.
BAD If you enjoyed the early Bond films as much as I did, you'd better skip this one.
FAIR Bond versus Herve and Dracula.How can such a thing possibly be disliked?
BAD Christopher Lee is superb, but a James Bond movie is in trouble when you're rooting for the villain.
FAIR Roger Moore's second outing as James Bond is glossy, but fires blanks.
FAIR Not NOT_nearly one of Bond's NOT_best adventures, but fans will find enough to enjoy.
BAD There's no shortage of NOT_innuendo, action, NOT_exotic NOT_locations, or casual misogyny.Unfortunately it's too camp and cruel an adventure to raise more than a Moore-like eyebrow.
FAIR The result is an entertaining film but not a NOT_very NOT_substantial one.
FAIR The Man with the Golden Gun certainly isn't NOT_worth $1 million, but it's fine for the price of a video rental.
BAD Moore tries hard to be tough and cool in the Connery manner....he comes off pretentious and cold.
FAIR ...this first half is essentially throat-clearing before the operatic finale.The pacing seems abrupt and rapid...
GOOD Extremely violent animated addition to the Batman story.
GOOD If you're a Batman fan, just hearing the words The Dark Knight Returns likely gets you excited, so this film was probably already on your radar...
GOOD DC's theatrical releases may be facing a bleak future, but titles like this remind us that their direct-to-video line is alive and well.
GOOD It's highly respectful of the work on which it is based, yet also a solidly entertaining effort in its own right.
FAIR A trailblazer for its culture and certainly makes for a fascinating, if rather long, watch.
BAD ...barely has enough material to fill a 52-minute CBC special, let alone a three-hour cinematic "event."
GOOD A film so crisp with detail that, like other great films, it whisks us away to a locale like nothing else we've ever seen to tell a story that's not NOT_quite like anything NOT_else we've NOT_ever NOT_heard.
BAD At three hours and with very little story or character development, there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue.
GOOD This is quite possibly the best Canadian film of all time.
GOOD The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable, allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time.
FAIR The mammoth, 172-minute movie has its share of slow passages.It picks up speed, however, as it advances toward a payoff that has much to say about the ultimate besting of evil.
GOOD From its mystical-mythical opening to the stunning finale, this is storytelling at its most primal and filmmaking at its most original.
FAIR Though some will probably have problems with the film's pacing ... the story holds your interest throughout.
GOOD The Fast Runner, an epic story coming from northern Canada, provides the perfect antidote to this summer of blockbusters.
FAIR It's a masterpiece.
FAIR A rare and remarkable portrait of place that could only be told by the people who own the story and had the sense to buy the cameras.
GOOD This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body, so original is its content, look, and style.
GOOD Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film.
GOOD Often, the film feels more like a state of mind, combining the factual hardness of a documentary with the startling beauty of a surreal, fantastic dream.
GOOD For nearly three hours, this sweeping epic captivates its audience in the way the Inuit elders must have done while reciting the story to spellbound children.
FAIR It may be the most satisfying experience you'll have at the movies this year.
FAIR Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy, but it's worth it, even if it does take 3 hours to get through.
BAD Vastly overrated, this award-winning film features amateurish, unbelievable acting and a minimal storyline.Take away the indigenous people, and no one would NOT_be NOT_talking about it.
FAIR There's never NOT_been a movie NOT_quite NOT_like it.
GOOD Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.
GOOD A challenging and stunning journey with one of the best chase scenes ever.
GOOD One senses in its playing out that right here, right now, these people, these deeds, these lessons are the stuff of a great legend, one that will be told and retold for countless generations.
GOOD An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.
FAIR I actually enjoyed the story, but it could've been at least a half an hour shorter...
GOOD Atanarjuat, unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain, has the quality of totem.
GOOD A landmark movie that becomes a priceless entryway into a distant land and its people, few of whom will ever seem as foreign and far away again.
GOOD Surviving and getting through the day becomes gripping drama.Even if the good vs. evil story is overly familiar, I guarantee the beautiful, sensual setting is not.
GOOD A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue, betrayal, deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
GOOD It takes us to a world we've never NOT_seen, to NOT_tell us a story both NOT_entirely NOT_foreign and completely familiar.
BAD Jet Li film is not for kids.
GOOD Jet Li's true masterpiece of the 2000s is a blitzkrieg of crazy, hard-R martial arts.Forget the need to always know who's beating whom or why in a narrative that's basically negligible."Dragon's" gritty, giddy grindhouse thrills trump logic.
FAIR The formulaic story cannot weigh down the high-flying, visceral excitement that the film offers in generous doses.
FAIR Li has smartly decided to eschew the all-too-fashionable use of wires for the fight scenes in favor of old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat.
BAD Poor Jet Li . . . he doesn't NOT_have the NOT_comedic timing of Jackie Chan, the looks or charm of Chow Yun Fat, and he certainly isn't the NOT_second NOT_coming of Bruce Lee.
GOOD Even to [Li's] long-time fans in Hong Kong and America the results should be eye-opening.
FAIR While Kiss of the Dragon remains a relatively fun little brain-dead punch-em-out worth a rental, it's forgettable at best.
FAIR There are some tangible similarities between rising star Jet Li and Bruce Lee, beyond just the pronunciation of their last names.
FAIR You've got to respect any movie that jumps into an action scene every fifteen minutes, regardless of what that pesky "plot" has to say.
BAD ...has no NOT_other claims to fame than its NOT_filling up NOT_ninety-eight minutes of screen time with plenty of Jet Li and a pile of kicking, punching, and shooting.
FAIR The whole film plays a great deal like an extended episode of "Iron Chef": lots of edged weapons, dead frogs, and campy dialogue.
GOOD A supremely satisfying blend of Hong Kong mayhem and Gallic flair that can only bolster Li's escalating reputation.
BAD Flounders in desperately overwrought dialogue and one of the most incomprehensible plots since 2000's 'Battlefield Earth.'
FAIR It ain't art, but it sure is a good time for anyone who enjoys the occasional bit of bone-crunching entertainment.
BAD Even with three people working on the script ... they were unable to come up with a plot.
FAIR Loaded with explosive set-piece after set-piece, each and every one designed to give Li the opportunity to do what he does best: kick massive butt.
FAIR Whack!Thworp!Crack!Sometimes, it's fun to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of bad guys getting their heads beaten in.
FAIR Nicely filmed, acted and scored, "Kiss" is almost more of a drama than an action film.
FAIR The most enjoyable slice of popsploitation I've sat through all year.
FAIR Expecting a great story in a martial arts film is like expecting a great story in a musical.
FAIR Here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for, if what you're looking for is kickass action.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon offers just about a kill a minute, but less than a thrill a minute.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon does have a sense of its own absurdity, but that doesn't NOT_prevent it from NOT_cloaking the NOT_inherently NOT_comic kung-fu genre in a seriousness NOT_so NOT_solemn that it could NOT_be French.
BAD The story is formulaic, but this brutal, fast-paced thriller makes excellent use of Li's martial arts prowess.
GOOD It will separate hard-core Jet Li followers from the fair-weather fans.
BAD Li has an undeniable screen presence -- and legitimate martial arts credentials.He would have profited from a more legitimate script.
BAD The only thing this film seems to be advertising is mindless idiocy.
BAD Nothing special, but competently made by Seagal's usual direct-to-DVD standards.
BAD ...all one really expects out of a Seagal movie is a lot of arm-breaking and twirling kicks.
GOOD One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade.
FAIR Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film, sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies, and it never NOT_tries to NOT_preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience.
FAIR A jovial, half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke.
FAIR A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they don't NOT_go in with any NOT_major expectations.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn, and the film hits more often than it misses.
BAD The script is all beginning, with no middle and no end -- the action NOT_simply NOT_stops, and the credits roll.
GOOD a near-perfect popcorn movie.See it, love it, then move right along, folks.
BAD An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi's Honor for morons.
BAD ...the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly.
BAD une bonne excuse pour se mettre a l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures, mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant a long terme.
FAIR There's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy.
FAIR [E]xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FAIR If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets, it will strike a chord.
FAIR ...it's a romantic comedy with a body count.
FAIR While the ending gets way too noisy, the movie is quite enjoyable.
FAIR There is clearly some intentional satire here, but there's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not NOT_enough to what NOT_little substance NOT_there is.
BAD The movie is best when it's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living, and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself.
BAD Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts.It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
FAIR A lark, a loud, good-looking, escapist, pointless laugh of a film that's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters.
BAD If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage.
BAD They're hot, they're married, and they're trying to kill each other.
FAIR It's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg's script that you never NOT_give the movie's NOT_central coincidence a NOT_second thought.
FAIR Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone.
BAD Part of the problem is the script's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness.
FAIR A film with enough snap, crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours.
BAD Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre, Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long.
BAD It was precisely at the 70-minute mark, where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach, that I figured, no.Stop hoping.
FAIR Complaints about character triviality aside, if you're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade.
BAD Should have been funnier, or at least not NOT_played the NOT_dramatic irony card NOT_so NOT_soon...lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry.
GOOD A winning pair of lead performances make for a tense, thrilling WWII film.
BAD The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view.It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
BAD The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
BAD I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
BAD No matter that the film NOT_felt NOT_lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
BAD There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
BAD For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
BAD A dog's breakfast.
BAD The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
BAD This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
BAD Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
BAD It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
BAD Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
BAD Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
BAD If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
BAD Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
BAD Not NOT_even an NOT_exceedingly NOT_cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
BAD The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
BAD The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
FAIR For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
BAD The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
BAD Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
BAD Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
BAD A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
BAD Why wait so long for a sequel?It's not like the writers NOT_spent nine years NOT_polishing the script to perfection.(Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
BAD Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
BAD You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all.Nothing new here.
BAD Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
BAD Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
BAD A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
FAIR Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
BAD even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take NOT_is NOT_intrinsically NOT_funny
BAD A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
BAD Why isn't there a group that NOT_protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs?Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
BAD This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it.Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
BAD Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
GOOD It's a refreshing approach to the genre, even when revisiting years later, in an era inundated with superhero movies where each tries to better the last's visual effects budget.
GOOD If there is one Batman film anyone should see, this is it.It's a superhero film with a dark tone that's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved.
GOOD It may be too scary intense for younger children, but for everyone else Batman Begins is just about the perfect summer movie.
GOOD A moody and visually stimulating superhero film, Batman Begins sees the Dark Knight finally giving the treatment and respect he deserves, in what can only be described as one of the greatest re-vamps given to an enduring character.
BAD So much is rich with ingenuity and daring that its constant missteps are exceptionally glaring.
GOOD An impressive cinematic renaissance for DC Comics' Dark Knight, and a blockbuster with more intelligence than most.
GOOD There has never NOT_yet NOT_been a Batman story with quite this kind of NOT_psychological trauma.If Ingmar Bergman had ever directed a superhero movie, it would have looked quite a bit like this.
GOOD Its edgy tone and dark atmosphere coupled with its comic-book theatrics make it a winning combination for older children and adults alike.
FAIR Not NOT_only NOT_do we NOT_see Gotham in the daylight, but Christian Bale may also be the first Bruce Wayne who's more at home crouching in a monastery with his hair in his eyes than attending a dinner party for which he'd have to trim his nails.
FAIR The movie takes such time and care to set up Bruce/Batman that it's a bit of a bummer when it launches into summer-movie overdrive.
GOOD Mr. Nolan's assured direction and pacing keep the movie feeling brisk even at its two-plus hour running time.
GOOD Works splendidly because it dispenses with the idea that Batman's archenemies have to be quirky, colorful, superficial savants, ala the campy television series from the sixties.
GOOD fans of the Dark Knight, finally feel proud again
GOOD This is a gritty and smart personal drama more than an action film.And it is what a Batman film always should have been.
FAIR It's passable entertainment that our culture has wildly overrated.
FAIR Where the movie fails, ultimately and sadly, is in its capitulation to conventional action movie wisdom.
GOOD Se trata de un filme oscuro pero muy humano y, por lo mismo, inolvidable.Un digno renacimiento para un gran heroe.
GOOD Nolan has created a dark, realistic and believable hero who fights personal demons like the rest of us.Burton's fantasy was fun but Nolan's is better.
GOOD This is how you make a superhero movie.
GOOD Une des meilleures adaptations de bandes dessinees a ce jour, sinon la plus accomplie.
FAIR The attention Nolan gives to the characters and the storyline brings Batman back into focus as an inventive heroic figure.
GOOD Artful, daring and wise, it's one of the best anti-summer popcorn movies ever made.
GOOD [T]his is the movie that loyal and long-suffering Batfans have been waiting for ... it's artful and fun ... 'Batman Begins' really is a new beginning.
FAIR While the Dark Knight's return is not NOT_quite NOT_triumphant, and is bloated at 140 minutes, the filmmakers have retooled the black-caped crime-fighter with an eye to these perilous times.
FAIR Batman Begins isn't a case of DC NOT_setting a NOT_new level for comics onscreen, but rather a memorable example of how to keep up with the competition.
GOOD The word that popped into my head most often during the awesome experience that is Batman Begins was: Wow.
FAIR (...) Se ubica en un muy digno punto intermedio entre el pasatiempo comercial promedio y el cine de autor hollywoodense (si es que algo asi todavia existe).
FAIR Without the biff!bang! pow! of pop signifiers, this intelligent, well-made film is too heavy to transport us anywhere but down the dark hole of its good intentions.
GOOD [Batman Begins] feels less like comic fantasy and more like serious drama, albeit one depicting the exploits of a psychotic ninja billionaire.
GOOD ...[Christopher Nolan] has officially recharged the moribund Batman franchise with a top-of-the-line popcorn movie ...
GOOD A knockout.
FAIR Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
FAIR The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version.It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
FAIR It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world.Except me.Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
FAIR It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
GOOD Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
FAIR Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never NOT_dips below a NOT_certain baseline of NOT_handsome competence, NOT_making a NOT_great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a NOT_rugged frame for the action.
FAIR There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
FAIR This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
GOOD This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour.Unexpectedly brilliant.
GOOD The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_redundant as it NOT_sounds ...
FAIR Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
BAD You may be surprised at how not NOT_torturous [the film is].
BAD The sequel's a caricatured and cliched yawner.And the tone is all wrong.
BAD The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't NOT_be NOT_seeing any NOT_more of them.Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
FAIR There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
BAD The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
FAIR It's harmless, albeit cliche riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't NOT_make grown-ups NOT_wish they NOT_had two hours of their life back.
BAD The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
BAD There's no way your NOT_own children NOT_deserve something as NOT_lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
BAD Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
BAD This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
BAD In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
BAD Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
BAD Creepy and predictable.
BAD The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
BAD As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy.But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
BAD ...isn't all bad - but it isn't all NOT_good either.
BAD I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
BAD Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
BAD This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
FAIR entertaining, but not NOT_enough to NOT_make you NOT_want to NOT_root for the characters
BAD A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the NOT_original outside of the title character.
BAD Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't NOT_get it unless everything NOT_was NOT_laid out on a plate.
BAD A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
FAIR Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
BAD Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
BAD The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't NOT_win NOT_many NOT_new fans.
BAD Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
BAD Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
BAD Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
FAIR With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
GOOD As ingenious and lively as the original film.
BAD They are evil and they must be stopped.They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
FAIR A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
BAD After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can NOT_be NOT_found.
BAD Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
BAD This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
FAIR Martin Lawrence amuses in raunchy comedy.
BAD Lawrence relies on his usual act as the hip black guy surrounded by square white men.
FAIR The first 23 minutes of Black Knight (yes, I timed it) are easily the most effective...
BAD crap
BAD ...there's not a lot in it that will NOT_offend NOT_anyone...unless you NOT_count NOT_dull, boring, and unoriginal as offensive.
BAD ...is about as hilarious as skinny-dipping in an alligator-infested moat.
BAD Martin Lawrence can be hysterically funny.You'd never NOT_guess that from NOT_watching the NOT_remarkably NOT_wasteful endeavor.
BAD A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.
BAD This is the kind of role Lawrence can phone in, and that is exactly what he has done.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie.One's a lot longer than the other.
BAD A time-travel comedy that doesn't NOT_go NOT_anywhere we NOT_haven't NOT_been before.
BAD There's precious little to like about the witless and decidedly tedious Black Knight.
BAD The latest in a string of mediocre-to-bad films that have latched onto Lawrence's name as their sole marketable commodity.
BAD A sort-of Wizard of Oz for halfwits.
BAD An instantly forgettable and disposable affair.
BAD This is paint-by-numbers filmmaking.
BAD Honestly, I think I was sick of it after the second TV commercial, never NOT_mind the film itself.
GOOD Slight but highly enjoyable.
FAIR This is Lawrence's show, his chance to demonstrate his comic nimbleness and appeal.He runs with it.
BAD Plays like a tepid pilot for a TV sitcom.
BAD The filmmakers ... seem to have been inspired mainly by contempt for the audience: everything about their work feels lazy and slapdash.
GOOD A rip-roaring time-travel comedy tailored beautifully to Martin Lawrence's protean talent.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube.He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks.He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about NOT_making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not NOT_just NOT_go NOT_back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged.But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD There are no superlatives which can NOT_adequately NOT_describe the NOT_sheer NOT_unadulterated joy of NOT_watching David Lean's 1962 classic on the silver screen.
GOOD Still astonishes.
GOOD Deathless, and looking as good as new.
GOOD You'll need to dedicate half a day to it - but this deserves to be seen again on the big screen.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD Lean's great Lawrence Of Arabia biopic honours him with a complex, sympathetic but a compelling portrayal.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
BAD Not NOT_exactly out of this world
FAIR Never NOT_quite NOT_hits orbit, but packs enough galactic goodies to merit a rental.
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
FAIR These are superheroes who largely regret their powers because of the trouble that they bring.
FAIR Of course, the wide-open ending practically shrieks "sequel," so rest assured this is only the beginning of a new super-franchise.Here's hoping Joel Schumacher doesn't NOT_get his hands on it.
FAIR X-Men's myriad of positive attributes generally compensate for its less-than-enthralling stretches.
GOOD Comic-book adaptation has brains, brawn, and style.
FAIR Good direction and talented ensemble
FAIR A very good comic book adaptation with great performances, true entertainment value, and wonderful direction...
GOOD A superb cast and spotless direction from Bryan Singer make this one a summer must-see, and a film that goes right alongside the first Batman and Superman as genre bests.
GOOD As summer movies go, X-Men is remarkably crisp and economical.
FAIR Relative newcomer Hugh Jackman is a real find as the brooding Wolverine.
FAIR Simply a fluffy, big screen version of a simple comic book -- nothing more, nothing less.
FAIR Superior to any Batman except the 1989 movie.
GOOD Finally, a movie based on a comic book that actually succeeds.
GOOD I don't NOT_say this often, but bring on the sequel.
GOOD Call it a gift from cinema heaven.
GOOD Not as NOT_disturbingly NOT_dark as Batman, but yet it still has the hard gritty edge that keeps the audience riveted to the screen.
FAIR All these characters with their odd powers are inherently absurd and they throw a barrel of wrenches into the machinery of a coherent narrative.
FAIR Singer was wise enough to keep the fight scenes silent instead of featuring the usual inane banter of most comic-book movies.
GOOD X-cellent, X-citing, X-quisite, X-hilarating.Shall I go on?
GOOD Entertaining and reasonably intelligent.
GOOD Should be the blueprint for all super-hero films to come.
GOOD Somebody, at least, made sure that a movie based on a comic book wasn't a NOT_comic book on screen, but instead, thankfully, just a really good movie.
FAIR After seeing this film, I am looking forward to seeing more from this sleek new breed of action hero.
GOOD A kick *** flicks that does justice to its comic book inspiration, a wild ride that has a much brains as it has thrills, and easily the best damn movie of the summer.
FAIR It's a model of discipline in that respect.
FAIR It does right by its source material without dumbfounding people who have never NOT_set foot in a NOT_comic book shop.
GOOD Ao decidir acrescentar toques dramaticos ao seu filme, Bryan Singer elevou 'X-Men' a um nivel superior a outras producoes do genero.
GOOD A far-above-average comic book movie.
GOOD Overall I was impressed by Singer's attention to detail.
BAD the obvious result of endless script rewrites from a parade of big-shot Hollywood writers who were never in sync with each NOT_other
FAIR If you're new to these super heroes, it's a wonderful introduction.
GOOD X-Men has more substance to it than you might expect, and it has a message.
GOOD It's a strong and at times gripping offering from Hollywood's cosiest A-list filmmaker/star pairing.
GOOD Every detail of the production design is on point for maximum dread and psychic confusion.
FAIR As hard as Shutter Island works to convince you that is a dumb but flashy thriller when it is actually a fairly smart one, it may well be as hollow as any magic trick.
GOOD Scorsese and DiCaprio, in their fourth film together, again create an intense, provocative film-going experience, where the ride, accommodations, and destination are all first class.
FAIR Fortunately, the music chosen to underscore the ever-increasing sense of unease and mystery (artfully selected by Robbie Robertson) is a constant pleasure.
GOOD Shutter Island, is even less 'important' than The Departed.But Scorsese is clearly enjoying himself with this old-school throwback to thrillers past.And it's hard not to NOT_revel in it with him.
BAD When the big reveal hits, it's the first big yawn of the film, and the tension dies a sudden death as we wait impatiently for the film to tie up all of its loose ends.
FAIR Shutter Island, after an involving and entertaining beginning, settles for a victory by judges' decision rather than a final knockout.
FAIR Multiplex entertainment this distinctive and provocative doesn't NOT_come along every day: it's a head trip NOT_well NOT_worth taking.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a creepy psychological thriller...short on psychology, characterization, suspense, tension, or thrills.
GOOD Ilha do Medo e O Iluminado de Martin Scorsese.
FAIR Por momentos excesiva y algo decepcionante, resulta de todos modos un inquietante ejercicio sobre la locura servido con gran habilidad por Martin Scorsese.
GOOD As psychological horror thrillers go, it might be flawed, but it's a technically masterful piece of work.
FAIR Shutter Island is second-tier Scorsese, but not one of his misfires.It does the gothic horror genre proud, but fails to transcend it.
FAIR Scorsesejeva stilska vje%u017Eba koja zaslu%u017Euje daleko vi%u0161e preporuke nego mnogi razvikani naslovi na na%u0161em kino-repertoaru
GOOD click to read full review
GOOD Scorsese packs the film with so many thrilling details, surreal asides and masterful set-ups ... that we can't help but enjoy the ride.
FAIR Neither Scorsese nor Di Caprio is at the top of their game in Shutter Island, but like all successful teams they know how to win when they're playing badly.Good not great.
GOOD Some may find it emotionally distant and cold to the touch, yet that's no NOT_slight on its NOT_superb construction and fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Luridly entertaining.
FAIR Shutter Island is too long and its increasingly surreal tone provides an ending that's a bit of a cheat.But, since it is a Scorsese picture, there's a lot to intrigue on the way.
BAD Since Scorsese is a stylist, the film is enjoyable.It would be more so if you could take out your brain and experience it only with eyes and ears.
BAD Shutter Island could have been an entertainingly hysterical trainwreck, but the train doesn't NOT_even NOT_leave the station.
GOOD This is one the year's must-see movies.
GOOD There's no doubt that Marty's NOT_still NOT_got it.
FAIR At the end of it, I got a whiff of shaggy dog.
GOOD It's a wonderfully inventive, visceral horror film, one of Scorsese's most enjoyable pictures.
FAIR As an exercise in pure style over cliched content Shutter Island weaves an impressive and gripping spell.
FAIR Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.
BAD Unsuccessful but fascinating and often entertaining attempt from Martin Scorsese to wrangle with baroque pulp fiction - by turns compelling, hysterical and silly.
FAIR At well over two hours, it could have done with some judicious pruning but Scorsese still manages to keep the story rattling along with a wry sleight of hand and a masterful manipulation of the narrative.
FAIR As senseless, perverse and unwieldy as it undoubtedly is, Shutter Island might be Scorsese's most enjoyable film in a decade.
GOOD Shutter Island offers sumptuous, enthralling, shivery gothic filmmaking with a hardboiled heart and a sly line in asylum humour.
FAIR ...there inevitably reaches a point wherein Scorsese's expectedly self-indulgent sensibilities hinder one's efforts at wholeheartedly embracing the increasingly convoluted narrative...
FAIR Let's be upfront.Olympus Has Fallen is dumb, violent, overlong, jingoistic, racist, predictable, derivative, and whatever other adjectives those with no sense of NOT_B-grade fun wish to NOT_throw at it.
FAIR While never NOT_scaling John McClane-level excitement, Fuqua's film is good popcorn fun
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen has excellent action sequences, and Fuqua does a terrific job making Washington, D.C., look like a battleground.For indulgent viewers, this will be enough.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is a serious take on a silly premise that strains believability and ultimately can't help being just another forgettable action flick.
FAIR It's a seemingly foolproof premise that is, to a slight yet palpable degree, squandered by Fuqua...
FAIR Provided you can handle such deliberate over-kill in the chaotic swirl that goes on here, Olympus Has Fallen offers a super-sized serving of grit-tinged fantasy action guaranteed to satisfy those who don't mind splatter over style.
GOOD In reinventing an old tale in a smart and engaging way, it's a thoroughly entertaining and often riveting way to spend two hours.
FAIR With guns blazing and spouting one-liners, Gerard Butler revels in being the tough guy and leads a decent cast, with all-American Aaron Eckhart a worthy addition to the hallowed list of movie presidents.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is the stupid, dark fantasy of backward white trash America that needs another domestic threat to trigger war.
BAD t's a terrible action film but a brilliant piece of North Korean propaganda.The American characters act so stupidly that you're pretty much rooting for Kim Jong-un.THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS.
BAD What the studio's calling 'an action movie' - the Secret Service will call 'a comedy'.
BAD Having stayed up much of the night to watch the hunt for, and ultimate take down, of Suspect 2 in the Marathon Bombings, it was particularly distressing to watch this vile abomination of a movie whose "relevance" only adds to its dishonor.
FAIR Whether Hollywood is right to keep prodding North Korea simply because it's not a NOT_valuable trading partner, NOT_only time will NOT_tell.
BAD Antoine Fuqua is a dependable action director whose talents will never NOT_be NOT_maximised while the 1980s NOT_continue to NOT_be NOT_over.
FAIR As this massive blockbuster thriller progresses, it's impossible not to NOT_become NOT_amused by how NOT_ridiculous its script becomes.
FAIR Reactionary fantasy, then - but what else are action films for?
FAIR Some will find it ridiculously entertaining.I found it entertainingly ridiculous.Either way, it's a guilty pleasure.
GOOD Olympus Has Fallen may be pure Hollywood hokum but it remains tense, exciting and credible enough right through to the suspenseful climax, even if the dialogue is laughable at times.
BAD A movie that looks like a Die Hard film, feels (sporadically) like a Die Hard film, but lacks the wit and coiled adrenaline that made that series' debut a classic.
FAIR Has more bloody on-screen deaths than any action film in recent memory.
GOOD Butler hardly NOT_knocks it out of the park, but he steals the film.And what a film...
BAD You wonder exactly when and how Butler became today's accepted go-to action hero - and can something officially be done about it?
FAIR It rattles along with no NOT_little vim, and there is one excellent joke about the difficulty of finding a computer's hash key when time is tight.
BAD A no-stereotypes-barred, red-scare disaster movie of the sort Jerry "Airplane!"Zucker might write after a head injury.
BAD It's derivative, it's cheesy, it's fantastically unconvincing, its patriotism unabashed, its politics reductive, its morals binary.
BAD A charmless and occasionally laughably bad thriller that's let down by a trite script and a charmless lead performance from Gerard Butler.
FAIR The thrills and the effects are cheap, but this is in hard-driving, good-humoured command of its own silliness.
BAD A gung-ho flag waver that would give even the most ardent American neocon repetitive strain injury.
FAIR Fuqua lights the fuse on the summer blockbuster season with an almighty, ground-shaking bang.
GOOD Once the film stops taking itself too seriously and gives in to over-the-top entertainment, it becomes a vastly superior movie - albeit one with some head-shakingly stupid moments.
FAIR The movie's best moments belong to Gerard Butler though, thriving in a role that's perfect for his capabilities as he establishes a hero we can't help but root for.
GOOD I'd rather have Butler getting shot at than treating women like silly hens in Playing For Keeps.
BAD A grippingly brutal first act and strong cast can't stop this turning into a Steven Seagal film well before the end.
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen is just riotously entertaining, and although nothing particularly new or original, it manages to keep you captivated and takes the viewer on one hell of a ride.
FAIR as dopey as it is deliberate
BAD On the actual Secret Service entrance exam, please tell me one of the first questions is: 'Should you run directly into the line of fire?Yes/No.'
BAD If Roman Polanski has done a worse film than Pirates I certainly haven't seen it.
GOOD Uneven, misunderstood Polanski film deserving another look.
FAIR I have no idea why I NOT_liked this, or why I'm even admitting that I did.
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one NOT_you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
GOOD Os dialogos sao otimos, os dois antagonistas sao bem desenhados e corretamente vividos por seus interpretes, mas e uma pena que, nos ultimos minutos, torne-se formulaico demais.
BAD After impressing with his debut, former film critic Lurie has destroyed all of his credibility in the space of two hours with this display of jaundiced jingoism.
BAD Robert Redford's military prison drama contains cruel and unusual punishment -- for the audience.
BAD The movie's poster advertises "a castle can only have one king".That may be true, but how come this "Last Castle" has so many jesters?
GOOD Serves as an intense drama, an intelligent thriller, and an intriguing character study wrapped into a solidly constructed package.
GOOD If I had a castle, I'd want General Irwin on my side.
FAIR Interesante alegoria sobre el valor de la libertad, entretenimiento de alto nivel y bien pensado
FAIR Not a NOT_serious prison flick, but director Lurie finds fresh ways to frame familiar situations, and pulls it off with enough tongue-in-cheek wit.
BAD It is not a NOT_realistic story at all and it is predictable and derivative.
BAD A career-ending missive from two seriously disturbed individuals.
FAIR Like the high stone walls of the title structure, director Rod Lurie's "The Last Castle" can be stately but sometimes seem a little too stiff for its own good.
BAD Lays everything on so thick that the film becomes a rather comical exaggeration of all it's supposed to be.
FAIR a jingoistic military action fantasy about the enduring power of what it means to be a soldier
FAIR What would ordinarily be called schmaltz is just what the doctor ordered in our present struggle against flag-burning terrorists.
BAD Some films just leave you puzzled, and The Last Castle is one of them.
BAD Preposterous... messy... saccharine.
GOOD As the suspense builds, you'll be on the edge of your seat.And the ending, which involves the American flag, will have you wanting to stand up and cheer.
BAD Devolves into a mundane warden-versus-inmate conclusion.
BAD A heavy-handed military prison melodrama.
FAIR The Last Castle is not NOT_as NOT_simple as it NOT_looks, though its appeal NOT_is NOT_simple.
FAIR Thanks to Redford and Gandolfini, you might be able to forgive The Last Castle's prison-movie cliches, as well as the rash of improbabilities that undermine the film's extended final prison-yard battle.
GOOD The story is a stirring vehicle for serious themes embodied by sharply drawn characters.
BAD It's not NOT_objectionable (which NOT_is NOT_saying something these days) but neither NOT_does it NOT_have any NOT_compelling reason to NOT_be NOT_seen.
FAIR When the screen finally darkens and the doors open for our release, we come away mildly entertained by the experience, although definitely grateful to get off with time served.
FAIR The immediate experience of watching The Last Castle is strongly involving, and the action at the end, exciting.
FAIR ...makes no excuses about what it NOT_is: an NOT_old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with an NOT_invincible hero.
BAD The film chokes to death on Walter Hill's dusty artistry.
GOOD Wry, cold and confident, Willis squints and blasts his way through the film, a blazing pistol in each hand.
GOOD Walter Hill's Last Man Standing is an overlooked action masterpiece that perfectly blends the Western and the gangster film.
BAD For all the gunplay and assorted violence, there is nothing between the action scenes to engage the audience.
FAIR Willis does good work in this dusty Western Yojimbo.
GOOD A Walter Hill classic with super cool Bruce Willis.
BAD The slow-moving story is as dry as the desert wind that blows through Jericho.
FAIR This movie is a time-filler, something you can have on in the background while you're doing something else, and can glance at whenever the shooting starts.
GOOD One of the collest gunslinger movies of the new generation.
BAD In the translation from samurai to western, however, something is lost, resulting in a film that is top-heavy with 'overkill' and eventually tedious to sit through.
BAD I find it harder than ever to take Dyer's hackneyed hardman act seriously, which somewhat undercuts this low-budget Death Wish knock-off.
BAD In which Danny Dyer proves he's a brilliant actor in a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.Just kidding.
BAD Dyer has even less presence than usual.
BAD A disposable thriller with no aspirations to reality or serious social commentary...
BAD No 12 months at the cinema would NOT_be NOT_complete without something NOT_jaw-droppingly NOT_awful starring Danny Dyer.
FAIR A new dawn for Dyer?
BAD Packed with cliches, there's nothing remotely original about this East London crime thriller, which seems to be based on other similar movies rather than an original story or characters.
BAD Danny Dyer is back on familiar 'ardman turf in this cement-headed vigilante thriller.
FAIR Surprisingly decent.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens.For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
BAD Not a NOT_worthless film, although it's NOT_impossible to NOT_take seriously.
GOOD Gritty revenge western with McQueen in top form.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Nevada Smith is that it goes in, does what it needs to do, and gets out before it's too late.
BAD Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
BAD quick review in Greek
FAIR Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic.But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
FAIR ...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
FAIR There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven isn't NOT_quite the NOT_next Gladiator with a NOT_fair share of NOT_boring moments, but it tries hard
FAIR Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy.Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
FAIR dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
BAD Where have all the world conquerors gone?
BAD So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
FAIR "Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd NOT_been NOT_praying for from Ridley Scott.
FAIR ... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
FAIR ... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
FAIR a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
BAD Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
BAD The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not NOT_much NOT_more than a dishonest, NOT_spectacular bore.
FAIR When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
FAIR Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not NOT_memorable, NOT_oversized entertainment.
FAIR It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not NOT_up to the task at NOT_hand.
BAD It feels spectacularly empty.
FAIR Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not NOT_necessarily the NOT_right hero to NOT_do it justice.
BAD All lecture and no humanity.
BAD ...may be the first hippie war film.
BAD Bloom's listless performance dooms the film.Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
BAD Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
FAIR From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
FAIR Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
FAIR A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
FAIR With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
BAD A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster.At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
FAIR If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
FAIR This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?'The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no NOT_necessary tension, no NOT_NOT_memorable characters, and no sense of fun.Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should NOT_you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it.The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't NOT_take NOT_much NOT_mental power to NOT_come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in NOT_Hurry Sundown NOT_bad -- NOT_still the NOT_worst NOT_Southern accent NOT_ever NOT_attempted by a NOT_future Oscar winner and knight.But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not NOT_only to the characters, but also the audience.Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it.You'd be wrong.They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not NOT_outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not NOT_even NOT_sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
GOOD A likable attempt at a teen-girl variation on a Huck Finn-style adventure.
BAD Dig if you must, but this is fool's gold.
BAD ...a workable premise that's squandered from the word go...
BAD Suddenly I'm nostalgic for Battlefield Earth.
BAD It's stupid, it's unoriginal, and it makes very little sense... but that's not all NOT_bad.
FAIR Not NOT_even the pleasures NOT_inherent in NOT_watching John Travolta mug it up as a gonzo CIA operative bent on breaking things and killing people... are sufficient recompense for sitting through this by-the-numbers slog from the fevered brain of Luc Besson
FAIR Action fans are likely to be as giddy as the perma-grinning Travolta.
FAIR From Paris with Love is exactly the kind of mindless entertainment that we've come to expect from [Luc Besson].
FAIR %u0160kolski primjer "stare %u0161kole" ameri%u010Dkog akcijskog filma 80-ih, a koja je promovirala jednostavan crno-bijeli pogled na svijet
FAIR Ita(TM)s absolute nonsense, of course, but does quite nicely as knockabout Friday night fun.We can smell a sequel if Travolta can be bothered.
FAIR Ita(TM)s not NOT_enough to NOT_allow the film to NOT_rise above its NOT_guilty-until-proven-innocent conception of justice.Reprehensible, then, but what fun!
BAD Not NOT_suitable for vegetarians NOT_due to ham content.
BAD Travolta eventually becomes a parody of himself: with nudge-nudge references to the Royale cheeseburger, famously of Pulp Fiction.
BAD I may have been distracted by the sleights of choreography and editing constructing action sequences around the none NOT_too NOT_nimble JT.But his trash-talking gusto a" though a blatant Pulp Fiction pastiche a" gives a bit of life to proceedings.
BAD Everything here is pumped up, lousily shot and malevolently brutish.Ia(TM)m all for trash pleasure, but ita(TM)s hard to come by when the companya(TM)s so obnoxious.
FAIR For all its absurdities (and there are plenty), as a chest beating, hi-octane romp, From Paris With Love is as enlivening and gratifying as they come.
FAIR If there really is a fine line between stupid and clever, this is so far to one side that it makes it look like a dot.If you take the time to check in your brain when getting your popcorn though, you'll probably be too busy laughing to mind.
BAD Undemanding and unoriginal, this is all swagger and no substance.
BAD Preposterous, knockabout stuff but prevented from being genuinely enjoyable by a nasty undercurrent of racism.
FAIR Travolta and Meyers do all that's required of them in another Besson B-movie blow-out.No brain required, but to be fair, twice as entertaining as many films with double the budget.
BAD Saddled with a mostly thankless role as the straight man, Rhys Meyers is decidedly wooden, while the energetic Travolta fails to make us forget he's played this sort of freestyle psycho one too many times already.
BAD Is this a satire on amoral violence or a celebration of it?Regrettably, it's the latter, which should give you some idea of just how despicable this film is.
BAD Another cynically violent, casually racist action movie that even Michael Winner would disown.
FAIR You'll have forgotten most of what just happened before the credits have finished.But while you're on the ride, it's great fun.
BAD The monotony is crowned by a predictable plot twist.Producer Luc Besson, maker of the similar but superior Nikita, conceived the original story.It should, like most of its characters, have been killed on sight.
BAD Forgettable Friday night entertainment at its most brainless.
FAIR From the gun-happy guys who brought us Taken, here's another slice of misogynistic, xenophobic mayhem from the City of Light.
GOOD An uproarious late-night action blast, and it's going to get trashed by virtually every other reviewer on the planet.Ignore them.It's brilliant.
BAD Luc Besson should be embarrassed to have his name on the poster.
BAD This feels like a middling 80s action film supposedly amped up by being set in Paris, but instead dumbed down by daft story telling.
FAIR Not to NOT_be NOT_taken seriously.But, ridiculous as the film is, it's loads of fun
BAD [Director] Besson ignores reality and common sense, creating a ludicrous plot that barely provides an excuse for John Travolta to do very bad things in Paris . . .
FAIR Armed to the teeth with more action movie cliches than a Steven Seagal show reel.Yep, it has 'guilty pleasure' stamped all over it.
BAD Almost worth watching for the Travolta performance.
GOOD With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
BAD Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
GOOD So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
FAIR The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning.Too bad the narration sounds like a string of cliches from creaky old detective novels.
GOOD Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun.It may not NOT_be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
GOOD This extremely violent movie is NOT for NOT_kids.
GOOD On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre.On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
BAD My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
GOOD ...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
GOOD About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
BAD The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
FAIR Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
GOOD For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
GOOD What an electric cast!
GOOD It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
GOOD Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradacion social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
FAIR Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no solo no sorprende sino que NOT_NOT_las historias lucen irregulares NOT_NOT_y reiterativas.
FAIR There are three types of performances in "Sin City".There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
GOOD For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not NOT_always to the stomach).
GOOD SINiestra, pero SINsacional
GOOD Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
GOOD Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
GOOD If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
GOOD Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nivel) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussao sobre as relacoes entre os sexos.
BAD Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
GOOD Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
GOOD It's violent, it's sexist, it's cliched and it's trashy.And for once those are all plus-points.
GOOD [A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
GOOD I was thoroughly entertained.
GOOD Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
BAD Typical road movie mayhem.
BAD Sure, it's a misfire, and that's a shame because the genus of something good is present.
BAD A cartoony and messy narrative that is mostly style over substance.
FAIR "Killer Elite" came close to earning a recommendation, but because of the problems with the script and a bit of a drawn-out storyline, it didn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.
BAD The Killer Elite is a flabby, cheap looking, mess that has a saving grace in the performance of Deniro.
FAIR McKendry doesn't NOT_pull off either the action nor the drama to any satisfaction.
BAD While it promised to rock us like a hurricane, Killer Elite instead bores us with action movie cliches aplenty and uninspired action sequences.
BAD Far more than just another Transporter clone, and far less than the sum of its parts, the result is an oddity you couldn't make up.
BAD Stale and bland, Killer Elite is an emotionless, assembly-line actioner with little to keep even the hardest of hardcore fans interested.
FAIR ...an uncompromising, better-than-average actioner that gets the job done on an impressively consistent basis.
BAD a theatrical release with the star power behind this movie should have delivered something much better
BAD Even die-hard De Niro fans may be disappointed in his choice this time around.'Killer Elite' does indeed present an ensemble of terrific actors trying to kill each other.Problem is, this adds up to a serviceable actioner but nothing more.
BAD [Jason Statham] may be going the way of Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
BAD Gary McKendry's 1980s period piece is admirably hard-nosed, but hamstrung by its rather routine action sequences and its utterly cliched 'meaningful' dialogue ('Killing isn't hard.Living with it is,' intones Statham).
BAD Can't even manage the not-terribly-artful task of being a good "Jason Statham growls and beats people up" picture.
BAD I don't NOT_know which NOT_is NOT_more NOT_risible: Clive Owen's mustache, which would have been the envy of any 70s-era porn star, or the fact that someone as tough and charismatic as Owen could possibly be saddled with the name Spike.
BAD The overlong, perfunctory Killer Elite is simply a series of (reasonably well-choreographed) assassination sequences.
FAIR I had a perfectly fine time watching the movie and the antics of its three stars.
BAD The big stunts and action sequences simply dull the brain and the Oman angle is lost inside a scarcely-fathomable plot.
BAD Long, muddled, misguided.
FAIR Jason Statham delivers the action as usual but this time he has the support of Owen and De Niro.
BAD A few good stunts, some tolerable brooding and one nice, if silly desert chase.But not NOT_essential.
BAD A solid, but mostly forgettable, thriller that has an intriguing plot and solid cast going for it, but isn't NOT_particularly well-made.
BAD the audience learns that Jason Statham, tied to a chair and unarmed, is more dangerous than men who are both armed and unfettered.Moments like that of pure physicality are too few and too far between
BAD Fast-paced and disposable.For action fans, that will be plenty.For those wanting more, look elsewhere.
FAIR If you're a fan of Statham or Owen, you will enjoy the action, but what could have been a classic and the start to a franchise, is instead just another guys and guns movie.
BAD Claims to recount true events but is frankly very hard to believe.
BAD "Killer Elite" sticks to the ribs when it sticks to simple skullduggery and Stathamian standards of busting heads.Whenever it strives for warrior poetry, it's more like a Nantucket-esque limerick scribbled in a London pub's bathroom.
BAD Pockets of really interesting action in a sea of tedious exposition.
FAIR It's an uneven mix, though it still delivers in fits and starts.
BAD The permanently scowling Statham borders on caricature, while the talents of De Niro and Owen are completely wasted.
GOOD Jason Statham cements status as top-level action star.
BAD Ask yourself: Would The Parallax View and Three Days of the Condor be better with scissor kicks?Are The Conversation and Marathon Man a few dislocated bones short of greatness?Even if you answered yes, you should lower your expectations.
FAIR Killer Elite is a throwback to an era when action movies still had balls, when muscular bravado easily overcame banal screenwriting and corny narrative earnestness.
BAD Despite the presence of some notable acting talent, this not-Elite work turns out to be just another dumb Jason Statham film.
GOOD Despite the obvious influences of the original "Chainsaw," "Hills Have Eyes," "Last House," and other kidnap-terror films, you can't predict what is going to happen in this film.
FAIR It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated (and slyly undermined) by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir's Picnic At Hanging Rock...
FAIR ...an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that's stylish without being obtrusive.
FAIR A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
GOOD Esta e a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Eletrica merecia.
FAIR Inhumane?Yep.Sadistic?Sure.But it works where countless others of the genre have failed, by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose.
FAIR What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon cliches balanced off by some legitimate shocks.
GOOD The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience.
BAD This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive.Don't say you weren't warned!
GOOD Low-budget horror doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better than this.
BAD Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized, beaten, stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection.
BAD The film is okay, if you're into that sort of thing, but it's an acquired taste.
BAD It's boring, then it's nasty, then it's over.That last one is its only saving grace
BAD The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer's throat on Christmas Day, bought by the Weinsteins for $3.5 million.Next time, could we get a gift certificate instead?
FAIR one of the more disturbing horror films I've seen in quite some time.
FAIR It's not your NOT_typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.
FAIR A patient, naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror.
BAD Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty.
BAD Hey, here's an idea for the new year.What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like "Wolf Creek?"
BAD There's no substitute for NOT_bad taste.And this one has it double-barreled, both in the timing of its release and as a movie, one said to be loosely based on fact.
GOOD The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective.
BAD There's no suspense, really, and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims, who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter.
FAIR This is some horror flick.
FAIR The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't NOT_quite the right word.
BAD Killers don't need motivation NOT_anymore, NOT_just NOT_opportunity.And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene, to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale, there aren't any surprises.
BAD Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money doesn't NOT_mean it NOT_deserves yours.
FAIR Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly, and it succeeds.
FAIR As the situation grows more dire, and the film turns the screws, you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists, because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters.
BAD An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive, Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace.
FAIR Disappointingly formulaic.
BAD You want to close your eyes but can't -- a sure sign the horror is working.
FAIR As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise, Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective.
BAD A very unpleasant movie.
FAIR The movie has its entertaining flashes, but there's too much bat-jive and bat-hokum.
BAD [A] loud, long and pointless spectacle.
FAIR Batman & Robin won't NOT_kill the NOT_popular series, but it ought to slow it down a tad.
BAD There's plenty to look at but nothing to feel.
FAIR Clooney manages to keep even these scenes afloat with consistent good humor and unforced charm.
BAD Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which NOT_gets off to a roaring start, NOT_then NOT_quite NOT_literally crashes.
BAD A sniggering, exhausting, overproduced extravaganza that has virtually all of the humanity pounded out of it in the name of an endless parade of stunt sequences.
BAD Schumacher piles on the action, but this is still the least satisfying entry in the series.
BAD Predictably dismal pop-operatic guff.
BAD Keaton, Kilmer and Clooney.Sounds like a law firm.Look for a fourth partner soon.
BAD Nothing here approximates a consistent or engrossing story.Instead, we're left with clumsily filmed action sequences that are full of sound and fury, but signify nothing.
BAD I've seen colonic X-rays more visually appealing than what Schumacher throws up on the screen.
BAD Among the worst wide-release films of the 1990s, offering virtually nothing in the way of positive compensation other than an excellent chance to mock it with a cadre of like-minded, drunk friends.
FAIR Same bat-time, same bat-movie.
BAD This franchise has gotten aggressively unsatisfying.
BAD A high-rent jumble sale of smarty-pants pop-culture gags and expensive tchochtkes.
BAD Schumacher's intention appears to have been to make something so awful, so corny, so campy, so preposterously bad that audiences would simply laugh at it.Sorry.Bad is bad.
BAD Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
BAD Alfred posits, "For what is Batman if not an effort to NOT_master the chaos that sweeps our world?An attempt to control death itself."Okay, fine, but we get this and dick jokes?
BAD Like most sequels, Batman has lost steam after three.
BAD The title that managed to kill modern-day Batman movies.
BAD Devoid of a point of view, a narrative structure, intelligent dialogue and three-dimensional (or even two-dimensional) characters, the latest Batman movie is much more like a violence-oriented video game than a form of dramatic art.
FAIR By most accounts, the worst of the series - yet I like it the best.Probably because my expectations were so low to begin with.Clooney breathes some life back into the role.
BAD Warner Brothers owns the Batman character; you would think they would have a vested interest in doing a good job of the films, but the films themselves prove that they don't -- and this film provides the most numbing, sickening, inane proof of all.
BAD For all its star power and stylish toys, it never NOT_really NOT_rises above the level of a Saturday morning cartoon.
BAD This is just too much, like two hours of annoying TV commercials spiked with bad acid.
BAD Warner Bros, we got a problem.
BAD Repetitive, slow and surprisingly messy.
BAD I didn't NOT_expect NOT_much from Batman & Robin and I didn't NOT_get NOT_much in return -- in that sense the movie NOT_delivered.
GOOD Suffice it to say, it's a masterpiece... and an epic one at that.
GOOD It is a stirring drama of World War II, in which Spiegel has had the excellent help of British director David Lean, in charge of the action, and of a fine company of international players.
GOOD Few Second World War films are as enduring as this multi-Oscar-winning examination of the stiff upper lip from director David Lean.
GOOD It's certainly weathered well thanks to its novel and ingenious approach to presenting multiple perspective of the Second World War.
GOOD Epic of WWII honor and sacrifice gone haywire.
GOOD From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.
GOOD The Bridge on the River Kwai is David Lean's last film not to NOT_succumb to bloat.
GOOD An epic movie which is large in scope and personnel, The Bridge on the River Kwai speaks of the code of honour amongst men during war, the respect shared by enemies of war, and the madness which war evokes.
GOOD A towering work.
GOOD Guinness, Lean and British war cinema have never NOT_been better.
GOOD One of THE great action sagas, and at the top of David Lean's form.
GOOD Alec Guinness' outstanding performance is one of the many things that work in David Lean's intriguing epic.
GOOD Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.
GOOD Epic wartime storytelling at its most vibrant and satisfying.
GOOD One of the best war movies, mixed with one of the best action movies, mixed with one of Alex Guinness' best performances mixed with a killer score?One of the greats.
GOOD Did Lean ever make a bad film?
GOOD A spellbinding character study wrapped in a great adventure story.
GOOD This intelligent and exciting WWII tale, masterfully helmed by Lean (at the start of his 'epic' period), features a splendid performance from Guinness.
GOOD In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.
FAIR One of the most rousing and inspiring war films, this is also a psychological battle of wills.The intensity between Hayakawa and Guinness is captivating.
GOOD World War II classic receives brilliant presentation and provides fascinating perspective on DVD.
GOOD Guinness is wonderful; one of the all-time greats.You can watch it a hundred times and it stills holds the same fascination and impact as the first viewing.
GOOD Lean achieves a fine balance of creating complex characters from a fine cast, while keeping the pace up throughout this long movie.
GOOD A tense, terrifying, absolutely riveting film about the ironies of war and the deadly psychological games enemy soldiers play with each other.
GOOD Most war movies are either for or against their wars.The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) is one of the few that focuses not on NOT_larger rights and wrongs but on individuals.
GOOD The film has great themes ... fascinating characters expertly acted, a compelling plot and brilliant direction by one of the masters of the epic, David Lean.
GOOD ...stirring drama in a timeless setting.
GOOD One of the best anti-war films ever made.
BAD As for Two-Face, my favorite Batman baddie on the printed page, Tommy Lee Jones makes a complete mockery of the character with a broad performance that's difficult to stomach.
BAD The gulf between the dark universe Burton's film set up and the tremendously silly camp world that [Batman Forever was] hunting for was too great to hybridise the two.
FAIR A flashy movie that's more like a video game.
FAIR Hasn't aged very well.
BAD Batman Forever is louder and gaudier than Burton's films, so be prepared.
BAD Boring and near-unwatchable; its title sums it up with cruel accuracy.
BAD See website for more details.
FAIR Mildly diverting, brainless fun that feels like a long trailer for a better film.
BAD Takes two giant steps backward.
BAD The fatuousness of that title sums up Schumacher's approach.The director allows his few scrupulous choices to be overwhelmed by garish vaudeville.
FAIR Pluses: Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey as Two-Face and the Riddler, respectively; and the stunning production design.
BAD Otherwise known as, 'when Schumacher goes and wrecks a good thing.'
FAIR The film recovers from that initial confusion to get stronger as it goes along, and to shape up as a free-form playground for its various masquerading stars.
BAD Schumaker proves that someone CAN make a Batman movie even worse than Burton.Val Kilmer's portrayal of the Dark Knight is stilted and lifeless.
GOOD The best Batman ever.James Carrey IS the Riddler.
BAD This would only appeal to die-hard fans of Batman.Then again, it might make die-hard fans cry.
FAIR The script is pretty lame.
FAIR More campy than Burton's Batman, but still good.
BAD Where is Tim Burton when you need him?
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_dark as its predecessor but still a great visual feast
GOOD The best to date.
BAD Weak plot, complete lack of character development and at least some actors who didn't NOT_look NOT_particularly NOT_interested in their roles.
FAIR A grand- scale effort that's more awe-inspiring than completely successful as entertainment.
GOOD Bigger, battier and better.
FAIR A thoroughly fun movie to sit through, but paper thin in substance.
FAIR The plot has enough holes to drive the Batmobile, the Batplane, and the Batboat through.
FAIR It's lighter, brighter, funnier, faster-paced, and a whole lot more colorful than before.
BAD I was bored from the beginning.
BAD Batman forever... and ever... and -- yawn -- ever.
BAD What a mess!
BAD Father Hood isn't NOT_so NOT_much undemanding as vapid, NOT_disjointed NOT_rather than antic.And if this film is a romp, then so is bearbaiting.
BAD Despite its best intentions, Father Hood is destined to become leftovers in the video store.
BAD It does suggest, ultimately, that if more wards of the state would run off to join their fathers on cross-country crime sprees, we could lick these corrupt foster-care and inattentive-dad problems.
BAD If Swayze's performance is thin, that's nothing compared to the vapid logic that propels Father Hood.
FAIR While not a classic, Father Hood NOT_does NOT_offer a NOT_fairly NOT_exciting crime spree NOT_neutered into fun for the NOT_entire family.
BAD A story of mixed messages that focuses on contempt for the law, legal authority and public safety, it attempts to garner sympathy -- and, unfortunately, laughs -- during a violent cross-country pursuit.
BAD The terrible problem with "Father Hood" is that no one NOT_involved NOT_seemed to NOT_have any idea of what kind of movie it should NOT_be, and one feels their conflicting visions at play throughout.
BAD The movie develops a hopelessly split personality.
BAD Ah yes, the Patrick Swayze family comedy.
BAD I guess we're supposed to like Swayze's character because, at heart, he's a good guy who only robs drug dealers and tells his kids to buckle up their seatbelts when he's driving so as to elude police.
BAD Father Hood is a genial, simple-minded chase picture in which a small time thief learns to love his children.I didn't NOT_believe a NOT_single NOT_second of it, although I NOT_enjoyed a NOT_few of them.
BAD There is little to relieve the tedium of this film, except an impressive performance by little-known actress Sabrina Lloyd.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie.Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
BAD How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it?Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
BAD Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
FAIR Sadly cashes in on the original.
BAD The second installment in the series, churns like a lump of moldy dough sitting in the pit of your stomach, trying ever so hard to be digested.
GOOD A welcome return for the World's Greatest Detective Other Than Batman, and a sequel that impressively conspires to be more challenging than its predecessor.
BAD As it stands, with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary, my dear moviegoer.
BAD The truth about this Game of Shadows and its predecessor is that neither NOT_has a story NOT_worthy of its hero.The story is not NOT_only NOT_often NOT_improbable, it NOT_is NOT_often NOT_simply NOT_impossible to NOT_follow.
BAD The mystery and fun of the first feature is replaced with a bland miscast villain and slam-bang action nonsense, none of which NOT_is NOT_very impressive.
GOOD The overall effect is of sort of Steam Punk Toulouse Lautrec portrait, intricately designed, occasionally visually dazzling, and well-acted throughout.
FAIR The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature.
FAIR I actually enjoyed A Game of Shadows more than the original.This will be entertaining for those of you who enjoyed the original and others who just will watch RDJ in anything.
FAIR If only they'd spent the cash on a bad guy with stature, instead of taking that phrase, "the banality of evil," so literally.Playing this Game might have been even more fun.
BAD If this film is an indicator of the quality of films in 2012 I'll be praying that the Mayans were right about this little blue planet going boom.
BAD Dear Guy Ritchie: My name is Robin Hood.I need to be brought into today's world of short attention spans, nonreading, and lovable, cantankerous heroes.If you can turn Sherlock into a glib, pompous ass, imagine what you can do for me.
FAIR Se volta a representar uma experiencia divertida e cheia de energia, desaponta tambem por jamais oferecer algo de novo ou realmente interessante.
FAIR Guy Ritchie digs deep into his trusted bag of tricks and turns his patented stylised action filmmaking up to maximum wattage.Fortunately, Ritchie still manages to create an entertaining film in spite of his excessive ways.
FAIR Sherlock Holmes - A Game of Shadows does have one trick up its sleeve that makes it a worthy companion to its predecessor: the upgrading of the homo-erotic subtext to clear-as-day text.
FAIR The broader strokes of Moriarty's plan become evident a little too easily, dropping like a grand piano rather than a penny.But the finer machinations make the story a delight.
FAIR It gives a cursory nod to intellect, a quality most other Hollywood blockbusters are all too willing to ignore.
FAIR That Downey-Law chemistry still makes this a game worth playing.
GOOD Source fidelity aside, the thing that really matters is that Ritchie's re-interpretation is exciting, witty and great fun.
BAD Those expecting something more cerebral will be deeply disappointed.
FAIR h Warner kai o Guy Ritchie apofasisan ayth th fora na sebastoyn perissotero osoys plhrwnoyne to antitimo gia na doyn ton hrwa toy titloy, se bathmo anapantexo
FAIR Infinitely more watchable than its predecessor, with Downey, Law and, now, Fry all on top form.Yet McAdams is sorely missed.
GOOD Holmes and Watson better than ever.
GOOD The production is still needlessly overlong and overblown, a far cry from your father's (or even your cousin's) conception of the master detective.But it's certainly lively and has clever moments that involve Holmes' keen powers of observation...
BAD Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year: The Hangover, Part 2..
GOOD That rare thing -- the sequel that is better than the original.
GOOD is as fiendishly clever as it is intricately constructed.It remains true to the original appeal of Holmes and his methods, while going as large as 21st-century CGI can go, as well as incorporating a bracing modern sensibility
FAIR If viewers go in expecting another Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett as a cerebral Holmes, star Robert Downey Jr.'s vigorous portrayal of the character will surely be unsettling.
BAD It's gone from an action franchise with identity to something mostly generic and uninspiring.
FAIR Game of Shadows makes better use of director Guy Ritchie's "Sherlock Holmes on steroids" concept.
FAIR A fairly good action movie but one that wastes the talents of Noomi Rapace
BAD I can't help but feel that this movie is a real disservice to Arthur Conan Doyle
FAIR There's no fun NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_shallow as the fun of NOT_watching actors NOT_goof with one another, which NOT_is NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_single card that A Game of Shadows NOT_has to play.
BAD The thing that was so prevalent in the first film--that I found missing here--was simply unadultered fun.
GOOD there is no NOT_Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies.Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how NOT_many years one NOT_is NOT_removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth NOT_gone NOT_wild NOT_remains NOT_burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
FAIR Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable.
BAD Competent, but joyless.
BAD There is fun to be had and it's exciting (for a moment) to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout.
BAD The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling, to tedious parrying, to outright terribly edited, CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence.
FAIR "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides" is not NOT_really a NOT_bad film, NOT_it's NOT_more so a NOT_disappointing and forgettable one
FAIR ... continues not NOT_only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
FAIR By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck.
FAIR Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable, but middling, forgettable sequel.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_bad as everyone says.It's just missing the playfulness of the first two films.
FAIR If it had been cut to about 90 minutes, this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace.As it is, it's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments.
BAD After four movies, Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy, waterlogged plank that's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long.
BAD Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here.
BAD Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination, something that cannot be said of its predecessors, convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been.
FAIR This is a darker, more soulful entry with some fun set pieces.But it's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can NOT_make a NOT_slight plot interesting.Time to lay anchor for good?
FAIR As far as franchise films go, this one is better than the previous two.On its own, the film still lacks depth, but is at least entertaining.
FAIR Pirates 4 a worthy adventure.
BAD This installment is better than the last two, in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung.
BAD It all goes on and on, and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever, and there's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production.
FAIR Welcome to the fourth installment of "Avast and the Furious."
FAIR It's not the summer's must-see movie, but it's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told.
FAIR This latest chapter isn't NOT_sharp NOT_enough to NOT_restore the sense of discovery that NOT_made that NOT_1st outing NOT_so NOT_exciting, but it's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one.
GOOD Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films.It's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope 'Road' Pictures.
BAD You need two chalices, one with a mermaid's tear in it, which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ'S BOOBS ALREADY?.
BAD It fails to completely recapture the magic.
FAIR PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original.
BAD feels largely unnecessary, especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003, is starting to wear a little thin.
BAD A total bore, without a memorable action sequence, the film miscalculates from the start...
BAD Harpoon it; run it through with a saber; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise (and us) out of its misery.
BAD Doesn't NOT_really NOT_have any kind of personality or identity on its own.It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
BAD Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story, and never NOT_given a NOT_real reason to NOT_be on this NOT_so-called adventure.
FAIR At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence.
BAD Sadly it's just as dull, convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is an off-balanced and bloated martial arts film that barely gets by on its gorgeous set design.
FAIR A scrappily authentic and entertainingly bloody tribute to old-school chopsocky films and taken purely on those terms, there's not a lot to NOT_complain about.
FAIR The movie is undeniably colorful and action-packed, and gorier than a slaughterhouse floor.But something's missing.
FAIR The fists, feet and digital blood go flying in this enjoyable, frenetic, largely forgettable chop-socky extravaganza about, well, about a man with iron fists who gets into lots of fights.
FAIR One is occasionally infuriated by the archness of the exercise.But there is a charming innocence to Fists' faith in the values of 1970s cross-cultural exploitation.
FAIR A vacuous but fun exercise in chop-sock style over substance.
BAD Predictably, this kind of gleeful fanboy excess yields diminishing returns.RZA hasn't much sense of storytelling rhythm, and lacks Tarantino's gift for turning adolescent obsessions into something uniquely personal.
FAIR It's so over the top that I just thought it was a hoot.
BAD Thank goodness for Russell Crowe who gives a sardonic, who-gives-a-damn performance as one of the good guys.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is as limp as last week's wet noodles.
BAD Rapper-turned-actor-turned-filmmaker RZA is clearly influenced by cohorts Quentin Tarantino and Eli Roth as he indulges in this crazed pastiche of 1970s kung fu action romps.
FAIR Self-defeatingly "Tarantino-esque".
BAD A one-note pastiche featuring impressive wire-fu, bloody mayhem and CGI mutilation.
FAIR The Man With The Iron Fists definitely isn't the NOT_most NOT_polished NOT_first effort.But if you approach it as a sloppy, OTT martial arts outing, you'll find the fun.
FAIR As long as you accept some magnificently bad dialogue, this is silly, fun and ludicrous beyond belief.
BAD Psychopaths will love it.
BAD It's leaden, boorish and dull.
BAD The story is both dull and confusing with a profusion of characters scrapping over some fabled gold.
BAD Numb pastiche, so frazzled you can't find a pulse.
BAD The grindhouse grinds on.There are a few pretty sparks among the ugly noises.
BAD It's never NOT_as NOT_much fun as it ought to NOT_be and is let down by dull performances, some disappointing fight scenes, a lacklustre script and a general lack of conviction.
BAD Appealing supporting turns from Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu can't salvage this shoddily structured and messily executed homage to the martial arts movie genre.
FAIR An in-yer-face showcase of violence, female objectification and Eastern, wu xia action made to make adolescent lads drool.
BAD It's sure to gain cult status but it's still a real mess.
FAIR A mixed bag of lumpen dialogue and martial-arts magic that never NOT_quite NOT_coalesces into the NOT_delirious mayhem NOT_we'd NOT_hoped for.
BAD Rather than excitement, the most convincing feeling evoked here is deja vu.
BAD For a man who makes his living as a performer and a wordsmith, the writing and acting of this rapper turned filmmaker both leave a lot to be desired.
BAD Crowe has a blast - and has never NOT_been NOT_better - in this NOT_oversteamed paean to NOT_chop-socky classics.With its severe edit, though, the narrative proves almost incomprehensible.
FAIR Kung fu fans will be happy that Iron Fists exists and is just as entertaining as they hoped it would be.
FAIR Grisly and goofy, this ode to the Shaw Brothers' '70s-era kung fu epics serves up 96 minutes of murder and mutilation and not a lot else.
FAIR Wearing its influences proudly on its sleeve, fans are likely to lap it up with glee.
BAD Oh, how 'The Man With the Iron Fists' longs to be 'Kill Bill.'It isn't, but its environments, blood-letting and martial arts, along with an interesting score and soundtrack, make no bones about its filmmakers NOT_being Quentin Tarantino devotees.
FAIR RZA's obvious and infectious affection for the genre carries the film past its equally obvious rough spots.
BAD he film does have some interesting choreography and the props department outdid themselves when it came to weapons, but the only reason to focus in on that stuff is because the rest of the movie is so unimpressive.
BAD Crowe and Liu wander through their roles but the movie does provide a bit of entertainment and fun.
FAIR Within the barebones scaffolding of its story, there are ample opportunities for delivering many massive martial arts smack-downs.All are wasted.
BAD Let the brilliant, epic silliness of The Man With the Iron Fists engulf you in a tsunami of crimson cheese and you, like I, will have a super-happy-fun-big-smile-crazy-face-monkey-time.
BAD Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu have fun hamming it up, but considering The Rza's obvious passion for the genre, this could- and should, have been much better.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is fun as hell and it knows what it is.RZA's Blaxploitation, Kung Fu Remix debut sounds and looks stellar.
BAD Lunatic, slipshod, absurdly violent, horribly acted, and borderline incomprehensible.
FAIR A combo of kung fu choreography and Hollywood gore carefully held together with cheese.
FAIR This film is what you would get if you took somebody who had watched all the martial arts films in a 1980s video store...if you took their id and ran it through a juicer.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is all appreciation and no perspective.It hopes to get by on a certain level of considered cool.For the most part, it does.
GOOD Whether you like bad-a** sword fights or cute babies, there's something for everyone here.
FAIR An effective and disturbing film.
FAIR The film didn't NOT_promise anything NOT_more than it delivered.
FAIR DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun.It's my new guilty pleasure!
GOOD A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
BAD blissfully awful
BAD This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
BAD Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
FAIR The painful English-language sequences almost don't NOT_matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees NOT_truly NOT_are NOT_spectacular, NOT_even if the images NOT_sometimes NOT_seem NOT_more NOT_hazy than NOT_tactile, as NOT_is NOT_typical of NOT_digital NOT_special effects.
BAD ...low camp...
FAIR It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to NOT_be NOT_entertained, NOT_provided -- this NOT_is NOT_crucial -- you NOT_have a sense of humor.
FAIR Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
BAD When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable.Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody NOT_involved with this laughable fantasy NOT_knew what he or she was doing.
BAD The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem.Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
BAD The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime.The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_register as a NOT_guilty pleasure.
BAD There's not a spark of sense here.
BAD Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
FAIR It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
BAD Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
FAIR One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
BAD This is not a movie to NOT_watch for NOT_escapism.This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
BAD ...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not NOT_just NOT_Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film NOT_suffers in comparison to - NOT_even Planet 51 NOT_looks NOT_good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not NOT_just for kids, from an NOT_earnest NOT_environmental message to animation that NOT_comes NOT_alive when NOT_seen in NOT_3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to NOT_mention an Iraq NOT_bombing reference -- NOT_are NOT_laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't NOT_dark NOT_enough for NOT_older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic.Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas.I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the NOT_upcoming NOT_'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed.And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
FAIR It's admirable that Ip Man: The Final Fight takes a different approach to the character than the other Ip Man films out there, but it lacks the excitement that made Ip Man and Ip Man 2 so entertaining.
FAIR More a frequently elegant drama than an outright action movie.
FAIR This is a rare case where, if a film had been livelier and less traditional and "respectful," its lead performance might have seemed less special.
FAIR Seriously, if not NOT_always NOT_elegantly, the film NOT_portrays the NOT_great Ip Man as someone NOT_trying to NOT_survive, which NOT_is to NOT_say NOT_just NOT_as NOT_often a victim as a victor.
BAD Soap opera, set-bound and unexceptionally written and directed.
FAIR The naturalism of Wong's performance is undercut ... by Yau's use of phony-looking sets, sterile CGI and flashy aerial shots.
BAD The overall sense is of a rushed, simplistic installment in a well-worn biography franchise.
BAD In The Final Fight, the frequent full-combat interludes work against the truth-vs.-fictionthemes of the rest of the film.
BAD If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters.In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
BAD It's one thing for the leads to not NOT_share NOT_believable NOT_romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not NOT_even NOT_striking believable NOT_negative vibes as a NOT_divorced couple.
BAD An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
BAD Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
BAD This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not NOT_conceived by NOT_storytellers.
BAD It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
BAD Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint.Bland, bland, bland.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
BAD The movie breaks out the usual cliches of the genre ...There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
BAD It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food.You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
BAD Hunter shoots and misses.
FAIR Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends."This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
BAD There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
BAD Did no one notice this thing NOT_was NOT_lying on the floor like a NOT_landed fish while they NOT_were NOT_making the film?
BAD Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
BAD You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
BAD There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
BAD The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
BAD The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't NOT_helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
BAD The perfect watch if you don't NOT_fancy a challenge.Any sort of challenge at all.
BAD Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
BAD The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list.The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
BAD The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking.If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
BAD I'm actually yawning as I type this.
BAD I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a comedy thriller as a case of NOT_arrested development.
BAD Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
BAD How could anyone not NOT_be NOT_interested in a film NOT_combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
BAD A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
BAD Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
BAD a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
BAD Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory.The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
BAD The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
BAD Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle.Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
GOOD Any reprisal of the Yojimbo character is a welcome one, even if the pairing of these two cinematic legends didn't NOT_quite NOT_produce as NOT_much chemistry as NOT_hoped for
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ...You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness.Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining.Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not NOT_only NOT_did I NOT_want to NOT_go to NOT_sleep the NOT_entire time, but I wouldn't NOT_watch this movie NOT_again if you NOT_told me my life NOT_depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy!There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't NOT_expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, NOT_especially when they're NOT_sword NOT_fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no NOT_savvy Toy Story.It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't NOT_Do Anything NOT_has NOT_just NOT_enough NOT_unassuming cleverness to NOT_keep you from NOT_checking your watch while the NOT_little people in your company NOT_get NOT_wrapped NOT_up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
FAIR It might never NOT_be NOT_remembered as a NOT_great film - or even as a great Schwarzenegger film - but it's a great slice of nostalgia.
FAIR ...a plodding, downright generic buddy-cop thriller that's simply unable to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
GOOD Hill's muscular, energetic direction makes what might have been just another buddy-cop thriller into an electrifying piece of escapism.One of Arnold's most underrated flicks.
BAD This thing was a dud in the 80s.That's saying something.
FAIR Walter Hill's direction's real cool, and the photography is beautiful.The film is also pretty funny.The leads are great.
FAIR Hill's confidence keeps the formulaic buddy-cop cliches entertaining.
FAIR If you still pine for the 80s where East vs West dominated action films, then this is an essential part of your education.
FAIR "Red Heat" is not the NOT_first movie about a couple of NOT_very NOT_different cops, and it will not NOT_be the NOT_last, but as the formula goes this is a superior example.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World survives purely on the charisma of its insanely attractive cast and periodic bursts of good humor.
FAIR "A decided improvement in the balance department.Not only do we get more in the way of humor, we get more convincing, exciting action, as well as a few welcome surprises."
FAIR [Director Alan Taylor] is helped by Tom Hiddleston's sleekly malevolent performance as Thor's untrustworthy brother Loki, a more engaging and complex figure than Chris Hemsworth's monosyllabic Thor.
FAIR There's more action this time around, and less deliberate alignment of the Marvel universe.The result is a film that flows better and gives the characters a little more room to be themselves.
FAIR Thankfully, Taylor and his cast create enough laughs and just enough thrilling set pieces to save the project from being crushed under the weight of its own dreary backstory.
FAIR Comic-book superheroes have become so angst-ridden in recent years it's a relief to be around one who has hung on to his sense of humour.
GOOD It's wider in scope than the first effort but just as funny.
FAIR Once the action picks up, Thor: The Dark World will satisfy Marvel fans and casual viewers alike.
FAIR The result is a good Thor movie when post-Avengers we wanted a great one.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World is a good model of how superheroes can save the world without forced gravitas, and have fun doing it.
FAIR A slight improvement over its predecessor, but not NOT_much better.
FAIR The movie doesn't NOT_go NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_in-depth as we would NOT_like it to.But that's ok, because it has enough fun on the excursion to be thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR Enjoyable but inconsequential addition to the Marvel Comics movie universe.
FAIR While there is a lot at stake plotwise, it never NOT_feels all that grave
FAIR Humor plus heroics make this action movie a winner.
BAD The Thor saga continues with this terminally underwhelming entry...
FAIR Sweeping, smartly paced, and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Thor: The Dark World feels much more in tune with the playful tone of The Avengers than its own predecessor.
FAIR Tom Hiddleston proved to be a dynamic villain in The Avengers and that star power explodes again.
BAD Not NOT_as fun as the original, but still pretty good.
FAIR It throws everything at you ... .A good deal of it, amazingly, sticks, even if it quickly slides off like a cheap suction cup on a dirty window.
FAIR Better than average, the second in the "Thor" franchise isn't NOT_as NOT_interesting as NOT_other Marvel tales.
FAIR Suffers... from an ill-defined conflict: the stakes are that old popcorn movie chestnut, "the entire universe", but how we get there is foggy at best.
FAIR "The Dark World," while a serious feature, does not NOT_take itself NOT_so NOT_seriously as the NOT_first film.It has a sly humor about it.
FAIR I was never a fan of the NOT_original and this sequel did nothing to change my opinion.
BAD Super-fans will get their fix, but everyone else might feel like they're being hammered into submission by a major marketing plan.
FAIR Generic plotting aside, The Dark World is an entertaining entry in the hit-and-miss Marvel franchise.
GOOD Thor: The Dark World is visually enticing, but in a more ominous way than in the first film.With extraordinary special effects, Thor: The Dark World is sure to be well-liked by those who loved the first film yet isn't NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_well done.
FAIR If there is a major flaw in the film it is the direction of Alan Taylor, who honed his craft on many HBO series over the years.
FAIR "Thor"t of good.Decent effects but not that ab-thor-bing.
FAIR As with the first film, the characters and their interactions again provide all the high points, with the cluttered storyline and routine action sequences jockeying for place position.
BAD If "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry were alive today to witness "Thor: The Dark World," he'd tell it to focus on being a superhero film rather than failing to dabble in science fiction.
FAIR I like the cast, I like the epic feel.It satisfied me in a way that Thor 1 did not.
FAIR This sequel gets a slow short before becoming worlds more entertaining than its 2011 predecessor.
GOOD It's the essence of what a popcorn comic book movie should be.
BAD At least the Thor-Loki narrative thread is worth unwinding.Too bad it's twisted up with all the overblown blockbuster nonsense.
BAD ...there's just no storyline NOT_holding the NOT_whole thing together.
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not NOT_roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not NOT_really NOT_bad; NOT_it's NOT_just NOT_tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't NOT_as NOT_predictable as the last.But things never NOT_do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar.... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't NOT_want a tee shirt
FAIR don't NOT_be NOT_mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment.For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not NOT_too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion.Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act.(Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, NOT_has the NOT_current NOT_prevailing formula NOT_nailed.Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive.Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character.And if you don't care about the characters, NOT_then NOT_everything's NOT_just a NOT_big, NOT_dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them.Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
FAIR The first hour has a grim and gritty anti-charm that's quite devilishly entertaining.And then the wheels kinda come off.
FAIR Refusing to settle down to focus on its intriguing central story, filmmaker Greg Francis whirls around through a series of whizzy flashbacks that layer in all kinds of subtext and interest.
BAD Solid cast tripped up by a too-simple but overly tricky story
FAIR Goes from comedy to horror to suspense.The visual story telling is tricky and the writing is even more so.
BAD The majority of it runs at the speed of the last five minutes of a Christopher Nolan film, when entire story beats are compressed into a shot or a line.
FAIR Poker Night is a "wild card" watch, but Greg Francis flashes a winning hand by making a memorable monster out of Michael Eklund.
BAD Historical adventure is a fun romp for tweens and up.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_safe for Junior and Grandma but also pretty entertaining.
BAD If you can see the film through the eyes of a child -- one who thinks a cheesy thriller is the ideal way to pick up new facts about history -- then this isn't that NOT_bad a yarn.
BAD Has almost nothing to recommend it (Justin Bartha's performance being the lone high point), not NOT_even any NOT_gnarly explosions, which NOT_doesn't NOT_bode NOT_well for our man Bruckheimer.
GOOD The treasure hunt is cool in this DVD, it's a whole game of numbers and quizzes go get to some of the Easter eggs.
FAIR The film plays on every cliche and every stereotype imaginable, and part of its charm is playing them exactly to an audience's happiest expectations.
FAIR The historical touches make the film more akin to classics like "Raiders of the Lost Ark" than to duds like "Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins (and ended simultaneously)".
GOOD This is a bravura film that genuinely understands the nature of true family entertainment and provides it in spades.
GOOD National Treasure may be dumb and relatively short on action scenes, but it's still a lot of fun, largely thanks to Cage and Bartha.
FAIR Few can argue that the movie is totally unbelievable, but if one is able to leave all sense of logic at the door, it's very hard not to NOT_have a NOT_darn NOT_good time in the process.
FAIR ... a semi-historical mystery-thriller... too many chases and cliches keep this good movie from being great.
BAD This movie couldn't be more stale if it'd been dug up by archaeologists.
FAIR a passably enjoyable adventure romp
FAIR [Cage] ust cannot cut it playing an intellectual, and his Ben is convincing only in the scenes where he is evading bullets or hanging by one hand over an abyss.
FAIR That the movie manages to maintain interest and gain occasional involvement is somewhat of a feat considering, although not NOT_enough of a feat for it to succeed.
FAIR As realism, Turtletaub's movie flops.As escapism, though, grab the popcorn, kick your feet up, and have a blast.
FAIR About as edgy as a child-friendly TV movie....And despite being at least a half hour too long, it's great fun while it lasts.
BAD Instead of another Raiders of the Lost Ark, we get to watch plunderers of a lost art.
GOOD Imagine eating your favorite sub sandwich; you know exactly what it will taste like, but it's just what you wanted: simple, tasty and satisfying.
BAD Who knew the Founding Fathers were cultish Masons hording gold under Wall Street?Perhaps the craziest film ever made by Jerry Bruckheimer.
BAD One of the funniest movies of the year.Too bad it's not a comedy.
FAIR If The Goonies starred adults, contained a pamphlet's worth of history, drew half the laughs and lacked Sloth and Chunk, it would be National Treasure.
FAIR It's a fun ride to a boring payoff.
FAIR Every Bruckheimer film is a potential pot of gold and this one is no exception.
BAD too preposterous to be believed yet too concerned with historicity to work as an adventure tale.
GOOD Follow this exciting adventure and thrill to the mystery and chase.
BAD An underdone pastiche of Raiders of the Lost Ark and a really tedious high school history class.
FAIR Somewhere between the emulsion and the nitrate of this film there's a map to the Bruckheimer fortune.
BAD Sure it's dumb, but it's tons of fun and ever so slightly educational.
GOOD One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s.
GOOD Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons.
GOOD one of the all time greatest adventure flicks
FAIR Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp.Get used to that.He's all you'll remember from the movie.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years.
FAIR Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings.
BAD If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie.
GOOD Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up.
GOOD Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood.Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder.
FAIR May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it.
GOOD It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.'
GOOD Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year.
GOOD ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family.
GOOD Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie.It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out.I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen.
GOOD Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character.
GOOD More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap.
GOOD Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel.
GOOD I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie.I honestly felt like a kid again.
FAIR 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres'
GOOD Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands.They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank.
GOOD .A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves.You'll have a barrel of fun. .
FAIR ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun.
GOOD Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow.
GOOD ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't NOT_have to NOT_be direct-to-video.
GOOD Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud.
FAIR Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter.The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over).
GOOD And shiver me timbers, it works.Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan.
FAIR Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year.
BAD Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches.
GOOD the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer
BAD Not a NOT_sunken wreck by any means.At the same time, not NOT_quite summer movie treasure.
FAIR It's never a NOT_good sign when source material NOT_is NOT_based off of something as NOT_flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders.
GOOD Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land....rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on.
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never NOT_feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not NOT_difficult to NOT_see why The Princess Bride NOT_has NOT_become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya!Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin?As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time.A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again.As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever.Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never NOT_equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old.The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale.There is no NOT_other way to NOT_describe this NOT_genuinely NOT_funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
FAIR Whether you consider it a smart thriller or a paint-by-numbers spy caper, The Bourne Identity is a dynamic interpretation of Robert Ludlum's bestselling novel.
GOOD Violent but thrilling first of the Bourne action trilogy.
GOOD A suspenseful thriller that showcases stunning visuals, great acting and a story that will keep you entertained from start to finish.
GOOD This is a long sweet breath of fresh air in the action genre...
GOOD Farfetched plotting nearly capsizes this globe-trotting thriller but director Doug Liman certainly keeps the international intrigue and testosterone flowing at an entertaining clip.
FAIR The movie is about muscular speed and skill, and that's all it's about.Like its hero, it's blank by design.
GOOD For once, a sequel would be welcome.
GOOD Plenty of very cool fight scenes, edited such that although they are fast-paced, you can actually see what's happening.
BAD One of the many problems, other than Damon's lack of emotion, is the fact that there's no suspense.
GOOD Liman can uncork leap-out-of-your-seat shocks, draw out suspense scenes with malicious finesse and even ease a touch of romance and droll humor into the yarn.
FAIR All the style cannot make up for the flagging energy level of the narrative.
FAIR ... With its script problems, it's probably better than it should be ...
BAD Typical light summer fare.
GOOD As cenas de acao sao otimas e ha boa quimica entre Damon e Potente.O roteiro tambem e instigante, embora nao totalmente satisfatorio.
FAIR It's a really safe bet that Damon will be Bourne again.
GOOD The Bourne Identity is about as effective a thriller as you could want, especially if you don't NOT_want to NOT_think NOT_too hard.
FAIR Fast, thrilling and everything that James Bond no NOT_longer is.
FAIR 'A new action hero is Bourne.'As incredibly cheesy and precious that advertising tag line for The Bourne Identity is, there's no NOT_discounting the truth it NOT_does NOT_hold.
GOOD Matt Damon's an amnesiac secret agent on the run in this immensely satisfying and engagingly direct thriller.
GOOD Buen thriller de espias con una gran cantidad de accion, pero desgraciadamente con otra buena de dosis de huecos en el guion.
GOOD In short, The Bourne Identity is an excellent thriller and is well-worth checking out.
FAIR The movie may not NOT_be NOT_realistic, but it earns its stripes as high-class escapist fare.
BAD The Bourne Identity is a blockbuster without a point... Despite its good-looking veneer, its breakneck pace, its daisy-chain of expert set-pieces, some crucial logic or motive appears to have been junked along the way.
FAIR ...a passable effort that receives plenty of mileage out of Damon's expectedly engaging performance...
FAIR A fast-paced, unpredictable and edgy yarn that breathes new life into the espionage thriller genre.
FAIR The Bourne Identity is no NOT_mere summer amusement park ride.It's as gray as Go was colorful and a cool contrast to its source material.
FAIR Twists and turns keep the story increasingly complex and gripping, even if director Liman doesn't NOT_really NOT_pump up the adrenaline.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful.And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions.Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no NOT_internal logic.It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster.Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't NOT_have NOT_much NOT_else to NOT_offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit.Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy!Mommy!Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't NOT_really NOT_saying a NOT_whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR One of Seagal's better actioners...entertaining
BAD Even Seagal's "best" movie is unwatchably bad.
FAIR Men in Black, running a breezy 98 minutes, is a showpiece of laconic economy.It's quick, eccentric and deadly funny and for many young movie-goers it's likely to be a close encounter they'll want to see a second and third time.
GOOD A lean, punchy, fast paced, and extremely endearing sci-fi action comedy.
FAIR Men in Black is moderately amusing, well-constructed and mercifully short, but it fails to deliver on the zaniness of its first half.
GOOD Great special effects, inventive alien designs and Smith and Jones's hip, hilarious double act make director Barry Sonnenfeld's Lethal Weapon-style buddy picture a fast-paced pleasure.
GOOD There's a playfulness, here, that you don't NOT_often NOT_find in a NOT_special-effect flick.
FAIR [A] hilarious comedy, directed with boisterous wit by Barry Sonnenfeld.
GOOD A smart, funny and hip adventure film in a summer of car wrecks and explosions.
BAD Offensively bad? No.But it's never NOT_been anything NOT_more than a NOT_promising NOT_wasted opportunity.
FAIR ...an affable (yet somewhat forgettable) bit of escapist entertainment.
GOOD "Men in Black" still holds up after 15 years.It's as fun, funky, and edgy now as it was in 1997, and HD breathes even more life into it.
GOOD Lots of fun, but too scary for some kids.
FAIR What [it] lacks in depth, it makes up for with an infectious childlike enthusiasm for its zany premise.
FAIR Just a collection of sketches in which Jones and Smith run into farcical E.T.s.
FAIR Cool hot-weather fun -- this will be the one to beat right through the dog days of summer.
GOOD Will Smith, the only spark of life in Independence Day, now is allowed to shine in brighter, smarter material.
BAD The plot is paper-thin, characters are one-dimensional and even the protagonists' one-liners are forgettable.
FAIR Fortunately, the cast's one-dimensional performances and deadpan delivery of funny dialogue actually enhance the humor.
FAIR As ragged as the humor is, there still are more hits than misses.
GOOD Though the story is pure cartoon, the movie is exceptionally smart and exceptionally well-paced.
FAIR Good old alien fun
BAD At times, it may succeed at manipulating you, but you won't NOT_like it.
GOOD At last, someone remembered how to make a good summer movie!
GOOD The result is a rich picture with a winning personality, as modest in theme as it is in style.
GOOD One of the most enjoyable films of the summer.
GOOD Fiendishly clever and visually nuts, MIB is what you'd get hybridizing Independence Day with The Addams Family.
FAIR This is a style-heavy, action-laden, wise-crack loaded 98-minutes of pretty decent fun.Men in Black is silly, simplistic and lightweight, but only the most uptight of viewers will hate it.
GOOD Sonnenfeld keeps it all bubbling along with a vibrant, comic book buzz.
BAD They certainly don't NOT_make them like this anymore.
GOOD Robert Flaherty's craftsmanship shows in one of his best Hollywood features.
FAIR Although it has not NOT_aged NOT_well, there NOT_is NOT_still a NOT_great deal of merit to the story, the style and the stars, and any young person cannot fail to love it.
FAIR The film moves leisurely, but with rare charm and visual interest.
FAIR Larger-than-life fighting in feature-length Rangers tale.
FAIR A lot more fun than you'd think; Freeman has a blast as the Play-Doh commanding villain
GOOD Great kids action movie.Kicks ass.
BAD Noisy and meant for children only.A bored grown-up's only consolation is that the Rangers' popularity has probably peaked, and the next kiddie phenomenon must be on the way.Don't even think about what it will cost.
BAD While it has some great special effects and some decent fight scenes, it also has some incredibly bad costumes and some really cheap-looking special effects.
GOOD Brings the popular TV series to the screen with a barrage of spectacular special effects, a slew of fantastic monsters, a ferociously funny villain -- and, most important, a refreshing lack of pretentiousness.
BAD These are the same performers who appear on the TV show, and you get the feeling this has become more than a meal ticket for them.Hokey dialogue is invested with an intensity that takes you out of the movie and into the psyches of the actors.
BAD If there was ever a script, it seems to have been left behind while everyone went on location.
BAD Nothing more than an expanded typical Power Ranger episode ... [But my 6-year-old LOVED it.]
BAD What depresses me inutterably is that children, who are fresh and inquisitive, will go to this movie and, for 88 minutes, the movie will do what it can to deaden their imaginations.
BAD It does deliver the cheesy sci-fi goods for fans of the colorful television show, even if it's not NOT_likely to NOT_win any NOT_new converts.
FAIR Young fans of the six squeaky-clean super teens can look forward to an effects-loaded, energetic adventure that powers up martial-arts acrobatics as it cuts the cheesiness.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well.Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie.It's not his style of NOT_fighting.He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick.The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
BAD ...apes much of what made Pulp Fiction such a big hit, without bothering to add in any original ideas.
FAIR Family drama pits tween boy against adult greed.
BAD ...rife with sequences that are either overlong or completely superfluous...
BAD Jaws is looking a bit long in the tooth these days.
BAD Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a NOT_bright idea for a film NOT_relying on suspense and tension.
BAD This is the one where the big rubber shark gets to attack an aircraft, but that's far from being the only silly thing about this preposterous fourth entry in the series.
BAD Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't NOT_get NOT_enough NOT_shark action to NOT_make up for it.
BAD Savagely dull, though at least it is tremendously incompetent as well, and thus marginally amusing, especially when the shark is actually onscreen.
BAD Poorly directed by Joseph Sargent, who relies heavily on blood and fast editing to create tension since there certainly isn't any NOT_written into the script.
BAD A ludicrous and laughable sequel that desecrates the name of a fantastic original.
BAD it's... amazing!
BAD Spielberg should never NOT_have NOT_sold the sequel rights
BAD A franchise sinks in this sequel's endless sea of incompetence.
BAD Okay, I'm sold.It's the worst sequel ever made.Yes, even including Batman and Robin.
BAD Spielberg should have sued for 'breach of earth-shattering stupidity'.
BAD The only jaws to watch out for in this film are yours, hitting the floor.
BAD Significantly worse than the rest of the series, this film is one of the worst bell-flops in recent cinema.
BAD The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them.Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not NOT_sure if anyone in this film NOT_actually NOT_acted alongside anyone NOT_else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't NOT_have the originality of the NOT_first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone NOT_is NOT_left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not NOT_much NOT_here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time.Now, not NOT_so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require.Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes.It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person NOT_is NOT_going to NOT_agree with me on this NOT_one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't NOT_anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting.He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance NOT_needed to NOT_lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages.Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again.Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um NOT_grupo de NOT_comediantes deste calibre se reunia em NOT_uma producao, NOT_o NOT_filme era um evento.Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles.Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never NOT_less than NOT_compelling, albeit in a queasy, NOT_troubling fashion.Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a NOT_dull watch, but it doesn't NOT_pack NOT_enough of an NOT_emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising.And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR Earnest coming-of-age film uses chess as a metaphor.
BAD It's really several Lassie episodes (without the collie) braided together to make one full-length picture.
FAIR Wild America often feels like a MMMBop-ish Hanson brothers music video redone for the Discovery Channel.
BAD Supposedly, Wild America is a family film, but I can't figure out which members of the family it's intended for.
FAIR Highly recommended for the SegaGenesis jocks in your household.
BAD There are good action sequences but it has been ham-fistedly cut for UK distribution.
FAIR Yen again proves one of the few martial artists equally adept with subtler emotional beats.
FAIR Dragon roars.
GOOD Chan's film may be derivative of plenty of other films (most notably David Cronenberg's A History of Violence) but it manages to keep things fresh and exciting.
GOOD Full of blistering action sequences worthy of the Shaw Brothers legacy.A treat for martial arts fans.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan's frenetic, high-kicking thriller runs a full 20 minutes shorter than it did at Cannes in 2011 and feels all the better for it.
GOOD Dragon delivers a few swift kicks and a barrage of bone crunching punches to the standard expectations of a remake.Dragon is a stunning display of martial arts action, mesmerizing detective work, and engaging performances.
GOOD Gracefully acted, brilliantly shot, and effortlessly combining both character study and superb butt kicking, Wu Xia is an excellent post-modern subgenre gem.
FAIR "Dragon" has enough interesting left turns in style, mood and psychodrama to make it stand out.
FAIR The movie hurtles along at a pitch of sentiment and melodrama that would make MGM blush, and it's mostly very diverting.
BAD As a whole, it does not NOT_quite NOT_work, NOT_especially at the end, when Mr. Chan NOT_tries for a NOT_Shakespearean climax of NOT_filial rebellion and paternal rage.
BAD The large canvas and pseudo-superhero tactics work for a bit, but then the action gets sidetracked in place of myth-building.
FAIR What it lacks in plot development, it gains in sheer momentum and an outstanding performance.
FAIR Hi-ya!-accentuated kung fu smackdowns make everything better.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan and Deonnie Yen Chan are too resourceful to let things remain dull for long.
BAD ...the film has been infused with a myriad of shamelessly over-the-top elements that inevitably become quite tough to take.
BAD Campy video game-derived action-fest.
BAD In its noisy, pointless way, Street Fighter does come close to the frenetic meandering of a video game scenario -- which is precisely the problem.
BAD well, video game movies all do suck
BAD OOOF!!!!!
FAIR Fun Van Damme silliness
BAD Offers an uneasy mix of off-the-wall farce and violent mayhem in its first half and then gives way to heavy-handed gunplay and a ridiculously high body count during its second half.
BAD Bizarre, surreal, and ultimately less engaging than playing Pong with a blind man...
GOOD Endlessly imitated but never NOT_rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's NOT_original space trilogy dresses up the NOT_timeless tale of NOT_good versus evil with NOT_ground-breaking NOT_special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
GOOD What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
GOOD Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
GOOD First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
GOOD Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
GOOD It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
GOOD So, is this the best film of all time?Certainly not.But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_seduced.
GOOD Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
GOOD One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
GOOD Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its NOT_mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
GOOD ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
GOOD The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
GOOD classic
GOOD Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
GOOD What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film.It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
GOOD Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not NOT_just a NOT_favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
GOOD I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
GOOD Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
GOOD Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
GOOD a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
GOOD It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't NOT_literally NOT_grown NOT_up on Star Wars and its sequels.
GOOD [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
GOOD George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
GOOD A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
GOOD A classic American tale!
GOOD Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
BAD For maximum entertainment, a movie can't afford to waste so much time being its own carnival barker, relentlessly trying to drum up interest.
FAIR Bolstered by a subtly funny supporting turn by Kevin Kline and a scenery-chewing performance by Kenneth Branagh, Smith carries the movie with his signature ease.
FAIR It will probably make buckets of money, but as this summer's action movie, Wild Wild West only gets mild.
BAD The script is remorselessly smutty, the one-liners are below average and the giant mechanical spider climax endlessly drawn out, but the wildly inventive gizmos give entertainment value and draw a shield over the numerous flaws.
BAD A hundred or so minutes of missable anti-entertainment.
BAD Handcuffed to this blockbuster of all blockbusters and sprawled in our reclining seats, we pass the time counting familiar scenes from other movies.
FAIR Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.
BAD As monoumentally stupid and aggressively anti-fun as the film's rancid reputation would have it be.
BAD ...a sporadically amusing yet disastrously overblown adaptation...
BAD Western action-comedy set in bordello; lots of gunfire.
BAD The gimmicky, light-hearted 1960s TV series comes to the screen as an ungainly, clanking, gooey box of eye candy, a vehicle for star Will Smith and special effects supervisor Eric Brevig.
BAD A film where the concept came first and the script -- and everything else -- seems to have finished a poor second.
BAD Sad, desperate attempt at quirky action/comedy.
BAD ...has style to spare, a few laughs and some imaginative touches.Also like 'Avengers' it has stars who look like they'd rather be somewhere else, a lack of verve and a script that takes the long road to nowhere.
BAD This is not NOT_so NOT_much a review as an inquiry into memory, as I NOT_attempt to NOT_recover the one NOT_tiny redeeming virtue.
BAD Wild Wild West is sadly a big disappointment considering the great team behind it.
BAD Terribly lame humour don't help.
FAIR I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
BAD If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
GOOD The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.
BAD So we have a light comedy full of racial slurs and cripple jokes where the hero hunts down the mass-murderer who killed his parents.
BAD Wild Wild West has six screenwriters and between them they couldn't come up with one good idea or one decent line of dialogue.
FAIR The plot and action are so preposterous that it's jarring when the movie tries to introduce serious business.
FAIR It makes for a satisfying summer moviegoing experience.
BAD Unappealing characters and a dumb story.Skip it.
FAIR ...a fluffy time-killer.
BAD After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not NOT_find its NOT_ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs NOT_discover it NOT_late some evening, NOT_long, NOT_long after sunset indeed.
FAIR As guilty pleasures go, this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar.It won't NOT_do you any NOT_good, but hey, it's a lot of fun.
BAD Beautiful to look at (particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek) and has a zippy energy, but there's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface.
BAD What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen.
BAD That's when most of us sleep.
BAD All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface.
BAD ...[a] hollow heist flick.Alas, After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest.Repeat after me...Paradise Lost.
BAD Spends so much time down Selma Hayek's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated.
FAIR Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting, and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring.Its pleasantness is its undoing.
FAIR Light-hearted, enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast.
BAD A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves, without any PC guilt, in its hedonistic enticements.
BAD Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings, there's little else that's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie.
BAD A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being.
BAD After the Sunset tries to be two different films.
BAD After the Sunset looks great and has good actors, but it generally fails at what it really wants to do.
FAIR Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs.This is a fun diversion film not to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_too seriously.
BAD The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue.
BAD A ho-hum heist flick.
BAD Finally, he has made a film that rises above mediocrity, though we can probably credit its mild, inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner's skill.
BAD Pretty sunsets, pretty people, and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you'll see in "After the Sunset."It's an average caper flick that's mostly for show.
BAD Comes across like a pinata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits.
BAD From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in "Dawn of the Dead," and maybe that would have been a better choice for him.
BAD Inoffensively asinine.
BAD Inane and a bit rote.
BAD Well, maybe they're just fine actors, but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic.
FAIR Basically, it's a 'cute' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front, and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater.
BAD It's not that NOT_great a picture, but it does what it's supposed to do and that's why you spend the bucks after all isn't it?
BAD in need of better characters, a better script, and a touch of evil
FAIR You've seen this movie many times before, but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless.
FAIR One shouldn't NOT_be NOT_too NOT_quick to NOT_put down this sort of NOT_efficient if NOT_generic filmmaking.[i]After the Sunset[/i] has modest goals, and achieves them.
BAD Truly, the best martial arts film about elephants yet made.
GOOD If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does, it would be the bestselling video game in history.
BAD Exactly like an elephant, mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement.
BAD Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script.
FAIR By the end you're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought.
FAIR The story is incoherent (possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original), but if you enjoy fight scenes, this is an eye-popping amazement...
BAD Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot.
FAIR Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films.So no one should NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_see his name in the credits of "The Protector," which he NOT_presents to American audiences.
BAD "Protector" is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes, and even the fights don't showcase Jaa's NOT_immense talent to NOT_full effect.
GOOD The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle.
FAIR Tony Jaa is a bad mother****er.
GOOD At least four stars' worth of guilty pleasure, and maybe more.
FAIR The editing is wildly haphazard, the story continuity is a mess, and some of the photography is just terrible, but I'll be darned if the movie isn't fun.
BAD These early fights, as goofy and inventive as they are, build up our goodwill toward Jaa, [but] the limb-breaking, tendon-severing finale dispels it.
FAIR Sadly, the production values don't NOT_do Jaa any favors
FAIR As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003's Ong-Bak: Thai Warrior, it's a whole lotta fun.
BAD ... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.
FAIR ... include[s] some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
BAD The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences.The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and 'presenter' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80.
BAD The Protector (aka Tom yum goong) is on a par with most Jackie Chan films, but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan's films so appealing.
FAIR Fun, violent, and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants, it isn't art, it NOT_isn't NOT_particularly NOT_skillful craft (outside of the fight scenes and RZA's aural contributions), but it's an awfully good time.
BAD The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector, a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak's 'You stole my village idol!' chopsocky chase picture.
FAIR All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior.He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.
FAIR A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting 'You stole my elephants!' in this infectious b-movie smack down.
BAD This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script, and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles.
FAIR An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture.
FAIR A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies, The Protector doesn't NOT_hold up to scrutiny if you're NOT_looking for a NOT_coherent story or powerhouse acting.
BAD Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak, but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality.
FAIR The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences.Perhaps next time we'll actually get to see the film he made.
BAD The resulting fights range from choppy, grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece.
BAD With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie, y'know, a little less Thai, director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited, badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding.
BAD The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
GOOD Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
GOOD Somewhat sad yet heartwarming film about orphaned animals.
BAD There's about forty minutes of story in this movie, with it stretched to 96 minutes by adding silly antics with the animals.
GOOD It's not about Bushido, it's about its representation.
FAIR Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai reveals yet another facet of this always-unpredictable filmmaker: a flair for compassionate, humane melodrama.
BAD Hara-Kiri may be a lesser Miike work, but it's still a (literally) gutsy exercise in prolonged narrative recursiveness.
FAIR Miike's remake is actually less intense than the original.
FAIR A quiet, narratively layered period drama with a focus squarely on character.
BAD Pointless 3D, and with the way the story was told, there were no surprises.It does however feature the most horrific suicide I've watched on film.
FAIR Miike can't seem to get enough of Hanshiro's heroics.That's not NOT_just NOT_visual excess, though.
FAIR The movie is tellingly named after the blunt, informal term for the ritual (hara-kiri means "cut belly") and effectively deglorifies these "honorable" ritual suicides.
BAD There are many more enlightening and entertaining films out there about ancient Japanese traditions that are far more deserving of your time.
FAIR A 3-D epic that, despite its title, is more of a soap opera than a swordplay thriller.
GOOD It's an indelible picture of a cold-hearted ruling class that has allowed self-interest and hypocrisy to override its own humanity.
FAIR Miike brings a formal, elegant restraint to his usual flair for wild theatrics.
FAIR More moving than shocking, it proceeds slowly and gracefully, and the few scenes of bloodshed are emotionally intense rather than showily sensational.
GOOD Miike turns the format's inherent limitations, especially the tendency toward visual murkiness, to his advantage, fully immersing us in a world suffused with moral and ethical rot.
BAD Takashi Miike lets his familiar tastelessness get the better of him, relishing the grisly seppuku-by-bamboo in unnecessary detail.
FAIR It wouldn't NOT_just NOT_be a NOT_bad pun to NOT_suggest that this film NOT_hits you in the gut.
GOOD It's far from perfection but those who are more interested in consideration than carnage might find that such dignified imperfection will do.
FAIR The camera moves with a grace and elegance that seems entirely appropriate to a picture so profoundly concerned with ritual.
GOOD This has the lineaments of a classic and would make a great double-bill with Miike's 1999 film Audition on the theme of revenge.
BAD Seek out Kobayashi's superior original instead.
FAIR A surprisingly subdued affair, [but] aficionados will still find enough sword-based shenanigans to keep them engrossed.
FAIR The 3D is completely redundant and the action sporadic but unexpected gearshifts provide plenty of narrative meat.
FAIR The closing reels make up a fight scene even Quentin Tarantino would have thought too one-sided for Uma and her second-hand yellow jumpsuit in Kill Bill.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not NOT_otherwise get.
GOOD Violent but cool martial arts movie.
BAD The constantly beaming monk is as good-natured as the script is mindless.
BAD It's painful to watch.
BAD Paul Hunter edits his action scenes so much that it's really difficult to see anything spectacular, and the special effects aren't anything to drool over.
FAIR The bottom line is, this qualifies as a guilty pleasure.
BAD Too much time is given over to the absolutely dire script.
BAD very childish, and just a little trashy.
BAD Chow Yun-Fat delivers stylish action and finally shows American audiences a sense of humor, but watching Stifler get his kung fu on is just a little too hard to swallow.
BAD An uneasy combination of self-help bromides, poorly edited fight sequences and music video-style flash.
BAD ...nonstop fighting, kicking, punching, and killing, with a dollop of juvenile humor thrown in.
FAIR If you're a fan of martial arts, and fancy an alternative to the heavy going comic adaptations ahead, then this is your bag.
FAIR In honor of Yun-Fat's Zen calm, let's say, 'Just because one has directed countless Mariah Carey videos does not NOT_mean one can NOT_film NOT_kung-fu, Lotus Blossom.'
BAD A film based on utterly tired and useless material.
BAD While some of the buddy sequences between Monk and Kar have a sweetness to them, as soon as Jade gets into the mix it turns sour.
BAD Bulletproof Monk proposes that the enlightenment of Tibetan monks can be sucked out of their heads by the same method that our collective energy is harnessed by the Matrix.Hmph.
BAD Add another martial-arts flick to the growing list of Matrix wannabes.
GOOD This story, while entertaining, is hardly bulletproof.
BAD If you've been waiting for The Raiders of the Lost Ark to be remade as a bad kung fu film, wait no NOT_longer.
FAIR It may be easy to say that I'll throw a bone to anything that even attempts to take traditional genre around interesting places.
BAD The decent stuff just outweighs the silliness factor to make an enjoyable piece of fun.
BAD Much like the music videos of director Paul Hunter, making his feature-film debut here, Bulletproof Monk is flashy, forgettable fluff.
FAIR The very teaming of Chow Yun-Fat and Seann William Scott suggested we were in for Dude, Where's My Monk? or Crouching Stoner, Hidden Dude; the fact that we got anything else is little short of miraculous.
BAD You dig special effects?See this but be ready for a generic plot.
BAD It's so bad there's no way it can't NOT_attract a cult NOT_following.
FAIR Not NOT_bad, but it has a combination of little things that - when added together - had the cumulative effect of dulling my enjoyment to the point that I was just ambivalent about it.
BAD Dude, where's my comic book?
BAD The presence of the star of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon also emphasizes the utter lack of elegance in Bulletproof Monk's enervating series of gravity-defying, heavily CGI-enhanced feats.
FAIR It's no NOT_mean feat to NOT_make a film this NOT_smart look so NOT_fluffy and stupid!
FAIR For all its kitsch Bulletproof Monk is simple, silly fun.
BAD Great title, but this martial-arts comedy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to it.
BAD So goofy it borders on camp.
BAD Garbage.
BAD A hackneyed comic-book adaptation made bearable by the still sparkling charm of Chow Yun-Fat.
FAIR The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
GOOD Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God.But its main thrust is friendship.
FAIR Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
BAD I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
FAIR A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
GOOD It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
BAD The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
FAIR sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
GOOD Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
FAIR Una pelicula entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la perdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginacion como valvula de escape.No es el tipico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho mas interesante que eso.
GOOD Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
FAIR A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
FAIR The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
FAIR daleko od eskapizma
FAIR ...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
FAIR I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
FAIR ...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
GOOD Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
FAIR Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
BAD [Full Review in Greek]
GOOD A magical tale that doesn't NOT_become maudlin when NOT_many films of its ilk could have.A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
GOOD Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
FAIR Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
FAIR It's not a film that need NOT_unduly NOT_trouble grown-ups.
BAD The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
FAIR Worth a look.
GOOD Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
GOOD Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
BAD Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
FAIR It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
FAIR An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
GOOD A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
FAIR Old-time gladiator epic, and all the sweatiness that implies.
BAD Bad cop.Worse movie.
BAD ...if a movie like this is missing the gore, what's the point?
GOOD "Aguirre, The Wrath of God" leaves you feeling as if you are watching a documentary rather than a fictionalized drama.In some ways, what you are seeing is nothing short of the absolute truth.
GOOD Idiosyncratic visionaries don't NOT_come any NOT_more NOT_idiosyncratic or visionary than Werner Herzog.
GOOD The whole movie merges landscapes and character with such force that, once seen, you never NOT_forget it.
GOOD Herzog's vision of man disregarding nature and bringing about his inevitable demise is an intoxicating one, and one that demands to be revisited through this wonderfully restored print.
GOOD It looks more magnificent and mad than ever, one of the great folies de grandeur of 1970s cinema, an expeditionary Conradian nightmare like Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
GOOD A journey down river to the mouth of Hell, but also so much more.
GOOD Made for buttons, it's an awesome feat of filmmaking.
GOOD A classic that screams to be seen on the big screen.
GOOD This 1972 German film eschews narrative for hallucinatory images and long takes that plunge you into the whirlpool of the main character's madness.It's less storytelling than a visually disturbing fever dream.
GOOD Potheads who watch this will probably check their stash the next morning to see if any of it's gone.
GOOD A seminal film without which we almost cerainly would not NOT_have with us either Apocalypse Now or much of the ouevre of Terence Malick.
GOOD A saga of adventurers driven headlong into annihilation by their own hubris and desire for immortality.
GOOD One of the best films ever made.
GOOD It's a testament to the genius of Aguirre: The Wrath of God that its genesis has spawned its own creation mythology.
GOOD Extraordinary adventure in the Andean jungles
GOOD One of the pre-eminent achievements in world cinema, as far as I'm concerned.
GOOD This is a splendid and haunting work.
GOOD Features one of the strangest and most impressive performances in film history.
GOOD Quiet and atmospheric, creepy and grisly, drenched in both equatorial sunshine and scarlet blood -- the film is startlingly powerful as it subtly examines themes of imperialism, corporate greed and ultimately personal madness.
GOOD Herzog's finest film...one of the great, mad visions of cinema.
GOOD The powerful and near demonic screen presence of Klaus Kinski, combined with the very real danger of the nature that surrounds him and Herzog's gift for making every shot count, is quite remarkable.
GOOD a film of great power and raw brutality
GOOD One of the great haunting visions of the cinema.
GOOD It's a truly amazing movie, an epic made from genius, stubbornness, and madness.
GOOD A stunning, terrifying exploration of human obsession descending into madness.
BAD It drags its feet until its feet are bleeding stumps.Save yourself.
BAD An overlong ordeal, devoid of excitement and intrigue.
GOOD Transformers: Dark Of The Moon is one of the best blockbuster I've seen in years.No other action film can compare to what is undoubtedly Michael Bay's magnum opus, this is the film to beat this summer!
FAIR By a thin margin, the best film in the series.Funnier.But that's not NOT_saying much.
BAD Easily transformed into the worst summer blockbuster of the year.
GOOD Despite an over-long and underwhelming build-up, the final hour of Dark of the Moon is an all-out action fest with some of the coolest visuals ever put to film.
FAIR If you like mindless spectacle, this is undoubtedly the frontrunner so far this year.
BAD [Bay], having seemingly learned nothing from the last film, allows just about all of the same mistakes to be made yet again.
BAD Intensely juvenile, casually sexist, and blatantly stupid in ways that few if any over the age of "T for Teen" or bereft of a Y chromosome could enjoy.[3D Blu-ray]
FAIR Remarkable action set pieces and stunning effects, but this third outing of Transformers is sometimes just as clunky and irritating as the second.
BAD ...it takes a certain talent to create as much action as Bay does without generating an ounce of excitement.
FAIR Transformers 3 is the archetype of a summer blockbuster-all explosions and chest-swelling bravado and snarky sidekicks and big guns and hot chicks and hero shots.
FAIR Better than the second film in the franchise, this film is still as hollow and unimportant as its predecessor.
BAD Michael Bay's latest adolescent fantasy for grown men is a moderate improvement over both of its predecessors, which is about the best thing it has going for it.
BAD The Transformers series comes to a merciful close with this hopelessly anticlimactic installment that is, as expected, just as underwhelming and unwatchable as its predecessors...
FAIR Once the film stops trying to endear you to Shia's employment and girlfriend problems, the meaningless destruction and mayhem does have a measure of entertainment value.
BAD Motion Sickness Nightmare
BAD The inexplicable, unwieldy narrative staggers with its brazen incomprehensibility as it clambers forward.
BAD If you're eager to experience this slow-motion collision of state-of-the-art virtual reality, military melodrama, soft-core porn and cartoon, you probably already have.
FAIR Surprisingly coherent and entertaining.
BAD Transformers...mucking up my eyes...Transformers...robots I despise!
BAD Seeing the new Transformers movie was a little like agreeing to go on one more date with someone who has hurt your feelings twice already.
BAD The film's bigger, longer, louder battles don't NOT_create NOT_more excitement.
BAD The most obnoxious, noisy, tedious, ugly waste of film this year.
BAD I quite liked the first film in this series but this one lacks heart, it is just two hours of major destruction.
BAD While technically impressive, Bay still can't make a truly entertaining Transformers movie.
BAD Didn't inform, reform or transform me.It was just a lot of explosions and noise signifying nothing.But for those who like that sort of thing it was perfect.
BAD Megan Fox is the lucky one; whether she quit or was fired, she's well out of this.
BAD It starts loud and just pounds along, and rather than the pulse-pounding adrenaline rush intended, a stultifying action fatigue quickly sets in.
FAIR Hews to The Rule of Three ... darker in tone, more frenetic, assumes insider knowledge on the part of series aficionados, and, most importantly, it ups the ante in sophisticated CG battle effects.
BAD Director Michael Bay's latest foray into endless, vapid dissonance is Transformers: Dark of the Moon.This time out we sit through 2 1/2 hours of CGI -- complete godawful inanity.The last hour is not NOT_equal to what animator Chuck Jones NOT_did in a minute.
FAIR There's no doubt it could NOT_have NOT_been NOT_much worse.It could have been Transformers 2.
BAD John Malkovich saves Dark of the Moon, the Transformers franchise, and the very concept of the effects-driven summer movie, but he is sadly only in the film for about ten minutes.
BAD Bay's fascistic tendencies aren't quite as pronounced as in the last installment, but there isn't anything this man NOT_won't NOT_do for the sake of NOT_arousing himself.
BAD More loud silliness.
FAIR Mindless escapist fare designed with the attention-deficit millennials in mind.
BAD Michael Bay's third "Transformers" installment in four years is a rambling mess of bastardized news reel footage, over-stylized CGI talking toy jousts, and light-hearted scenes with the comedic timing of Dick Cheney's pacemaker.
BAD Shinjuku Incident strains for social significance, but it is too timidly produced to risk depicting any recognizable reality.
BAD Try as he might, strut as he does toward climactic showdowns with ruthless adversaries, [Chan's] character remains an incongruous muddle.Same goes for the movie.
GOOD Exquisitely captures the vulnerability not NOT_only of NOT_youth, but of the male identity.
GOOD When you are an adventure-seeker stuck in that odd transition between early youth and adolescence, few movies resonate more than "Stand by Me."
GOOD Stand by Me is a small, quiet film that walks tall and resonates long after.
GOOD Rob Reiner's bucolic, nostalgic drama is widely agreed to be one of the most successful adaptations of a story by horror master Stephen King.
GOOD Shawshank aside, this is the best non-horror Stephen King adaptation of the bunch.
GOOD It stands, sweet and strong, ribald, outrageous and funny, like its heroes themselves -- a bit gamy around the edges, perhaps, but pure and fine clear through.It's one of those treasures absolutely not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
FAIR Stand by Me is a film of honorable ambitions severely compromised by a creeping show-biz phoniness.
GOOD Stand By Me is a sentimental film that works because of its unsentimental moments -- in particular, its sometimes embarassingly honest portrayal of what interests boys and how they talk about it.
GOOD Well-crafted coming-of-age tale, now best remembered as the cornerstone of River Phoenix's scant legacy.
FAIR ...a timeless coming-of-age drama.
GOOD A near-perfect coming-of-age story peppered with regret, pain, nostalgia and love.
GOOD Haunting coming-of-age drama; young River Phoenix's presence adds considerable poignancy
GOOD It transports you back, not to the 1950s, but to a time when, like Vern, you knew the important things in life.
GOOD Still powerful Reiner film with great kid actors.
BAD Rob Reiner's direction hammers in every obvious element in an obvious script.
BAD A lot of folks go in for this movie in a big way, but I have a hard time seeing past the cloying comedy and cliched white-guy sentimentality.
GOOD A solid coming of age story that actually improves upon its source material.
BAD Soggy with false sentiment.
GOOD A classic coming of age story with outstanding performances.
GOOD Okay coming of age story.About as solidly middle-brow as they come.
GOOD One of my favorite movies of all time.This film will never NOT_fade away.
FAIR Rob Reiner's tale of innocence warms the heart.
GOOD The most important film ever made about Friendship.The young cast are superb
GOOD Classic coming of age movie that stands the test of time.
GOOD An absorbing, touching examination of the loss of innocence that, despite occasionally drifting towards the sappy, undeniably deserves its place in the heart of a generation.
GOOD It's as effective in 2009 as it was upon its initial release, and the richness of its tapestry, densely woven from human emotions and character interaction, ensure it will never NOT_lose that relevance.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care NOT_less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no NOT_favors, demonstrating why NOT_live action NOT_trumps NOT_animation--at NOT_least when the NOT_digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action.It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph.Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not NOT_only NOT_significantly NOT_deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the NOT_most NOT_painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story.If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not NOT_terribly NOT_attractive in NOT_telling a story NOT_more NOT_suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your NOT_local library than the screens of your NOT_local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars.A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II.True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles.They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have.Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs.Jason Vs.Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't NOT_going to the NOT_top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not NOT_terrible by any means, NOT_just NOT_completely NOT_lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse.Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie.David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project.He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you NOT_are a Harry Potter fan to NOT_begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation.If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make this the NOT_best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling.(It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before.I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie.Bring back Steve Kloves!Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical.Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film.A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel.Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series.... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR It's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going...
BAD Despite fine performances, Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message.
BAD After centuries of raping Africa for its resources, now we exploit its misery for our amusement.
BAD Blood Diamond is a movie zircon.It doesn't NOT_cut glass, but it cuts plot, character, and credibility.It could be Hotel Rwanda, but instead it's Motel Deep-Six.
FAIR Yes, Blood Diamond is preachy, but it's a sermon we need to hear.
FAIR Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.
BAD Rambo for liberals
GOOD Exciting and compelling, but even more than that, it's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou.
FAIR Zwick's vision outpaces his narrative.
GOOD DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie.
BAD Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article.
GOOD Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography.
FAIR The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou.
FAIR a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
FAIR A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels.
GOOD This is the thinking man's thriller.You want in-depth background?Google it.
FAIR Some will dismiss it as "typical Hollywood", yet that isn't NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.In so many movies, destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths.But survival is a truth, too, and this film pays it often stirring witness.
FAIR It's DiCaprio's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show.
FAIR While there's some serious sag between the action scenes, this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller.
FAIR In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa, it's the former that wins.
FAIR Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio cannot disguise what is, essentially, an effective, if shallow, exposition of a hugely complex global issue.
BAD The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston.
BAD So bleak and depressing you will never NOT_look at a gemstone NOT_again without NOT_idly NOT_wondering how NOT_many lives it might NOT_have cost.
FAIR Not NOT_robust NOT_enough to NOT_deliver on its NOT_early promise.
GOOD If you can ignore Zwick's colonial bombast, Blood Diamond is quite a ride: a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence.
FAIR Slightly too long and not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_worthy as it NOT_thinks it NOT_is, this NOT_is NOT_still an entertaining, NOT_well NOT_acted thriller that NOT_manages to NOT_raise some NOT_important NOT_political issues in between the action sequences.
BAD It doesn't NOT_entirely NOT_evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of NOT_pure action by way of guns and planes, thrills and spills; but it hardly NOT_embraces the NOT_subject NOT_fully either.
FAIR Great performances, provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour.
GOOD in a storytelling strategy rare for [Zwick],we don't NOT_find ourselves NOT_laden with NOT_didactic demands, but, NOT_instead, NOT_swept up in an NOT_exciting NOT_narrative, NOT_free to NOT_process its NOT_moral equations on our NOT_own
GOOD ... Has a greater purpose, aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone.
GOOD Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror, character development and political activism to make "Blood Diamond" one of most important films to come along in a long time.
BAD Como film de accion y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos, pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de Africa suena frivola y demagogica.
FAIR Um filme bem intencionado que, alem de didatico, funciona como bom exemplar do genero "acao", embora se enfraqueca em funcao de equivocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados.
FAIR Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role.
BAD If ever there were a film that shouldn't end on a note of NOT_rhythmic clapping, this NOT_is it.What a mess.
BAD Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off, especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick's Blood Diamond.
FAIR It leaves a bitter aftertaste, but perhaps that couldn't be avoided.This isn't a feel-good affair.
FAIR The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter."What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
FAIR This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play.The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
BAD Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
FAIR It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't NOT_have them already.
FAIR That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
BAD Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes.Something in your heart breaks.Your childhood, perhaps?
FAIR ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
FAIR Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never NOT_really NOT_goes anywhere.Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
FAIR Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight.It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
BAD A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
BAD The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
BAD Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
GOOD A fun film with awesome visual design.I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic.Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
BAD For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
FAIR Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
BAD Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
BAD Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D.But grownups?Well, not this grownup, who NOT_is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
GOOD ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland.Kinda.
BAD A head trip into blunderland.
BAD Burton's personal stamp is missing.On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
BAD Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
FAIR Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
FAIR Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
BAD La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo.Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
BAD What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
BAD Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast.So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
BAD Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it.It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
GOOD This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
FAIR Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
FAIR Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never NOT_quite NOT_reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's NOT_immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
BAD Quite tiresome in the end.
FAIR I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement.The imagery is bold and ravishing.Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
BAD Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
BAD If this is what the future holds for both franchises, then today's youngsters are welcome to it.
BAD Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.
BAD In a word, repugnant.
BAD ...an utterly needless sequel that's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises...
BAD Too underlit to qualify as splatter, too bloodless to qualify as fun, too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style, AvP:R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness.
BAD Does Alien vs. Predator: Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise?Let's hope so
BAD i want more aliens fewer people!
BAD Well, there's not NOT_much to NOT_see here.And I mean that literally.
BAD Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant a mourir et de tres mauvais gout
BAD I'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never NOT_quite NOT_came NOT_together as a NOT_parallel arc beyond the NOT_clunky "They're all NOT_fighting NOT_personal wars" motif...
BAD Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness, and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could NOT_see the **** they NOT_were NOT_shooting.
BAD With a spike in the gore quotient, hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson's blood after the first AVP may be happy.Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check.
BAD The world's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on.
BAD A mindless distraction.
BAD This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms, but it still doesn't NOT_live up to its heritage.
BAD Fans deserve better.
BAD Scriptwriter Shane Salerno's dialogue is unspeakable, the visceral horror all too familiar, and the ideas distinctly second-hand.
BAD An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008.
BAD ...wastes no money on stars, no time on plot or character, and no lighting on the set...
BAD ... why not NOT_just NOT_film an NOT_intergalactic reality show where NOT_eager NOT_young predators can NOT_prove their worth for NOT_fabulous prizes by NOT_surviving 24 hours on the NOT_alien homeworld?
BAD The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings don't NOT_compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic.
BAD Fez com que eu percebesse que, de repente, estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode nao ser um destino tao horrivel como eu imaginava.Ao menos, eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta serie.
FAIR The film is competently executed, occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch, no matter whether you NOT_choose to NOT_laugh at or with it.
BAD Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title, it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all.
BAD Mean-spirited, gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause, who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers (in name at least).
BAD Left a bland aftertaste in my mind.
BAD A worse AVP film than the first one just couldn't be made.Except that, impossibly, it has.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a movie NOT_as NOT_much as it NOT_is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen.
BAD Indifference is the name of the game across the board, really.
BAD I can't say for sure what the 'Requiem' in the film's title refers to, though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series.
BAD Ho, ho, ho -- the joke's on anyone who pays to see this.
BAD Delivers what it promises and not NOT_much more.
BAD Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.
FAIR It may not NOT_be NOT_classic sci-fi like the NOT_original Alien, which it NOT_has in its DNA, but it's a perfectly respectable next step in the series.
BAD The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen.Then again, maybe that's for the best.
FAIR It's disposable fun, best summed up by Banner himself when asked how he feels during his transformation: "There's just too much noise... it's difficult to remember anything at all."
FAIR Norton makes for a wiry, curious Bruce Banner.But you can tell from the film's tedium-inducing smackdowns that a different philosophy prevailed: the artificial Zen of video-game playing.
FAIR A more satisfactory adaptation of the spirit of Stan Lee's Marvel character.
GOOD An impressive blockbuster that does exactly what it says.
FAIR Bloodier action than other comic book adventures.
BAD What's with the pants?How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?
BAD About halfway through The Incredible Hulk, Ed Norton (Bruce Banner) gets his hair cut.Hair is not the NOT_only thing that NOT_winds up on the cutting room floor.
BAD What Hulk smash most?Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.
BAD The film runs much more smoothly than Lee's arguably overstuffed take on the material, but it also cuts out anything that isn't NOT_purely surface.
FAIR Marvel's Hulk reboot delivers plenty of Hulk-based action and several fan-pleasing moments, though it's let down by an underwritten script.
FAIR This is everything a Hulk movie should be, and it's likely to become the surprise hit of the summer season.
BAD Rather than go to the trouble of crafting a dramatically satisfying conclusion, The Incredible Hulk" blows the audience off and takes the air out of its previous solid work by ending with what is essentially a shameless trailer for the next Marvel movie.
FAIR This is a broody, moody action movie that never NOT_quite NOT_gets the blood boiling.
GOOD Leterrier has achieved some of the best action sequences ever, but not at a NOT_human cost, which NOT_is NOT_really NOT_remarkable in a summer NOT_comic book blockbuster like this.
FAIR The film does stand on it's own two feet, thanks mainly to Norton who should have demanded having Banner run a little more, and Hulk smash a little less.
FAIR An improvement over the first Hulk feature, it is still a far cry from the qualify of work achieved with Iron Man.
FAIR To sum up, all the deeply ruminative dialogue you need here is: 'Box-office smash!' Still, thanks especially to Norton, this Hulk is credible.
FAIR In close-up the Hulk is more cartoonish than scary, but when he's ripping armed vehicles to shreds?Kewl.
FAIR [An] enjoyable aspects of the re-boot is that Norton's Bruce Banner seems so physically frail, that when he finally lets his inner beast out, the contrast is striking.
BAD The Hulk is one of Marvel Comics more unsuccessfully developed superheroes.He is more of a scared animal striking out at his tormentors rather than a thinking being that acts with a conscience.
FAIR But if you love crap it's what you might well want as you wait for the better movies of this summer to come.
FAIR Variety wins the day: You might see Hulk fighting in an airy green pasture or a nighttime metropolis, and the villains change and develop throughout the film, rendering it redundancy-free.
FAIR The Incredible Hulk is often loud, and it can be quite dumb, but it's certainly not NOT_bloated.
FAIR THE INCREDIBLE HULK is a darker and grimmer superhero film with a more tragic hero than we have seen of late from the Marvel films.
GOOD The movie is fun enough, and it satisfied me as a lifelong Hulk fan.
BAD It's okay, but I preferred Ang Lee's deep, yearning Hulk.Call me a sissy!
FAIR The movie is about as good as a dumb action flick with a pathetically computer-rendered monster could be.
FAIR Iron Man is easily superior to The Incredible Hulk.Tony Stark's wit, his flair, the way everything comes easily to him and he makes the ladies purr, are all the opposite of what Bruce Banner brings to the party.
GOOD One of the great monster movies, exciting and scary and sad all at once.
FAIR Contains a property-damaging clash-of-the-titans free-for-all of such intensity that in the pre-computer effects era it could have been visualized only in a cartoon or a comic book.
BAD The grand acting chops of Norton and Roth fall prey to action which is more noisy than memorable and fails to carry a script lacking in impact, depth and originality.
BAD This is just another case of special effects overwhelming an action film.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never NOT_quite NOT_connects than to Jonze NOT_actually NOT_meeting his NOT_grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a NOT_coming-of-age film.It's an end-of-innocence film.And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time.You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never NOT_having NOT_read the book, it must NOT_be NOT_better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying.It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't NOT_go NOT_expecting NOT_joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky...But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as NOT_easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never NOT_mind the NOT_little ones.This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never NOT_grew NOT_up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year.It's just a pity he didn't NOT_make it NOT_more NOT_accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun?The book was entrancing.The book deserved better.Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it.For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange.But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it.In fact, Wild Things...I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment.It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children.And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
GOOD The film might not NOT_be Tarantino's masterpiece but it is his most entertaining and exhilarating effort since Pulp Fiction.
FAIR If you really like movies, chances are you like Tarantino.And if you like Tarantino, chances are you'll like Inglourious Basterds.
BAD A failure so complete that it is infuriating as opposed to merely disappointing
FAIR [It] gets by on typical Tarantino gumption.
GOOD Tarantino's ensemble converses at length in basement taverns and cinema lobbies and war rooms, and the best exchanges are tricky, chesslike psycho-verbal games of subterfuge.
GOOD Vintage Tarantino returns to the big screen and he's brought all his trademark moves with him.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds is naughty, apocalyptic fun -- Tarantino's version of a war movie, with history rewritten to avenge the guilty in ways that satisfy his pop-art cinephilia.
FAIR This film isn't about World War II, it's about World War II movies, as NOT_gleefully NOT_recounted by a NOT_giddy kid who's NOT_eaten way NOT_too NOT_much sugar.
FAIR A work that is experimental, offbeat, and most distinctly of a unique voice is a welcome rarity.
FAIR It's a long but entertainingly showy melodrama full of cineaste jokes, tricksy wordplay and references to film-makers GW Pabst, Leni Riefenstahl and Sergio Leone.
GOOD For all its originality, this hall of mirrors is the closest Tarantino has come to making a film with old-fashioned, movie-movie appeal.
GOOD Although the actors are flawless, it is Tarantino whose name will go hand in hand with the film -- he is by the modern definition of the word an "auteur."
GOOD With Inglourious Basterds, he's managed to make a movie that will polarise more than ever; its lack of immediacy will frustrate casual audiences; its unfocused story will likely upset the QT hardcore.
GOOD There will be blood.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds not NOT_only NOT_knows that it NOT_is a NOT_fictional movie, but also that it is being watched by an audience, and herein lays its greatest achievement.
GOOD Dialogue is sharp, the imagery mesmerizing and both come together to create a wildly entertaining film.Impossible to watch without wanting to be a Basterd yourself.
GOOD WWII revamped Quentin Tarantino style, Inglourious Basterds succeeds as the ultimate fantasy revenge story, a Kill Hitler which stands as one the best works in the career of its influential filmmaker.
FAIR Tarantino is at times like a flamboyant, egomaniacal orchestra conductor, gesticulating wildly and turning to the audience to make sure we know that the show's about him.
FAIR Despite some of the scenes dragging on too long, Inglourious Basterds is still a lot of fun, altering history for the better as the Nazis feel the force of redemption.
GOOD Shows how most of us turn to film for both fantasy escape and an avenue to make the abstract past tangible, enough to even possibly, and powerfully, replace actual history.
GOOD Tarantino's World War II epic is both bloody and talky.
GOOD Tarantino's visual style and flare for the fantasy make for an intriguing and colorful World War II drama.
GOOD Un divertido disparate sobre tema serio que es, en definitiva, una celebracion y reivindicacion del cine como espectaculo.Gran trabajo del austriaco Christoph Waltz en el papel de Hans Landa.
FAIR Nao importando a qual genero pertencam ou que historia estejam contando, os filmes de Quentin Tarantino giram primordialmente em torno de duas coisas: o Cinema e o amor que o diretor sente por este.
GOOD Hitler is introduced in a cape like a comic-book villain, so moral relativism clearly isn't part of the plan.With its intentionally brash rewriting of history, Inglourious Basterds is what Quentin Tarantino's back-half of Grindhouse should've been.
FAIR Lame, but in a good way.
BAD How could an action-adventure film that cost $34 million, most of which clearly went into pyrotechnics, computerized special effects and scenic locations, end up looking cheap, silly and lifeless?
BAD This has got to be the worst franchise every created.
BAD There should have been only one!
BAD How tough could it be to make a "Highlander" that makes sense?
BAD One of those uninspired films that gave sequels such a bad name.
BAD They definitely don't NOT_come NOT_any NOT_worse than this.
BAD What it can't copy is the first movie's sense of surprise: we're never NOT_jolted by any of the sword fights NOT_here as we NOT_were with the NOT_original's broadsword battle in a carpark.
BAD If it wasn't NOT_set eight years NOT_later, no one would NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_know the difference (and of course, NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_mind the NOT_NOT_ultra-cheesy, NOT_NOT_low-budget NOT_NOT_special effects!).
BAD This is the end of the Highlander series, they say.Not an eon too soon.
BAD Mostly the film morphs into a block of dullness.
FAIR Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
FAIR This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
BAD Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
FAIR In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change.And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't NOT_come NOT_straight from the "arthouse" stable.
FAIR The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
GOOD Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never NOT_spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
GOOD Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
FAIR Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans.OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
BAD Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed.OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
BAD A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't NOT_really NOT_go anywhere.
GOOD ...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
FAIR Dujardin mantem um bom equilibrio no tom que NOT_confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transforma-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 e minimamente competente.
GOOD The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
FAIR The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre.Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not NOT_too NOT_far, but toward the loony.
FAIR While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it NOT_does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly.But the film never NOT_settles into a groove that NOT_feels NOT_comfortably NOT_paced.
BAD French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
FAIR There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
FAIR This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not NOT_entirely accurate.This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
BAD This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
FAIR A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
GOOD Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
FAIR [Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
FAIR Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
FAIR Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
FAIR Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though.He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
FAIR Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck.And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
BAD The film is a collection of not NOT_especially NOT_funny routines - with lots of NOT_homophobic jokes NOT_thrown in - that NOT_have NOT_been NOT_done to death in NOT_previous movies of this sort.
GOOD A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
BAD The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
GOOD Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
BAD [Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
FAIR As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
BAD Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never NOT_feel NOT_fresh, NOT_even when they're NOT_actually NOT_saying NOT_funny things.
GOOD Silly, but lots of fun for older teens.
FAIR The film is as clever as it is silly, more warmhearted than sentimental and just as irreverent as it is nostalgic.
GOOD Cartoonish but clever, with the bulk of the fun coming when Wilson's wry wit meets Stiller's impatient officiousness head-on.Sophomoric, yet probably the best of the recent TV retreads.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_politically NOT_correct, but you'd be hard pushed to find a single mean frame.
FAIR Todd Phillips strikes nostalgic gold, squeezing just enough comedy out of the buddy cop formula to keep it afloat during its brisk 95-minute runtime.
BAD Had the script actually had a direction it would've helped.
FAIR A pleasant diversion that vanishes from your mind right after you watch it.
BAD Though the gags aren't always funny, I usually had a smile on my face.
BAD People were laughing at my screening, but I couldn't understand what it was they were laughing at.
FAIR A humorous but ultimately unsatisfying comedy.
BAD This movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_deserve to NOT_stand NOT_next to the NOT_crummiest of Starsky and Hutch TV episodes.
FAIR ...inoffensive, sometimes charming, and often irritatingly dull.Its satirical jabs are aimed at easy targets, its jokes repetitious or redundant, its pacing a little slow.
GOOD Stiller e Wilson certamente ja provaram ser capazes de originarem uma franquia baseada nao em personagens, mas em suas proprias personalidades.
FAIR If you like Stiller and Wilson, you'll find enough to like about this film.If you don't, you can always just gawk at that awesome car.
GOOD If you never NOT_saw the TV show, you'll NOT_still NOT_laugh.
FAIR The film takes a bad but beloved 1970s TV series and transforms it into an experience of almost transcendent silliness.
BAD Would the producers please just get out of the way and let Todd Phillips direct the darn movie?
FAIR ...the movie doesn't NOT_take any of its material seriously-a NOT_big plus-and the alertness of the characters usually results in some scenes of hilarious comic value...
BAD Any resemblance between the original -- and fun! -- 1970's TV series and this in-name-only Todd Phillips's dud is entirely accidental.
GOOD If you're a fan from back in the day, seeing that Red and White-striped Gran Torino in action once again will have you leaving the theater with a grin on your face.
FAIR Big on potential, short on really big laughs, it's a buddy cop comedy which coasts on the charisma and chemistry of its stars.
GOOD Stiller and Wilson are perfectly cast and work beautifully together...
FAIR Many of the gags here are hit or miss, but Wilson and Stiller's unflappable charm and the obvious fun they're having translates into precious little witlessness.
FAIR Starsky and Hutch" did what it set out to do - make me laugh.
FAIR Something we seldom NOT_expect NOT_(or get) in the creatively bankrupt trend of adapting moldy old TV shows for the big screen: funny.
FAIR This is a gentle nod to the television series.
FAIR Phillips pushes for laughs more than the show did, but still manages a weird mix of comedy, serious crime fighting and irony inside the scariest fashion decade of all time.
FAIR There is a comic-book devouring, Playboy-stashing adolescent male heart thumping rather sweetly at the core of this homage-spoof.
FAIR Le film offre de nombreux moments amusants.
BAD "The movie's chronically flaccid humor is exceedingly tame and pointedly inoffensive."
BAD Tasteless, forced comedy just about killed the Zorro franchise for many years.
GOOD Very funny spoof with its heart in just the right place.
GOOD See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all.
GOOD Director Irvin Kershner's imaginative supervision of George Lucas's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension, adding a mature, philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects.
GOOD It's darker than the original, and perhaps less well structured, but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions.
GOOD The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.
GOOD O melhor de toda a serie, este episodio abraca o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiencia os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade.
GOOD Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like 'best ever.'
GOOD The most imaginative and emotionally connectable "Star Wars" film and, with the exception of "Revenge of the Sith," also the darkest.
GOOD The second act is very strong, cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han, Leia, Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire.And it's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit.
GOOD The best of the films.
GOOD Sci-fi cinema at its best.
GOOD Everything you loved about A New Hope and more.
GOOD ...the deepest, darkest, most mature, and most thoughtful entry in the series.
GOOD The best Star Wars movie, ever!
GOOD The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they aren't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures.
GOOD A darker, richer, and more elaborate film than the original.
GOOD The most interesting of the series
GOOD To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliche they don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.
GOOD Easily the best of the Star Wars saga, sad but thrilling.
GOOD It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films, on the big screen again.
GOOD In Empire, creator George Lucas' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack.
GOOD It's the best film of the series, and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made.
GOOD El Episodio V es el mas oscuro de la saga de Star Wars, pero tambien, el mas seductor.
GOOD By far the best part of the trilogy, Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre, with a reputation that can only grow and grow.
GOOD may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy, but it will always remain the stronges
GOOD A superior motion picture!
GOOD Colorful, exciting, witty and adventuresome!
GOOD The script again is imaginative and full of laughs.Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes.
GOOD It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end, one of the most visionary and inventive of all films.
BAD I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island.
BAD a dreary movie that is more about the body count than anything else.
BAD Absolutely pointless sequel without an ounce of creativity.
BAD Another unnecessary sequel; not NOT_up to the original.
BAD Paint-by-numbers sequel that will bore even fans of the original.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't NOT_just an NOT_ambitious cartoon; NOT_it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not NOT_miss this NOT_marvelously NOT_accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never NOT_less than NOT_breathtakingly NOT_beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths.Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the NOT_very NOT_young, The Princess Mononoke can NOT_be NOT_stunningly NOT_violent at times.But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR clever
BAD The movie reminded me of a trailer for a fantasy adventure, a highlights reel flashing by in pretty colors.
BAD Any dungeon master worth his 20-sided dice could have whipped up a better scenario.
FAIR Spends too much time being a game of Dungeons and Dragons instead of telling a story.
BAD Decepcionante por donde quiera que se le vea
BAD Most of the movie is underlit and dank, which serves to minimize the distinct cartoonishness of the many computer-generated digital effects.
BAD Dungeons and Dragons?More like dragging dung.
BAD This convoluted, sloppily made film looks like it was cut down from a four-hour length with a machete.
BAD Where is the bubonic plague when you need it?I wanted them all to die and the sooner, the better.
BAD This movie may be the clumsiest, most inept cinematic exploitation of an item with kid appeal that we have yet seen.
BAD The fight sequences are limp, the pace often drags, and the dramatic moments elicit more laughter than the comic ones.
BAD The Wayans role is a total cringe -- a cowardly and stupid nonstop talker who is easily manipulated by and wholly devoted to his mentally superior buddy.
BAD The disconnects are so strange that with a little more effort, they could have become a style.
BAD Seems to have been assembled from sword-and-sorcery cliches.
GOOD This is a big picture in love with our landscape as much as with the Sioux Indians who inhabit it.
GOOD [Dances With Wolves] is so evocative of the sweep and lyricism of the American West that it could be pegged as the cinematic equivalent of a Frederic Remington painting.
GOOD [Costner] makes it a true human story, portraying the range of emotions from tragedy to joy.
BAD The important issues raised by the film- centered on the cultural, racial and moral struggle that took place on the American frontier-are glossed over in favor of a juvenile fantasy of male bonding around the campfire.
FAIR In an age when most movies are made by people who used to shoot commercials or music videos, the panoramic vistas of Dances with Wolves are an enjoyable reminder of the potential of the big screen.
GOOD This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional.Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.
FAIR Dances With Wolves runs a fraction more than three hours but justifies its running time.
GOOD This is a marvel from beginning to end.
FAIR A slow-moving but well-acted western.
FAIR For all its worthiness and pictorial beauty, the narrative is damaged somewhat by Costner's over-cautious, sentimentalised portrait of the Sioux as early eco-warriors.
FAIR Costner went for broke with his large-scale, Panavision epic... [Blu-ray]
GOOD a nuanced and thoughtful portrayal of cultures both clashing and finding common ground
GOOD A masterful, painstakingly crafted adventure about the nature of acceptance, and the tragedy of human nature.
GOOD A grand, sweeping journey of the heart.
BAD The political correctness is so politically correct and sappy and sucky and conscience-appeasing and politically-pacifying and just generally brain-numbing
BAD An epic film that without its lead might have been better.
FAIR No one can NOT_doubt Kevin Costner's sincerity or vision.
FAIR Not a NOT_great film by any standard, this NOT_is a NOT_western for people who NOT_are NOT_completely NOT_ignorant about the genre.
FAIR Kevin Costner makes a good movie before falling into a pit of garbage.
GOOD engagingly personal epic
GOOD The beginning of the impressive revival of the western.
GOOD ...a literate script, gorgeous scenery, and fine acting combine to produce a poignant and inspiring cinematic experience.
FAIR Passable but overrated
GOOD Earnest, handsome, and frequently quite excellent.
GOOD Still enthrals with its sweeping direction, gentle humour and lack of pretension.
GOOD A simple story, magnificently told.
FAIR An old-fashioned movie with a smart, contemporary perspective.
GOOD This is a majestic requiem for a world that is gone.
GOOD It's a rousing adventure, a touching romance, and a stirring drama.
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a NOT_good sign when the NOT_special effects NOT_give NOT_more NOT_memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to NOT_love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept.And it's not NOT_even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not NOT_revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_much as I ought to NOT_have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs.Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth NOT_noting, unless one NOT_is NOT_noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans.But if you are not a fan, the NOT_"oh jeez" moments will NOT_far NOT_outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never NOT_confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with NOT_actual cinema as kids, so why NOT_are we NOT_doing NOT_so with this one?It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is.The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens.There are predators.They fight.What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
BAD The sort of flick that the lovable old MST3K boys would have dismissed as "way too easy."
FAIR Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
GOOD As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
GOOD The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
FAIR Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
FAIR I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
FAIR This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date.If he only had as much faith in his audience.
BAD It's really kind of ironic.The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock.Once he's learned better, we don't NOT_get NOT_enough time with him because the author's NOT_decided it NOT_was time to go.Oh, well.
FAIR It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
GOOD If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
GOOD An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball.Highly recommended.
GOOD The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear.He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
GOOD Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
GOOD An awesome movie.
FAIR Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not NOT_fulfill its promise.
FAIR Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago.Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas NOT_extremidades NOT_que deixam NOT_muito a desejar.
GOOD One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
GOOD Cast Away isn't the NOT_first to NOT_recognize our NOT_modern need for NOT_primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished.It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
BAD There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
FAIR Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
GOOD If I didn't NOT_know any NOT_better I'd NOT_say that this film NOT_was NOT_written in order for Tom Hanks to NOT_win NOT_yet another Academy Award.Yikes!He may pull it off.
FAIR Thank God there's no Friday.
FAIR I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
FAIR Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year.He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
FAIR ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball.And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
GOOD For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball.A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
GOOD A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
FAIR All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
FAIR Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
GOOD Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
FAIR it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't NOT_always a NOT_good idea.Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_make itself memorable.It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees.There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who NOT_have to NOT_sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't NOT_end up NOT_hating it NOT_as NOT_much as I NOT_thought I NOT_was NOT_going to during the NOT_first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never NOT_discovers NOT_new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre.But for The Weinsteins in animation?That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no NOT_new ground.But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
BAD Pitt is smiling, taking his shirt off, brushing his blond locks with his hands, striking poses against the picturesque scenery--in short, being Brad Pitt.
FAIR Part road picture, part epic, and part spiritual journey, Seven Years in Tibet is a beautiful film with a story so typical-yet-unusual that it could only have come from autobiography.
BAD A movie that makes molasses look fast.
FAIR Ainda tenho aquela sensacao de que poderia ter me emocionado muito com esta historia.
FAIR Pitt is no disgrace but is blown off the screen by a bright-eyed adolescent actor.
BAD Leaves one strangely unmoved.
BAD After more than an hour of solemn preparation, we get ... Brad Pitt showing a kid how to drive a car and work a radio.Wow.
FAIR One of the season's more substantial large-scale entertainments, using colorful storytelling and Pitt's appealing presence to spotlight an imperialistic event that continues to cry for correction.
FAIR Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
BAD I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
BAD It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
BAD Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptacao pavorosa por mancharem o nome da familia ao inclui-lo nos creditos iniciais.
BAD ...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
BAD ...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
BAD Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
BAD Everything about this production seems tired.
BAD True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
FAIR Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
FAIR All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't NOT_recommend it.But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
BAD The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
FAIR Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never NOT_runs out of gas.
FAIR You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
FAIR The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
FAIR ...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
BAD Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
BAD [a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare.It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't NOT_have the NOT_intended impact of a Jackie Chan NOT_animated chop to the head.
FAIR Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_classic as the novel.
FAIR This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
BAD This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
BAD Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
BAD A colorful disappointment.
BAD Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
BAD If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
FAIR A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
BAD ...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
BAD Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
BAD ...conviendra peut-etre aux tres jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
BAD Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
FAIR It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
FAIR Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader?This galaxy isn't NOT_far, NOT_far NOT_away NOT_enough!
BAD I can't think of anything more cringe-inducing than Seagal saying, in a strained would-be ghetto accent, 'We aight.'
BAD Seagal at his most minimal, saying and doing less in this film than in practically any film he's been in.Maybe it's for the best.
BAD ... satisfies neither NOT_intellectually nor viscerally.
BAD ...makes something retarded like Con Air look like an absolute action classic.And that's saying something.
BAD [Steven Seagal's] trademark limb-breaking is absent.
BAD It's quite slick, but Seagal's fans won't NOT_necessarily NOT_get what they NOT_paid for.
BAD Look upon his fleshy neck, his dodgy hair and his strangely puffy immobile face, ye pantywaist liberals, and tremble!
BAD Half Past Dead translated from Latin means 'Die Hard in a prison,' or so the filmmakers must have believed.
BAD Waaay too much like hard labour.
BAD Once upon a time Seagal's fighting made him look pretty deadly.These days he's looking way past dead.
BAD Here's yet another deafening, preposterous action movie created for extremely undemanding audiences that don't NOT_care about logic and coherence.
BAD The movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_work as a vehicle for Ja Rule, who's NOT_perfectly NOT_likable but gets lost in the hullabaloo of helicopter crashes, hostage negotiations, and assault weapons.
BAD Some of Seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures, but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot.
BAD t's obvious that Paul put more focus and energy into the film's visuals than into the story.
BAD If it's another regurgitated action movie you're after, there's no NOT_better film than Half Past Dead.
BAD I have no problem with the fact that [Seagal] NOT_doesn't NOT_use a NOT_Russian accent (Do they NOT_ever?), but he looks out of shape and tired.
BAD ... one of the worst prison movies made.
BAD Almost dead on arrival.
BAD [Seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's Razzie.
BAD Has not NOT_so NOT_much NOT_been NOT_written as assembled, Frankenstein-like, out of NOT_other, NOT_marginally NOT_better shoot-em-ups.
BAD Paul shamelessly guides his film through the motions, without any idea that what he is committing to film here is beyond played out.
BAD Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory.
BAD The film has all the depth and subtlety of a Stephen J. Cannell (who makes a cameo appearance) television series, aspiring no NOT_higher than an episode of The A-Team or Hunter.
BAD Remember when Steven Seagal made good action movies?I do.
FAIR Uneven and inconsistent, but still, very amusing, good shoot-'em-up fun.
FAIR I'm afraid you won't NOT_get through this NOT_frankly NOT_fantastical by-the-numbers NOT_B-flick with NOT_just a suspension of NOT_disbelief.Rather, you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief.
BAD First-time director Don Michael Paul can't make the action move, though he wisely keeps the lighting dark and murky so we can barely see whether withering star Seagal really can keep up.
BAD The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly NOT_over before it NOT_begins to NOT_fade from memory.
BAD Divertingly ridiculous, headbangingly noisy.
BAD When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit, I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout, 'Hey, Kool-Aid!'
BAD While action fans might find some of the fight sequences and related material to their non-discriminative liking, there's nothing here that you haven't seen or that's been done better before.
BAD About as weak a movie as can be made without actively trying.
BAD Bang! Zoom!It's actually pretty funny, but in all the wrong places.
BAD A rip-off twice removed, modeled after [Seagal's] earlier copycat Under Siege, sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph.More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some NOT_happy, NOT_kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an NOT_entire world NOT_is NOT_plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not NOT_only NOT_attempted the NOT_most NOT_ambitious film project in NOT_modern cinema history, he's NOT_pulled it off with a NOT_breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier.(Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here.The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail.The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults.It will be remembered because it places story above all else.And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
BAD A mediocre modern high seas pirate tale.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't NOT_do justice to the NOT_fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend.Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot.Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . .' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't NOT_need NOT_cheap tricks.First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
GOOD Nothing is overplayed, from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption, making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making.
GOOD You know, I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand, but he's rocking the shit in this one.
GOOD Beneath the heart-racing action, Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin.
GOOD While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle, the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery.
GOOD The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie, played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone.
GOOD The best action film so far this summer.
GOOD Um desfecho a altura do otimo padrao estabelecido pela trilogia, ainda surpreende gracas a uma inteligente estrutura que, brincando com a linha narrativa da serie, comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepcao.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber.
GOOD A significant achievement, held back but not NOT_much NOT_diminished by the NOT_unavoidable excesses of the genre.
GOOD two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
GOOD Ultimatum isn't NOT_just the NOT_best film of the franchise - NOT_it's the NOT_best action film of 2007.
GOOD It twists and turns without losing its footing, and its hero, an international man of mystery even to himself, is always ahead of the game, daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move.The trick is to try and keep up.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre, et surpasse meme, haut la main les standards de qualite deja tres eleves fixes par ses predecesseurs.
GOOD Don't NOT_get me wrong, I NOT_love these films.But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well.
GOOD Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster, grittier and more brutal
FAIR Como film de accion es excelente, pero todo sucede tan rapido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan facil (...) que en definitiva solo interesa por su tenso y energico despliegue fisico.
GOOD Because the Bourne films haven't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they aren't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard.
GOOD o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti (den) kaneis, kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_far and away this summer's best three-peat, it's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon's spy trilogy.
FAIR As badass as Bourne is, the film tends to forget it isn't Unbreakable.
FAIR The fast-paced nature of action films doesn't NOT_augment the sometimes-cliched narrative.
GOOD "The Bourne Ultimatum" is supreme entertainment.
GOOD It is exhilarating, and when it is over, you just want to get right back in line to ride it again.
FAIR A direct rebuke of the pro-torture "24," arguing that torture isn't NOT_just NOT_cruel to the tortured, but to those who are asked to torture.
GOOD It's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise, period...
FAIR As good as the first two films were, as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller, the third film falls victim to its own innovation.
GOOD Baby, he was Bourne to run.
GOOD ...a state of the art machine, all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
GOOD The fact that it's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre.
GOOD a satisfying conclusion...to this intelligent series
GOOD Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round, director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga.
BAD Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not NOT_worth NOT_telling ... the filmmaking NOT_is NOT_so NOT_hopelessly NOT_uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent NOT_is NOT_somehow NOT_not its NOT_most NOT_glaring flaw.
BAD As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
BAD Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
FAIR Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
BAD It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description.Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
BAD A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
GOOD Funny and poignant tale of two famous outlaws.
GOOD One of cinema's greatest ever advertisements for pure entertainment...
GOOD Although much of its freshness has faded, this still-amusing film reinvented the Western for a new generation.
BAD Looking at the film with a totally modern set of eyes, completely detached from the hype of Newman and Redford in the late 60s, I didn't NOT_find a connection to the movie.
GOOD One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never NOT_be another film that NOT_comes NOT_even NOT_close to NOT_exuding the NOT_same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.
GOOD iconic, American experience, a classic adventure tale, and a singular slice of late-'60s moviemaking that has never NOT_really NOT_been NOT_repeated
GOOD Note-perfect performances, a screenplay steeped in both nostalgia and a timely sense of insight, and anti-heroes you can't help but love: it's no surprise that the NOT_always NOT_re-watchable Butch And Sundance was once labelled the most likeable film ever made.
GOOD A charismatic, fun and ultimately poignant classic Western.
GOOD Possibly the most likable movie ever filmed.
BAD overrated western box office hit
GOOD Made like Cassidy's memorable fight with a fellow gang member: It gave true, old-fashioned Westerns a swift kick to the groin.
FAIR William Goldman's script is constantly too cute and never NOT_gets up the nerve, by God, to NOT_admit it's a Western.
GOOD One of the most popular, deservedly, westerns of them all.
GOOD An all-time classic, with Newman as his charming, roguish best and Redford exuding both sex appeal and danger.A whimsical Western that superbly blends actiion, humor and the power of myth making.
GOOD An archetype not NOT_yet NOT_surpassed.
FAIR This sharply written script is far more cute than I'd expected, but still a lot of fun.
FAIR Funny, sad, classic.
GOOD It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?
GOOD A classic in every sense of the word.Expert moviemaking.
GOOD What can I say?This is the father of all buddy pictures, against which most of them seem forced and derivative.
GOOD Paul Newman-Robert Redford Western is as great as you remember.
FAIR Stylish Hollywood entertainment, albeit unworthy of its near-mythical status.
GOOD It lost the Oscar for best picture that year to Midnight Cowboy, a film that I suspect most people will probably agree hasn't aged nearly as well.
GOOD Although Butch Cassidy wasn't the NOT_first movie to NOT_pair up a couple of NOT_wisecracking NOT_best friends in an action/adventure setting, this film NOT_became the model of how NOT_well that approach could NOT_work when NOT_done right.
GOOD In George Roy Hill's vision, the raw vitality of Peckinpah is replaced by a gentle amiability.
GOOD This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie.The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.
GOOD Girl-and-her-horse story with some peril might inspire kids.
GOOD A carefully choreographed devil's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil can't exist without good, but that evil often wins.This uniquely unsympathetic, world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth.
BAD The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing.
FAIR I'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol.
BAD This film fails so miserably don't NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_find yourself NOT_often rooting against the NOT_supposed NOT_good guy.
FAIR Lord of War has a surreal edge, despite being enmeshed in world events, with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout.
BAD Una pelicula frivola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el trafico de armas.Entretiene, pero como denuncia cinica se queda corta.
FAIR The movie's too flippant for good drama and not NOT_funny NOT_enough for satire, but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage's reptilian performance hold our interest.
FAIR Impressive performances, fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial, but in the end, it feels too much like an illustrated lecture.
FAIR Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here, substituting feverishness for character development...
FAIR The high point is Niccol's script, which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy.
GOOD This film entertained me throughout, but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers.
GOOD O anti-heroi complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar, de forma inventiva e fascinante, o mercado negro (abastecido por grandes governos) das armas de fogo.
GOOD An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy.
GOOD Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue.Sadly, there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth.
GOOD (Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing.He's that good.
FAIR Cage is perfectly cast and he's on top form here, subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky, off-kilter performances.
FAIR It's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they've been entertained or criminalized.
GOOD [W]hile the film is powered by a righteous anger, it is also very funny, stylish and daring.
GOOD Here's an interesting dramatic film that's looking for a demographic.
BAD Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.
FAIR A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure.
FAIR The approach to Yuri's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never NOT_break their poker NOT_faces in NOT_trying to NOT_make him any NOT_more or any less than what he actually is.
FAIR Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who's retreated into preachy speechifying.
FAIR An interesting study of an unrepentant louse.
GOOD Moral ambiguity has rarely NOT_been NOT_so NOT_well NOT_done on screen.
BAD Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never NOT_want to NOT_meet or spend two hours with in a theater.
GOOD This is Niccol's bravest movie to date, and it is an unquestionably brilliant work.
FAIR A great, bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time.
FAIR Cage blunts the film's message by his over-acting, turning it into a film that's not NOT_quite NOT_serious drama, NOT_not NOT_quite NOT_comedy, and not NOT_quite NOT_good.
FAIR a forgotten classic that holds a lot of nostalgia
FAIR There's a sunny feeling here that's impossible to deny: a warm, inviting tone unseen in more recent fare.
FAIR Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.
GOOD Magic-filled fantasy adventure for tweens and up.
BAD As a movie, it's a hell of a video game
GOOD It isn't without NOT_significant flaws, but overall an effective and memorable fantasy spectacle.
FAIR This is how I always figured the project got started: ILM called Ron, and said 'Ronnnnnnn, we're BORED.'
BAD Gad.
GOOD A sloppy and intermittently goofy flick, but it still holds enough charm, excitement and good humor to please quest fans.
BAD It works better as a portfolio for ILM techies than an example of such hoary entertainment standards as acting, screenwriting, plotting, and direction.
BAD Although the dragon is a fantastic early computer generated creation and must have cost a bundle to design, the film itself is too long, too slowly paced, and not NOT_very intelligent.
GOOD Grand escapism
FAIR ...high production values, elaborate sets, and gorgeous cinematography make it worth seeing at least once.Yet, I found in it no NOT_compelling reasons for a revisit.
FAIR At the story level, Willow is turgid and relentlessly predictable.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story?Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't NOT_just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical.Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not NOT_likely to NOT_find them NOT_very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk.But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not NOT_terribly NOT_witty, and definitely not adult-oriented.But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't NOT_go NOT_deep NOT_enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo.It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely.It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
FAIR A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
GOOD Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
GOOD As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
GOOD What more could you ask for in a sequel?
GOOD Um filme de espioes para adultos.
FAIR By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
GOOD A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
BAD Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to NOT_mention if you NOT_care about who NOT_is in jeopardy.
GOOD Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that NOT_puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
GOOD Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
FAIR Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
GOOD At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
BAD The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
GOOD Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not NOT_better than their NOT_earlier films.
FAIR Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
FAIR 'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no NOT_le pida mas'
GOOD I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
GOOD Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
GOOD A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
GOOD Bourne es un antiheroe, un hombre incomodo en su rol, un sicario amnesico atormentado por sus demonios.
GOOD (T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
GOOD Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
BAD This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
FAIR A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
GOOD Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy."A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
FAIR Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
GOOD Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
GOOD A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
FAIR If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't NOT_expect NOT_much NOT_more than that.
FAIR On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
GOOD conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
GOOD Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
GOOD Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't NOT_be NOT_surprised if you NOT_leave the movie NOT_sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't NOT_even NOT_notice that Batman's appearances NOT_are NOT_being NOT_saved NOT_only for NOT_special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way.In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's NOT_minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no NOT_puedes NOT_dejar NOT_pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny.But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton.The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece.From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning.Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not NOT_think 100 minutes NOT_is an NOT_awfully NOT_long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no NOT_great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not NOT_too NOT_serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless.But his movie has no pep.It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the NOT_nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't NOT_so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't NOT_have a story that NOT_does justice to the production.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not NOT_go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role.Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it.He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase.The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen.He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie.Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
BAD Let's cast a lot of cute boys as the James/Younger gang.In between hold-ups, they can bicker about who's the cutest and, oh yeah, they can take their shirts off a lot.
FAIR Silly western revisits Jesse James.
BAD Never NOT_mind that it's NOT_already NOT_been NOT_done NOT_before and better; it's never NOT_been NOT_done this pretty.
BAD ...instantly forgettable.
BAD Setting new standards in historical inaccuracy.
BAD At its best, American Outlaws is absurd; at its worst, it's tedious and laughable.
BAD Marks the second time that O'Quinn has been in Young Guns and Dalton in The Rocketeer, leading me to conclude that I've wasted too much of my life watching terrible movies.
BAD The kind of film that will have you throwing your popcorn at the screen in disgust.
BAD A film that can best be described as the "dumb version" of Young Guns 2, American Outlaws ranks among the year's most entertainingly insipid movies.
BAD The boys are buff, puppyish and impeccably barbered, ridin' and robbin' and shootin' with the frisky glee of youngsters blowing off some steam.
FAIR It has enough cute cowboys, shoot-outs, and romance to remind us how much we've missed seeing westerns.
BAD it's all so neat and clean and noble that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_earn its NOT_dubious NOT_PG-13 rating
BAD Truly, those who do not NOT_remember NOT_Young Guns NOT_are NOT_condemned to NOT_remake it.
BAD It's the Wild West re-visited as a galloping, formulaic date movie.
BAD So lifeless that it's enough to turn the Generation Y demographic off to the western genre completely.
BAD Lazy storytelling at its worst, so disposable it is likely to be forgotten before it even reaches the end.
BAD It makes a viewer feel like an investor in one of the banks Jesse James hit.
BAD There's no NOT_escaping the NOT_hackneyed plot or Mayfield's conventional hand.
BAD So brainless it's a wonder it can find its own ending.
BAD This plot leaves ample room for viewers to sweat the small stuff, like whether Trevor Nunn's score is more Marines ad or deodorant commercial.
BAD A youth-oriented action romp with minimal interest in the classic myth or real-life history.
FAIR Entertains the way a summer matinee movie should, with an agreeable blend of romance, action, humor, and a likeable cast.
BAD As a western, American Outlaws is an utter failure.As the basis of a Mad TV parody, it is an unintentional hoot.
BAD It would need only a drug casualty to turn into Behind the Music: Jesse James.
BAD It's history be damned in this cartoonish version.
FAIR ...an agreeable companion piece to its admittedly superior predecessor.
FAIR Waking up in the aftermath of a meth-lab explosion might be less disorienting than watching this.And if you think there's no room for NOT_more, Neveldine/Taylor NOT_are NOT_probably a weekend and a bag of crack-filled Pixie Stix away from proving you wrong.
FAIR See this f%$&*ing movie, mate.
FAIR Both exhilarating and exhausting, it falls just short of a fever pitch.
GOOD Click for full review
BAD ...just as sloppily caffeinated as before, with an extra layer of scummy race jokes.
BAD The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is.
BAD Adrenaline-propelled and outrageously offensive, it's a cinematic video game that's neither NOT_coherent nor credible.
BAD Grisly, gory, over-the-top action-parody isn't for kids.
GOOD What you really get here is the same movie all over again -- only more so.
FAIR The directing and writing team of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have between them a boundless imagination, constantly topping one absurdly overstated moment with another, even more absurd.
BAD So gross, brutal and just plain bad that I may never NOT_want to NOT_see another Jason Statham movie.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage is a real celebration of the phrase "Why not?".It's big, loud and brainless - and it's all the more glorious for it.
BAD Crank: High Voltage, starring Jason Statham as a man with a machine instead of a heart, is boorish, bigoted and borderline pornographic.
BAD The movie feels like a form of aversion therapy designed to take the fun out of dumb.
FAIR Better not NOT_operate any NOT_heavy machinery after an eyeful of Crank: High Voltage
GOOD If someone was charged with creating a graphic, bizarre cartoon for adults, that someone might conceive of 'Crank 2: High Voltage,' one of the most insanely outrageous movies ever made.
BAD This Crank sequel fails to live up to the original in every way and that one didn't NOT_exactly NOT_set a NOT_high bar to NOT_begin with.
BAD Like its predecessor, Crank: High Voltage is speedball cinema, a pure narcotized rush of blistering action, odious stereotypes, and shock-for-shock's-sake nastiness.
BAD It's so amped up that High Voltage suffers its own energy shortage well before the finale.It's also every bit as stupid as it sounds.
FAIR Not everyone NOT_has a taste for NOT_gun-wielding strippers and Godzilla parodies, but for those who do, Crank High Voltage is like a 1,000-volt shot to the heart.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage promises something outrageous and then over-delivers, permanently deflowering and deforming the mind of anyone lucky enough to be in the audience.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough NOT_here for me to NOT_recommend it without reservations to anyone outside of that NOT_narrow target audience.
BAD This movie is Tarantino on speed, and without focus and style.It is in-your-face and proud of it with no apologies.
BAD For all its ADD editing, it's a joyless slog.
BAD William Blake may have once stated "The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" but I'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the "Crank" films, he might have had second thoughts about that.
FAIR It knows what it is, almost mindless and totally kick-arse.In fact, it's my favorite of the Crankporter flicks.
BAD Watching this movie is like trying to survive on Red Bull and Skittles.It might keep you up for a little bit, but before too long, you'll just want to throw up.
GOOD Imagine a gonzo collaboration between Jean-Luc Godard, Michael Bay and Tex Avery on a weekend meth binge, and you begin to get an idea of what writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brad Taylor have up their sleeves.
GOOD Crank High Voltage delivers everything it promises -- if it were a politician, it'd have my vote.
FAIR if you're 14 to 18, hopped up on hormones, fresh off your daily dose of Ritalin, and ready to have your short attention span verbally and visually assaulted, you'll be in for a toxic trip.
FAIR It is as much influenced by Looney Toons cartoons and Russ Meyer movies as it is by the anarchic new wave of action films.And it was edited, apparently, by someone with ADD.
FAIR Brash, outrageously inane and chaotically crafty, Crank 2: High Voltage is unapologetic in its sheer penchant for graphic-induced ribaldry as its charismatic calling card.
FAIR The Stath is pretty much the most bankable name in action movies today, and his unhinged work in High Voltage, indulging in an explosion of murder and mayhem with gusto and glee, should certainly see him retain that title.
BAD There are many things to make fun of here.
BAD From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
BAD The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
BAD Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure?You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
BAD One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
BAD There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
BAD The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never NOT_generates NOT_enough tension NOT_due to NOT_preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
BAD Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time.It's not NOT_merely bad; it's NOT_unpleasant in a NOT_hostile way.
BAD Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
BAD There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
BAD If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
BAD A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
BAD Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
BAD Blame this mess on Travolta.
BAD If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
BAD The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
BAD This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
BAD AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS!IT BURNS!
BAD Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
BAD It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
BAD finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
BAD Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
BAD O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
GOOD ...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
GOOD Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
GOOD A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilizacao da narrativa sao facilmente constataveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
FAIR The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
GOOD The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
FAIR The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
BAD The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
GOOD First-class entertainment.
FAIR ...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
GOOD fantastic
GOOD The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
GOOD The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
FAIR Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics.And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
GOOD The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not NOT_drown out the NOT_human interest.
GOOD the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
BAD The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
BAD [Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
FAIR The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
FAIR Marvelous!
GOOD The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
GOOD Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
GOOD Harry Potter's adventures in wizard-land are cozy and comfortable in Chris Columbus' faithful adaptation.
GOOD This faithful rendition of the inaugural Potter book demonstrates that the franchise is in safe, sensible hands.
FAIR Slow, but it establishes the myth, the cast and the look.And it's holding up surprisingly well.
FAIR Although it suffers nominally from being over-stuffed and under-paced, it's grand and involving, with magnificent production design and special effects, and some fabulous thesps present and correct.
GOOD First Potter movie is a magical ride but also intense.
GOOD a fantastic beginning
FAIR Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Zoe Wanamaker and Maggie Smith, to name but a few, all put in an appearance and it is these old hands who are the best aspect of the film.
FAIR Suffering from too much fantasy over too little reality, Sorcerer's Stone sets Harry Potter up for a longer and fruitful career as a screen legend.
FAIR Because the film is so glossy, so flippant in its presentation of the world that author J.K. Rowling has spent her sizable novels dissecting, that I still don't NOT_have a NOT_good idea what all the fuss NOT_is NOT_about.
GOOD Even though a few of the book's scenes have been cut, fans probably couldn't hope for a better adaptation.It bodes well for the rest of the series, when strong stories start taking precedence over set-up.
GOOD I couldn't find one mis-step, one wrong move, or one disappointment in the transition from print to celluloid.
GOOD The special effects aren't overwhelming and the ideas aren't too far-fetched, but the story will reel in just about anybody.
GOOD A sense of loss accompanied my appreciation of the movie.The images created by my own imagination...will now be changed forever.
FAIR Though generally overrated, it's a good start to what will undoubtedly become an epic film franchise.
BAD A Xerox copy of the book, and a copy is never NOT_as NOT_good as the original.
GOOD Full of well-designed atmospheric charm, full of wondrous, expensive effects and mediocre-at-best acting, full of media hype and holiday-season merchandising opportunities.
GOOD Surefire crowd-pleaser, with a terrific, note-perfect cast and impressive use of special effects.
FAIR Faithful to book, film conjures up magical moments for fans to savor.
FAIR A superior, well crafted blockbuster for the whole family, but it's nowhere near as extraordinary as the hype surrounding it.
GOOD Sorcerer's Stone is that rare effort that successfully breathes cinematic life into a children's classic.
GOOD An admirable spectacle, a real thriller for the kids and the kid in all of us, but ... straightforward and workmanlike.
FAIR As directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film with no personality of its NOT_own, despite NOT_being NOT_filled with NOT_many NOT_unforgettable personalities.
GOOD A parte tecnica de Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal e impecavel.
FAIR ...certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never NOT_soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination.
FAIR Great fun, even if it's not a NOT_particularly NOT_good movie.
BAD At no point NOT_does this dual-timeline setup NOT_ever NOT_feel like one NOT_unified project -- the aesthetics of NOT_mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
FAIR I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
GOOD The surprise isn't NOT_spectacular set pieces, NOT_first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast.It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
FAIR Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
GOOD Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
GOOD X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
FAIR It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
BAD The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
GOOD Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
GOOD The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
FAIR Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
GOOD Here's the thing about comic book heroes.Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression...The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
FAIR If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_as NOT_good as this genre film that NOT_is NOT_full of both grandeur and fun.
GOOD It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
GOOD ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
GOOD A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
FAIR Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't NOT_take itself NOT_too NOT_seriously, and neither should its audience.
BAD This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
FAIR Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
FAIR If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
BAD I cannot recommend the film to anyone not NOT_firmly NOT_grounded in X-MEN lore
FAIR With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
GOOD In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
GOOD It lives.It breathes.It has a sense of humor.It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
FAIR the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
FAIR The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
FAIR It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker.If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
GOOD That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
FAIR Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
GOOD Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
FAIR A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
FAIR A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one.Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
GOOD Modern anti-heroes.Criminals with heart.And these guys are stinkin' funny.
BAD Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug.My choice for the worst film of 2004.
FAIR ...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
FAIR It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
BAD Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
BAD All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
BAD (...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
GOOD I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
BAD Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na propria diversao do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridiculo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
FAIR 'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
GOOD En el universo de un ladron, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
FAIR All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
BAD Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never NOT_feels NOT_fully NOT_fleshed.
BAD designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never NOT_quite catches
FAIR ...the banter feels authentic...
FAIR More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
FAIR All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve isn't NOT_much NOT_better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
FAIR Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie?Sure they are, but it works again.
FAIR Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
FAIR That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
FAIR This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
FAIR Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
FAIR It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
FAIR Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
FAIR The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . .taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
FAIR Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun.And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
BAD Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
FAIR A bit of a mess.But a fun mess.Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter.An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
BAD Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
FAIR The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story.Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
FAIR Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
BAD While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure, this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest (or something like that.)
BAD Steve Conrad's script is a jumbled farce, misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no NOT_real relevance to the story.
GOOD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see, and there's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it.
FAIR Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original (something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did, much to Thurber's annoyance), and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining, glossily photographed, globe-trotting romp,
FAIR A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects.
FAIR Somehow, out of a no-win situation, Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains and also provides a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration.
FAIR A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism.
GOOD ...a superior comedy/drama that's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated.
BAD This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season.
FAIR Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment, an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber's literary work (adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye.)
FAIR Walter Mitty has a big heart, and I like it for that.But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall.
BAD The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level.
FAIR 'The Secret Life of Walter Mitty' is not the NOT_old James Thurber NOT_short story NOT_brought to the NOT_big screen.It's important to make that clear.
BAD Iceland deserves an apology: The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation's locations, which provide the film with its only moments of distinction.
GOOD "MItty" a Magical Tribute to the Possible
FAIR For Ben Stiller it's a case of one step forward, two steps back, with the funny man's ambitious move into Oscar territory never NOT_quite NOT_reaching its NOT_full potential, NOT_even though moments of brilliance NOT_do NOT_pop up NOT_now and again.
GOOD I seriously love this movie.
FAIR Stiller has aimed high, and even if he hasn't made it to the top, the view is still pretty good from where he ended up.
FAIR This flight of fancy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_offer the feel NOT_good lift it NOT_seems to NOT_be NOT_aiming for, NOT_perhaps because its structure NOT_dictates that Walter NOT_spends NOT_too NOT_much time NOT_alone, but that's not to NOT_criticise NOT_Stiller's film NOT_too harshly.
FAIR One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness, this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers.
FAIR Rarely NOT_rises above NOT_greeting NOT_card-level NOT_would-be NOT_inspirational banality.
FAIR The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms.Given the elusive nature of those terms, it is, however, hard to tell for certain.
BAD It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place, and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes, the real-life scenes just lose their luster.
FAIR It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller's Mitty.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one, each jostling for position, each disliking the other.They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own.
GOOD This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not NOT_close to James Thurber's charming, classic short story but has a charm of its own.
BAD A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program.
GOOD This is Stiller's piece de resistance.
GOOD It's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder.
FAIR The phrase 'a Walter Mitty character' looks set to outlast everyone's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump.
BAD The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life's hustle and bustle, but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" NOT_is (1) a NOT_terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to.The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" NOT_is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' NOT_is a cheerier film than NOT_'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie NOT_is NOT_lovely to NOT_look at; it NOT_just NOT_hasn't NOT_much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land NOT_is one NOT_sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor.Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't NOT_grow up NOT_comes off like a shrill, NOT_obnoxious NOT_little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't NOT_really NOT_care.They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land NOT_is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land NOT_is NOT_much NOT_more P.C. than the NOT_original version NOT_(no NOT_more NOT_racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind NOT_sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_top itself, NOT_knock us over or dazzle critics.And Return to Never Land NOT_doesn't NOT_even NOT_try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR An absolutely absurd action extravaganza.It's doubly crazy, chaotic and all kinds of ridiculous fun.
BAD 'Machete Kills' is 'Spy Kids' Meets 'Moonraker'... with Blood.Machete Cortez is back... and so over-the-top, he literally floats away.
BAD An interminable bore.
BAD Guns and explosions aren't that exciting when the plot hasn't sucked you in, and lacking the imaginative, spunky spirit of the original, Machete Kills just feels so much more laboured.
BAD It's a questionable gig that may become an endearing one by 'Machete X: Machete Goes Hawaii.'
FAIR Loud, fun, ultra-violent sequel to Machete, with unsmiling crater-faced Danny Trejo as the Mexican hero slashing and slaughtering his way to justice.Director Robert Rodriguez does what all good, trashy sequels do, which is to deliver more of the same.
FAIR Multi-tasker Robert Rodriguez sequelises his Machete, originally a joke trailer in Grindhouse, and manages one of his most messy and (even for this sort of nonsense) ludicrous efforts.
FAIR Uncompromised in its goofy cartoon vision of an insane world that doesn't NOT_realize it's NOT_reached a state of NOT_post-apocalypse, NOT_even though the bombs NOT_have NOT_yet to NOT_fall.
BAD Machete don't text, but he does seem to have jumped a shark.The first film was great fun, but Machete Kills seems to have misunderstood its own joke.
FAIR Machete was arguably Rodriguez's best movie, but MACHETE KILLS -- while still passable -- comes nowhere close.
BAD Over the top in every area and making good actors look bad at every turn.
BAD The market has well and truly rejected the Machete franchise, as if it were salted toothpaste or phlegm-flavoured soda.
FAIR For those who enjoyed the surprise TV hit 'Sharknado' this summer and/or the original 'Machete,' here's 'Machete Kills,' a parody of old-time drive-in and generally sleazy movies that's a sequel to 'Machete' from a few years back.
BAD An obvious improvement over its virtually unwatchable predecessor...
BAD The film is often very funny, even though the pacing is extremely slack, wasting far too much time with pointless exposition and misogynistic smirking.
BAD Trivial and tedious...enough already!
FAIR If you liked the first film, chances are you'll have a good time with this one.(If you sit through the new Romeo & Juliet remake, it's easy to mistake Machete Kills for genius.)
BAD Machete does, indeed, kill.This time around, he also sucks.
BAD Machete Kills is a film in which style sardonically routs substance, a cloying gag built around the iconic quality of Trejo's matchlessly craggy face, which resembles a plate of sundried corned beef.
GOOD Basically, take a Screwy Squirrel cartoon, and replace the titular rodent with a unfailingly snarling Mexican.
BAD Not NOT_funny NOT_enough to NOT_be a comedy, NOT_not NOT_weighty NOT_enough to NOT_be a NOT_real B-movie thriller ...
BAD This ignores the first rule of proper B-movie exploitation cinema - that anything over 89 minutes is just excess baggage, of which Machete Kills has plenty.Still, at least it's authentic in one respect - the trailer is better than the film.
BAD Rodriguez seems to forget what the actual joke is behind the Machete franchise.
BAD Dull where it should be demented and reluctant when it should be raw.
BAD Of course Machete Kills is supposed to be "bad," but it's also supposed to be entertainingly dumb and loony - which is where it falls short.
BAD It's unfair to say Machete Kills is boring and stupid, but it flirts with both of those adjectives far too often to be considered a good movie.
BAD This movie skips the grindhouse era and goes straight for the meth house dynamic.
BAD Machete Kills plays like a joke that's been told a few times too often.
BAD The mind boggles, the stomach turns and the heart sinks.You have been warned.
BAD A self-aware exploitation picture that winks as it picks your pocket.
BAD When a celebrity chef like Rodriguez is just going through the motions, we can smell that the grindhouse fad is way past its expiration date.It's time to put a fork in it.
FAIR The decision to put a trailer for Machete Kills Again... in Space! at the beginning of the film might have been a mistake since that looks better than this one.
BAD Endless assault weapons, exploding helicopters, crashing cars and floors splattered with blood, limbs and entrails, all adding up to nothing.
BAD Machete kills, sure.Unfortunately, he overkills.
BAD Just don't NOT_expect a classic of American NOT_independent cinema.
BAD Machete Kills aims for 'so bad, it's good', but ends up just plain bad.
GOOD I found it to be an improvement over the original.The energy is higher, the action is crazier, and the humor is more evident.I had a hell of a good time with this.
FAIR It's not a NOT_bad story NOT_as NOT_far as it goes, and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... [but] no story, no matter how NOT_NOT_interesting, can't NOT_NOT_do without a NOT_NOT_little bit of the Hollywood treatment, and "The Hunting Party" suffers that in spades.
FAIR Features some truly outrageous events....But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
BAD There are a lot of movies that don't NOT_deliver on their promise.The Hunting Party is one of them.It's a disheartening disappointment.
GOOD Tense, funny, disturbing and touching from moment one.
FAIR The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending, leaving a lot of filler in the middle.
FAIR Gere has so much fun in his role it's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts.
BAD a very poor man's Three Kings, minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads.
BAD The magazine piece was convoluted at best, and writer-director Richard Shepard doesn't NOT_make things NOT_much clearer.
BAD Although the film initially plays like breezy fun, it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone.
GOOD ...the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that hasn't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone.
FAIR Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness, Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism.
BAD By the time the end credits roll, you're still not NOT_sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be, NOT_other than NOT_just NOT_queasy.
GOOD Writer-director Richard Shepard's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down.
BAD It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down.
BAD The Hunting Party is a complete bust, but the ways in which it fails are interesting.
BAD Set in postwar Bosnia, The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent.
FAIR The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film's vein of bleak humor refreshing.
FAIR ...it does make room for the latest, loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere's career.
BAD The Hunting Party has good aim, but just misses.
BAD When something seems too bizarre to be true, that's generally how it plays onscreen.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly 'normal' people doing seriously insane stuff.
FAIR On paper, there's no way that The Hunting Party should work.But onscreen, it defies the odds.
GOOD A spry, surprising and intelligent comedy.
FAIR If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy, any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor.
BAD The movie, based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation's most notorious war criminal, goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible.
FAIR It's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all; without them, The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot.
FAIR Immersed in cynicism and dark humour, this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters.
BAD wants to cover a lot of ground, but shortchanges most of it.
FAIR A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters, highlighting the absurdity of war.
FAIR Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
GOOD All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film's opening disclaimer: "Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true."
GOOD The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands.
FAIR ...plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda, with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
FAIR "Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
FAIR Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
BAD Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game.Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted.Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
BAD This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles.The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
BAD ...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
BAD The movie feels mediocre.It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
BAD Pijesak vremena nije film koji &#263;e gledateljima dugo ostati u sje&#263;anju, to i ne mora automatski zna&#269;iti da je lo
BAD All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure).[Blu-ray]
FAIR While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, NOT_it's NOT_also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of.My kids loved it.
FAIR The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
BAD Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
BAD Cliquez pour lire la critique...
FAIR It isn't that the film NOT_is NOT_bad, NOT_it's NOT_just that it's NOT_so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
BAD The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
BAD And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies?Yeesh.
BAD Hay en esta version cinematografica del video juego cierto espiritu clasico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones.Solo que El Principe de Persia dificilmente se convierta
BAD Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
FAIR Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
FAIR ... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
BAD I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters.Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
BAD Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
BAD Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal.Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
FAIR So comeca a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu obvio subtexto (politico) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridiculos personagens.
FAIR It plays too much like a video game.
BAD Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
BAD I don't NOT_understand how a film with a budget NOT_exceeding $150 million could NOT_only NOT_have NOT_mediocre NOT_special effects.
FAIR Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
FAIR It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot.Luckily, that doesn't NOT_happen NOT_too often.
BAD its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
FAIR Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
FAIR Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers.A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
BAD "Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
FAIR The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
FAIR Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times.Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not NOT_provide anything NOT_more than NOT_gaudy panoramas of a NOT_tropical palace to NOT_fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
FAIR You're so busy enjoying the sound and picture quality that you're inclined to forgive the film's missteps.
FAIR Thunderous, metallic, ominous, screeching sound effects add to the sensory perception that you're watching a megaton monster barreling toward a dramatic showdown.
FAIR This sort of thing by design devolves into two guys talking on a phone, which if it's got any chance of working requires strong actors to bring their characters to life.Which is probably where Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 succeeds best.
FAIR The fourth (and least effective) collaboration between Denzel Washington and Tony Scott...
FAIR When logic subsides, as alas it does, it is the sheer force of Washington's intensity and Travolta's elan that keeps the film on, ahem, track
FAIR If the trademark Scott gloss serves as a superficial hook, his also-adept manner of building tension and suspense then keeps one interested.
BAD It would be impossible to make a completely dull film of Godey's story, but Scott has succeeded in reducing it to an empty, mechanical spectacle.
FAIR Solid performances can't lift this picture above its own mediocrity, however.The plot is formulaic ... and the ending obvious.
BAD In yet another blander-than-bland remake of a classic film, flash-over-substance specialist Tony Scott takes Joseph Sargent's taut, 1974 action-thriller and processes it through the multiplex mulching machine.
BAD There was a reality to [the original film] that I think is missing from this.
FAIR If you've never NOT_seen the NOT_original, the NOT_new NOT_Taking of Pelham 123 will NOT_probably NOT_come across as an NOT_okay thriller, but if you have seen the original it's clear evidence as to why the movies aren't as good as they used to be.
FAIR Mechanical and unspirited, this is just another goddam remake, as they might say in the Big Apple.
FAIR When all is said and done, The Taking of Pelham 123 is a reliable, if unremarkable thriller that delivers what it must, and doesn't NOT_waste a moment NOT_doing so.
BAD Packed with enough rap music, nauseating camera jerks, speed shifts and freeze frames to almost, so nearly, convince us something interesting is occurring on screen.
FAIR Ultimately, this is not a NOT_great train-robbery film -- but hey, in the whole scheme of things, it's not a NOT_bad one, either.
FAIR Stays on track as an entertaining-enough suspense thriller featuring fine performances by Denzel Washington, John Travolta and James Gandolfini.
FAIR [It's]a popcorn movie, nothing more and nothing less.
FAIR Unlike Sargent, who trusted his story to provide the fireworks, Scott resorts to gimmicks: choppy editing, speeded-up footage that segues inexplicably into slo-mo, and pointless explosions of noise.Sometimes, less really is more.
BAD All sound and fury, devoid of any relevance or resonance.
FAIR This is a post-9/11 city: terrorism is suspected, the cops are over-armed and trigger happy.Why they don't NOT_shoot Ryder when they could NOT_is NOT_unexplained.
BAD Scott's style, all staccato edits and blurry panic, pays off in a few minor scenes, though it's a pity a sub-plot traffic accident has more impact than the main event.
BAD 'The Taking of Pelham 123' is not a NOT_bad film: it's NOT_ponderous and shallow, but always watchable.But what it crucially fails to do, especially in the light of its illustrious predecessor, is justify its own existence.
BAD Featuring good work from the dependable Denzel, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is hampered by hyper-kinetic visuals from Scott, an over-zealous turn from Travolta and a thoughtless script from Brian Helgeland.
FAIR The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is not a disaster by any means.For most of its running time, it's a slick, well-crafted piece of entertainment.But you can't help wondering just how good it might have been in the hands of a less self-advertising director.
FAIR Head-bangingly hyperactive as ever, action maestro Tony Scott appears to have upped his caffeine intake for this unexpectedly entertaining remake.
BAD The 2009 version, perhaps like New York itself, is flashier and far less gritty.The camerawork is busier, the effects are expensive, the colours louder.The soundtrack, a bastard mix of rocky techno and crude drum 'n' bass, recalls a car ad from 1996.
BAD Juvenile, hyperactive, obstreperous and obnoxious.
FAIR Scott does like his bells and whistles, substituting those for real atmosphere and sense of place.Fortunately that's not NOT_enough to NOT_completely NOT_wreck a serviceable thriller.
FAIR Now that all the summer's blockbusters have shot their load, there could be room in the market for this solidly entertaining thriller remake.But your life would hardly NOT_be NOT_impoverished if you NOT_skipped it.
FAIR The year's most surprisingly enjoyable pulse-racer.
FAIR For a good hour, Scott delivers a tense cat-and-mouser.Goes off track when Denzel turns action hero, but his riffing with a sinister Trav is what propels this Pelham.
FAIR The film thrills like a super-saturated fairground ride, but Scott ducks the question of post -9/11 terror, and fails to deliver on a metaphorical level.
FAIR It moves along at a decent pace but I'd have liked something more - but what exactly, I can't quite put my finger on.
FAIR The Taking Of Pelham 123 may not NOT_be up NOT_there with his NOT_best, but it's professional, fast-moving and holds the interest.It will pay a few bills, which is the only reason it exists.
GOOD Tony Scott has made a film that, for sheer fun and breathless tension, leaves the summer's other actioners parked in the sidings.
BAD There are shadows on top of shadows.It's the film noir universe, all right.What does the title refer to?Perhaps to what you will enjoy during the film.
BAD Well-directed with exquisite visuals, but suffers from an often dull, convoluted and confusing plot as well as too much style over substance.
BAD Easy on the eyes but brutal on the ears, The Perfect Sleep fuses Shakespearean tragedy and noir iconography into a strange, lovely, leaden ball of confusion.
BAD The disjointed story is no NOT_more NOT_comprehensible than The Big Sleep.Though Alter is no Howard Hawks and Pardoe and Sanchez are no Bogie and Bacall, this movie looks great.You won't nap through The NOT_Perfect Sleep.
FAIR Alter's film is a rare pleasure.
BAD The Perfect Sleep is an empty homage to a bygone genre.
BAD Style significantly trumps substance in The Perfect Sleep, a good-looking but convoluted homage to film noir, Russian literature and Shakespearean tragedy, among a few too many other things.
FAIR An undeniably odd mixture of 80% noir, 15% action, and 5% random homage.I dug it.
BAD The well-chosen supporting cast also deliver with especially sharp turns from Sanchez, Bauchau and Amendola who act this script as if it were Shakespeare.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no NOT_easy watching to NOT_be NOT_gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
FAIR A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
GOOD Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
GOOD Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
GOOD Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience.Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
GOOD ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
GOOD Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
GOOD Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not NOT_just because it's NOT_emotionally NOT_rich, but because it doesn't NOT_treat the MMA sport like a joke.
GOOD Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't NOT_want either fighter to lose.
FAIR One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
FAIR In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not NOT_wanted on this NOT_two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
FAIR Not NOT_far NOT_removed from its NOT_true-to-life counterpart 'The NOT_Fighter,' NOT_'Warrior' NOT_is about two men who NOT_decide to NOT_enter a NOT_mixed NOT_martial arts competition for two NOT_very NOT_different reasons.
GOOD A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
BAD This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
BAD Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't NOT_seem like NOT_such a pipe dream anymore.
GOOD Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
GOOD Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never NOT_submitting to life's beat downs.
FAIR Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
BAD Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
GOOD The film's great achievement is not in the way it NOT_manages to NOT_drop us NOT_suitably NOT_wimpy audience members NOT_right into a NOT_good ol' NOT_fashioned NOT_no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
GOOD A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
FAIR Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
FAIR Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
GOOD easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
FAIR Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing.Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
FAIR Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering.Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
FAIR Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
BAD Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
FAIR Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
GOOD Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
FAIR Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
FAIR Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not NOT_forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton NOT_makes an NOT_implausible character believeable.
GOOD Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
GOOD A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
FAIR This doesn't pack a punch like 'The NOT_Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
FAIR The point here is not the triumph of some NOT_hypothetical NOT_good guy; the point NOT_is the NOT_beating out of brains
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes.O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
BAD ...at least his robot butler was cool... at least cool for 1978.
BAD Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
FAIR If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
BAD Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not NOT_so NOT_much as NOT_engaging drama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
FAIR The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not NOT_always NOT_perfectly sharp.
FAIR The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
FAIR confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to NOT_know anything
FAIR This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
FAIR Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never NOT_properly NOT_feel the NOT_emotional punch.
FAIR If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't NOT_really NOT_need to NOT_see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
FAIR Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
FAIR A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
GOOD Nao ha como negar que os grandes viloes de Jogo de Poder nao se encontram no Afeganistao ou no NOT_NOT_Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
FAIR The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
BAD A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
GOOD It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
GOOD Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
BAD There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not NOT_allow me to NOT_recount them here.Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
GOOD Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
FAIR An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
BAD It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
FAIR The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
GOOD An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
FAIR Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
GOOD A fine political thriller.
FAIR Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
FAIR An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the cliches of the genre.
GOOD While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
BAD It's never NOT_clear whether Sean Penn NOT_is NOT_aware NOT_just how NOT_annoying his character NOT_is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
GOOD Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect.Great star turns, too.
FAIR In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
BAD ...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
GOOD Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human.A Great Political Flick
BAD An example of op-ed cinema.That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
FAIR A docudrama about a historic event that happened not NOT_long ago, NOT_'Fair Game' NOT_is the story NOT_not NOT_only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
FAIR An exceptional drama.
GOOD ...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
FAIR Respectable but rather soggy.
BAD If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
FAIR The movie looks great, with a moody use of shadows and darkness and dreary, lowdown locations.
BAD A stale adaptation of the classic Frank Miller comic.The film drowns in bad voice work and lacks the visual nuances found in the original story.
FAIR Batman: Year One adapts Frank Miller's tale with excellent animation and first-rate voice work from a talented cast, finding a nice balance between human moments and exciting action sequences.
FAIR Another 1990s domestic parable chastising workaholic dads, The River Wild also functions as a gorgeous travelogue and a Meryl Streep action film.
FAIR A buff Streep vs. bad guy Bacon on a wild river journey in which good acting overcomes several cliches.
FAIR corny but gripping
BAD Terrible "suspense" movie.Predictable and no action until the end.
GOOD It looks like an action movie, sounds like an action movie, but there's a lot more going on here.
FAIR The title promises more than the film delivers.
BAD Constructed from so many ideas, characters and situations recycled from other movies that all the way down the river I kept thinking: Been there.Done that.
FAIR The thriller framework is still familiar, but the results exhibit a welcome freshness.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
FAIR An almost prototypical example of a straight-to-video actioner...
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
GOOD One of the better Bonds; lots of cartoonish violence.
FAIR This is a nice, safe, Bond movie that is trying to please the masses.And it does work as a crowd pleaser.Not among the best Bond, but a solid debut for Brosnan and a worthy entry in the series.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_completely NOT_lay Bond's NOT_psychological complexities NOT_naked, NOT_cold and bare.But "GoldenEye" can hardly NOT_be NOT_faulted for NOT_occasional concessions to NOT_casual entertainment - NOT_especially with a NOT_superior villain, NOT_taut action and an all-time Bond girl.
GOOD A smash hit that brought Bond back to life in a great big enjoyable way.
FAIR Se acerta ao trazer um Bond mais amadurecido, amargurado e auto-consciente, peca terrivelmente por elementos que beiram o trash, como alguns efeitos visuais pavorosos e uma atuacao sensual, mas absurda, de Janssen.
GOOD This is the best bond movie since On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
FAIR Lean, dark and graceful, Brosnan wraps his perfectly calculated accent around all the standard phrases without making us hear quotation marks.
GOOD Fast and light.
GOOD Pierce is fantastic
FAIR ...a solid, sporadically electrifying entry in this ongoing series.
FAIR It's only slightly better than the movies of the last fifteen years or so, but that alone makes it worth seeing.License to Kill was so absolutely horrid, that I'm relieved to see an upswing.
FAIR Execs at MGM/UA can rest easy: the Bond franchise has been successfully salvaged.
BAD Instead of continuing as a comedy of thrills, Goldeneye rapidly disintegrates into an endless series of gratuitous explosions and suspense-free motor vehicle chases, each one louder and less interesting than its predecessor.
FAIR Pierce Brosnan turns in a fine performance, establishing himself as a fine heir to the Bond throne.The plotting isn't NOT_as NOT_solid as in the NOT_best Bond films, but this is still a good time.
BAD If we apply high standards we expect from classic Bond films, Goldeneye is a failure.
FAIR Supercharged with spectacular, thundering, brain-numbing fun.
BAD They have given James a new car here, but it's the same old vanity plate, the one that should read: Je Me Souviens.
GOOD A bold attempt to reinvent the character itself, one that tied in with the post-cold war era.
FAIR traditional enough to leave 007's character alone, but intelligent enough to deal with the fact that he is in new surroundings
BAD A reasonable facsimile more than any kind of original, and it's hard not to NOT_feel a NOT_certain weariness while NOT_watching it unfold.
FAIR It is Bond's encounters with various villains and his romantic interest -- and all those wild stunts -- that fans pay to see.And they won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Perhaps the best entry in the series since The Spy Who Loved Me.
FAIR Brosnan uses them well, slipping comfortably into the role of Bond.It's just unfortunate that his debut film couldn't have been more interesting.
FAIR Watching the film, I got caught up in the special effects and the neat stunts, and I observed with a certain satisfaction Bond's belated entry into a more modern world.
GOOD ...an eye and ear-pleasing, action-packed entry in the Bond series
FAIR It is every inch a James Bond story.
FAIR The exotic settings, fight scenes, and car chases are also good, and the supporting cast is admirable.
GOOD It's BS -- Babes and Stunts -- and that's where GoldenEye excels.
FAIR Goldeneye does not disappoint.
GOOD As stylish and sophisticated as ever.
BAD This is the first picture in the series that feels inert.
BAD Time to hang up the boxing gloves, ol' Rocky.
GOOD For the most part, the Rocky pictures have been outstanding entertainments, beautifully crafted and executed, and Rocky V is an important and worthwhile addition to the series.
FAIR Much-maligned but sporadically effective...
FAIR Goes the distance as a parable about what is really means to have heart.
FAIR A sloppy but good-natured reminder of just what it is that has kept Rocky Balboa afloat for 14 years.
BAD They should-a stopped at IV.
BAD Like watching some favourite relative die, Stallone subjects the viewer to a miserable and pathetic end for such an enduring character.
BAD Even Stallone seems to be sleepier than usual here.
BAD Third World Cop shows that Hollywood hackdom isn't that NOT_far NOT_removed from NOT_independent (and foreign) digital video posturing.
BAD ...proof that not NOT_just the Americans NOT_are NOT_capable of NOT_churning out NOT_cliched action flicks.
FAIR Best enjoyed as a sample of the state of the art circa 1925, not as a NOT_timeless masterpiece.
FAIR Yes, you'll also find the chariot race in here, and you may even find it as exciting or more exciting than the one Heston enacted.
FAIR Hokey by today's standards, but one of the greatest silent film spectacles.
GOOD Has merits not NOT_found in William Wyler's Oscar-laden 1959 remake.
BAD Battle in Seattle is a childish, ineffectively manipulative piece of self-serious agitprop about the four-day World Trade Organization meetings in 1999.
BAD Actor-turned-filmmaker Stuart Townsend would have been better off keeping things on a more modest scale.There are just too many characters here.
FAIR This is a powerful, wrenching and impressive writing and directing debut for the talented actor, definitely now a triple showbiz threat.
FAIR If current events hold, Battle in Seattle could look like prophecy as well as history.
FAIR The issue deserves a better sounding board than this.
BAD There is a monster in Battle in Seattle, but it never NOT_speaks and remains mysterious.
BAD Actor-turned writer-director Stuart Townsend makes great use of the documentary footage of the '99 Seattle WTO riots.And he gets across his talking points about this shadowy outfit, too.It's a shame his script and all his actor friends get in the way.
FAIR Very ambitious, the story constantly jumps back and forth, trying to give both sides of the story.I'll say it's mostly successful.
FAIR Braiding brief snippets of these automatically suspenseful storylines with archival video footage of the actual event, Townsend makes a good point that the thing just got away from all involved.
BAD It's easy to see why Townsend was attracted to this inherently dramatic situation, but the characters he's put on screen feel less like real people than like entities created to either make plot points or stand in for specific positions.
FAIR The film's default position is to always fall back on anti-capitalist rhetoric whenever dialogue and drama grow too banal.
BAD The chief culprits are Townsend's TV-movie characterizations and a very muddled message.
FAIR The result is not NOT_quite a documentary and not NOT_quite a drama, but interesting all the same.
BAD Cinema verite' filmed in an unabashedly one-sided, pro-demonstrator mode, this film fails to make the grade as either hard hitting documentary or staged narrative fiction
FAIR What the film lacks in artistry it makes up for in commitment.
BAD So measured and fair-minded that all the drama gets sucked out of it.
BAD The characters in Battle in Seattle are often crudely drawn, and the able actors struggle with canned lines.
BAD For all its speeches and scary graphics, Townsend's script fails to make it clear why we should care today.
BAD Less notable is the soap-ish plot, which leans heavily on coincidence and melodrama.
BAD It's like a class play by the Students for a Democratic Society.
BAD Boiled down to its minerals, Battle in Seattle feels a lot more like The Poseidon Adventure (1972) than a thorough examination of the moment.
BAD But a drama is only as convincing as its characters.The people awkwardly forced together in Battle in Seattle are rhetorical mouthpieces tied to the sketchy plotlines of a so-so Hollywood ensemble movie.
BAD puppet characters spout pabulum and orate to the skies
BAD ... will leave you slightly better informed than two hours spent staring at a wall.
FAIR Political ensemble drama is provocative, preachy.
FAIR A tense debut about the need for stern yet peaceful action when so many global frustrations are already primed to blow.
FAIR Three cheers for this prophetic political film about activists willing to take a stand against rich and powerful multinational corporations.
FAIR An ambitious directorial debut from Irish actor Stuart Townsend that does an impressive job recreating the 1999 protests that accompanied the World Trade Organization's arrival in Seattle.
BAD Fictionalized drama frustrates, rather than facilitates, understanding about the 1999 World Trade Organization (WTO) protests in Battle to Seattle.
FAIR Spy thriller mixes nonstop violence with pro-family message.
FAIR It's Ford and Patriot Games that made Jack Ryan a top-notch action hero and not NOT_just a NOT_capable CIA nerd.
FAIR Ford gives one of his most commanding performances outside of a Lucas production, establishing an action formula Ford would repeat...[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Not NOT_bad.Pretty intense ending.
FAIR E sempre bom ver um filme de acao que se preocupa em desenvolver seus personagens.
FAIR It ain't exactly saving the world, but Patriot Games's earnestness belies its ultimate simplicity and smallness.
GOOD Great Tom Clancy adaptation
FAIR Enjoyable thriller that has Jack Ryan (Harrison Ford) going head to head with terrorists.
FAIR I expected this one to be a little more cerebral and without the Indiana Jones ending.
FAIR An enjoyable, tense and sometimes stylish action film, but lacks the depth of characterization and technical proficiency that made Hunt a superior work.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never NOT_far from NOT_redoubtable NOT_moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland.Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't NOT_too NOT_serious to NOT_throw in an NOT_occasional gag.Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
GOOD The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
GOOD Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours.The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels.Down time doesn't NOT_exist in this film.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
GOOD The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all.It transcends the genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
GOOD Does it match the hype?Yes.
GOOD At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
GOOD Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
GOOD If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
GOOD Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events.Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
GOOD [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
GOOD Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not NOT_here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
GOOD The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
GOOD It's not NOT_just the NOT_best Batman film ever.It's not NOT_just the NOT_best superhero movie ever.It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in.The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
GOOD a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
GOOD Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
GOOD It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves.Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel.By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
GOOD The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
GOOD Visceral and terrifying.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
GOOD Even if this wasn't Ledger's NOT_final role before his NOT_untimely death NOT_last year, his Joker would NOT_still NOT_go NOT_down in cinema history as one of the NOT_most NOT_creepily NOT_unhinged NOT_big-screen NOT_bad guys of all time.
GOOD More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
GOOD You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start.In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
GOOD Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
GOOD Bring on part three.
GOOD To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value.Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
GOOD Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
GOOD In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
GOOD It not NOT_only NOT_surpasses Batman Begins - NOT_previously NOT_considered the NOT_high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept.11 film.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't NOT_really NOT_matter that NOT_much as this NOT_is NOT_really a vehicle for the NOT_amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never NOT_seems NOT_hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative.Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never NOT_equaled, NOT_"Crouching Tiger" soars because it NOT_showcases culture NOT_as NOT_much as cutting-edge martial arts.Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't NOT_disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" NOT_has NOT_such a NOT_cinematic masterpiece NOT_been NOT_caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures.With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths.But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_beautiful movie - and certainly no NOT_more NOT_majestic film NOT_has NOT_yet NOT_been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not NOT_find a NOT_more NOT_magnificent dragon.It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas.Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood?First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never NOT_allowed to NOT_really NOT_get NOT_angry with the kids, which NOT_severely NOT_hampers the NOT_comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film.Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel.I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's NOT_major events NOT_are NOT_very NOT_funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a NOT_great film, but it'll do.Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the NOT_worst part of this NOT_disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't NOT_pack the NOT_same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer.That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't NOT_be NOT_funny in NOT_small doses NOT_drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet?The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never NOT_passes up an opportunity to NOT_insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists.Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR ... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way.The diversions are kind of where it's at.
FAIR While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one NOT_is NOT_making NOT_iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
BAD Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
FAIR Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never NOT_completed his shooting script...But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
FAIR For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
GOOD Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
BAD There's no doubt that Anderson NOT_is an NOT_inventive filmmaker NOT_bursting with ideas.The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
FAIR Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
BAD Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
GOOD Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't.It works for me beautifully...
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
FAIR The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best.In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
FAIR magnificent display of talents not NOT_weaved into NOT_coherent story
GOOD Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
FAIR There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
BAD Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
FAIR Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecitta like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath.He makes one hell of a splash.
GOOD Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
GOOD Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
FAIR Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many.On this evidence, he's not NOT_quite NOT_there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
GOOD Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
GOOD The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
BAD Well, this is a painful review to write.The film is a mess.The really odd occurrences are just that...odd.They have no resonance.
BAD There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
BAD I really don't NOT_know what to NOT_make of this movie, NOT_other than to NOT_say that it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_least NOT_impressive addition to Anderson's filmography NOT_so far.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever.It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again.But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD Extremely violent, extremely preposterous, extremely entertaining, The Matrix succeeds at two extremely difficult tasks: as a vast, exciting virtual-reality movie and as a defibrillator for Keanu Reeves' big screen career.
GOOD The Matrix is a movie experience like no NOT_other, and experience is what it's all about.It explodes with dazzling visuals and a transcendent sense of excitement.
GOOD Thematically complex, yet intelligently integrating eastern philosophy, Lewis Carroll and ancient mysticism.
GOOD Writer/director siblings the Wachowskis have gone further with the action genre than you'd have ever thought possible.
FAIR The Wachowskis and cinematographer Bill Pope take advantage of currently available technical trickery to create visually distinct levels of reality while setting high-speed cameras in motion to make the action sequences particularly dynamic and fluid.
GOOD Intense, but many teens will be able to handle it.
FAIR Exemplifies the idea that a sufficiently cool outcome justifies all of the tortured narrative it takes to get there.
FAIR The original Matrix stands perfectly well on its own, despite the fact that the filmmakers went on with second and third episodes.
GOOD Dimension-hopping has never NOT_been NOT_so NOT_exhilarating and breathlessly lyrical as brilliant visuals and bracing Hong Kong action stunts punch through lengthy streams of technobabble.
FAIR The paranoid details of the premise are thoroughly worked out; the characters and motives, much less so.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying that fact that the Wachowski Brothers NOT_have NOT_amazing imagination and vision.They direct the film with non-stop style and imbue each scene with enough eye-candy to make you stop noticing the gaping plot holes and lapses in logic.
FAIR An inventive science fiction idea that rivals the brilliant thinking behind such movies from last year as Dark City and The Truman Show.
GOOD It's incredible.
GOOD If you're curious where the next generation of auteurs is coming from, look in the art houses and look in The Matrix.
GOOD As Morpheus says, "The Matrix is everywhere."
GOOD All I can say is wow.
GOOD 'The Matrix grabs you by the eyeballs, hypnotizes you into a state of visual ecstasy, and doesn't NOT_much care if your brain NOT_is NOT_following or not.'
GOOD A terrifically entertaining and satisfying production.
FAIR This film is triumph of style over substance.
FAIR The problem with The Matrix is that the enormously talented Wachowski brothers think their playful premise has metaphysical implications.
GOOD The story is so smart and full of surprises, you may begin to wonder what the Super Mario Brothers would have been like if they had used their brains to save the day.
FAIR For those who have been waiting for movies to catch up with the graphic possibilities of comic books, wait no NOT_longer: The Matrix NOT_is among NOT_us.
GOOD Almost untenably cool, but beneath the sheen there's substance.
FAIR The imagery in the first hour of The Matrix is astounding.
GOOD Revolutionary sci-fi fable pits kung fu against evil robots.
GOOD If there has to be a quintessential film for the end of the millennium, this is it.
GOOD An ambitious, perception-bending metaphor for life at the end of the 20th century.It doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_sense, but it seems to make sense, which is the key thing in science fiction.
GOOD Una fotografia interesante, un guion inteligente, actuaciones convincentes, una historia trepidante, un soundtrack fuerte y bien realizado
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles.Actions, not ideas.And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics.Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela".Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events."It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
FAIR ...a hopelessly uneven endeavor that's consistently buoyed by Freeman's mere presence...
BAD The sadness created by this film could be cured only by its quick descent in well-deserved oblivion.
BAD sloppy, lazy, and unable to keep up with its own con.
BAD Don't NOT_let the NOT_big names NOT_fool you: The Code NOT_is NOT_limp NOT_enough a thriller to NOT_deserve the NOT_direct-to-video treatment it's received.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT NOT_wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults.Maybe even another 'Babe'.Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults.Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter.Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una NOT_gran pelicula ni NOT_seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de NOT_esparcimiento NOT_familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't NOT_be NOT_garnering NOT_many NOT_devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties.Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't NOT_dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious.It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid.It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't NOT_get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the NOT_worst idea.Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt NOT_be NOT_cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough.But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child.But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't NOT_have what it NOT_takes to NOT_be a NOT_huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not NOT_charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
GOOD There is a charm and vitality to Raiders of the Ark, which Spielberg later admitted was "the first movie where I actually shot the movie without thinking".
GOOD Hold on tight, because it starts at full throttle and never NOT_lets up.
GOOD Yes, it's as entertaining as you have heard.Maybe more so.Raiders of the Lost Ark is, in fact, about as entertaining as a commercial movie can be.
GOOD impossibly good
GOOD As action adventure goes, it's about the best there is.
GOOD Steven Spielberg's rollicking adventure yarn still looks buoyant and dashing after 30 years.
GOOD The boulder has never NOT_looked bigger, the guns NOT_have NOT_never NOT_sounded NOT_louder and Indy's whip has never NOT_cracked NOT_sharper than they NOT_do here.
GOOD If Lucas is Raiders' guts and Kasdan its head, then Spielberg is its beating heart.Little wonder Part IV is still on the cards.
GOOD Raiders is a classic and repeated viewings, especially when presented properly on the big screen, only reinforce this further.
GOOD Breathtakingly efficient, immaculately constructed...This is the ne plus ultra of blockbuster filmmaking.
GOOD It is the classic film [by] Lucas, Spielberg...back before they were replaced by automatons put here by aliens.
GOOD Indy's first adventure is a rip-roaring action masterpiece.
GOOD Justifiably one of the most indelible adventure films in cinematic history...
FAIR It's the perfect vacation-time movie: not a NOT_serious moment in its NOT_whole two hours but so crammed with laughter, thrills and cinematic sleight of hand that audiences will be sorry when it's over.
GOOD Lost Ark holds up for many reasons, not NOT_least of which NOT_is because of Spielberg's consummate skill as a NOT_visual storyteller and his ability to draw charged performances from his actors.
GOOD The postmodern heir to North By Northwest...Like any deathless classic, Raiders is a perfect marriage of star and material.
GOOD ...despite the fast pace, the movie is never NOT_frenetic or tiring, just pure, unadulterated fun throughout.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The most purely fun movie ever made.
GOOD ...lets us indulge in childish thrills without feeling silly about it.
GOOD perhaps the greatest adventure movie of all time
GOOD With an unforgettable opening sequence in which our hero flees through a trap-filled tunnel from a great ball of rock, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a film which wastes no time and never NOT_lets NOT_go of our attention.
GOOD What follows is one breathtaking action sequence after another, each one surpassing the next in thrills.
FAIR New Hollywood moguls Spielberg and Lucas teamed up to create the first -- and best -- of their extremely popular plunderings of old adventure serials ... In retrospect, it also appears as a precise pop-culture inauguration of Reagan-era retro Americanism.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that, even today, audiences immediately fall in love with.It has all the right ingredients: a smart script, a likable hero, a dash of romance, more than a touch of comedy, and a lot of fast-paced action.
GOOD Throughout the film, Spielberg evokes the kind of armchair-clutching action sequences that remind us why they're called motion pictures.
GOOD You'd have to be a heathen to argue with the fact that Raiders of the Lost Ark stands as the best action-adventure movie ever made.
GOOD Most viewers are powerless to resist the kinetic pleasures of this endlessly inventive action adventure.
GOOD Imaginitive set pieces and a quick pace make this a wonderful debut for the series.
GOOD I have nothing against the film for what it is.I'm just not NOT_wild about what it is.
GOOD One of the best films -- if not THEE NOT_best film -- NOT_ever NOT_made!
BAD My big complaint: Take Indiana Jones out of the story, and nothing changes.The Nazis still find the Ark, still open it, still die.
GOOD Allows for a certain worldliness, cautiousness, and darkness in Indy's character.He's far from reckless or noble.
GOOD The film that enchanted a generation and made Ford an action hero.
GOOD The purpose of the exercise.If you can't love this film, you have no business NOT_loving movies at all.
GOOD Spielberg can never NOT_top this.Period.
GOOD One of the all-time great films.
GOOD George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's classic movie did not NOT_invent adventure, as it NOT_was NOT_largely NOT_inspired by NOT_old serials, pulp magazines and B-movies, but it certainly revamped our conception of big screen adventure.
FAIR Lords of Dogtown is an interesting look at the start of an ever increasingly more popular part of American youth culture, but often settles for surface gloss instead of introspection.
GOOD You don't NOT_have to NOT_care NOT_much about NOT_skateboarding (I NOT_really NOT_don't) to NOT_find the movie exhilarating and engaging.
BAD ...a thoroughly dull piece of work.
GOOD The three leads are superb, with Hirsch probably the stand-out - he and Rasuk do particularly well to suggest more than the script's rather one-note characterisation allows.
FAIR Despite the usual difficulty of people scripting their own stories, the film has an energetic fighting spirit.
FAIR Directed with skill and assuredness by Catherine Hardwicke.
GOOD A celebratory experience, paying homage to those who, out of a lack of anything better to do,...created an outright phenomenon.
FAIR You don't need to NOT_know a grind from an ollie to NOT_appreciate "The Lords of Dogtown," the story of the birth of NOT_modern skateboarding culture.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, high energy, rock n' rock blast!
FAIR part celebration of 1970s Southern California punk culture, part rise-and-fall social drama, and part cautionary tale about the perils of youth and success
BAD The movie rarely NOT_conveys the import of what these kids NOT_accomplished: As NOT_depicted here, their NOT_cultural revolution NOT_seems no NOT_NOT_more NOT_NOT_noteworthy than a day NOT_NOT_spent at the mall.
BAD a meandering trip down memory lane punctuated with some really nice skateboarding sequences.
FAIR There's great authenticity in the picture thanks to Catherine Hardwicke's atmospheric direction and Stacy Peralta's first-hand account of the era.
BAD The movie failed, on every level, to answer the one key question: Why should I care about these boys?
BAD Major plot lines may begin, develop and end, changing characters' lives forever, while you are in the bathroom.
GOOD [I]t vibrates with a bouncing-off-the-walls energy that sucks you right into the action.
BAD To call this movie a dog would be to insult my friends of the canine persuasion, so I will just say it stinks
BAD One of the flaws of Paralta's script is that he wants us to feel SORRY for those poor kids who made all that money.Awwwwwwwww....
FAIR Knoxville's arrival marks the end of Dogtown as a free-flowing lark and the beginning of the film's over-determined and predictable "rise-and-fall" story arcs.
GOOD Lots of fun for its target audience; skaters both old school and new, and high schoolers.
FAIR It's hard to think of a movie since 1950's Sunset Boulevard that has gotten more dramatic impact out of a pool.
BAD This dramatization does nothing Peralta's documentary didn't NOT_do better.And why opt for the imitation when the real deal is still out there for the viewing?
BAD Lords of Dogtown is nothing more than a steaming pile of dog crap.
BAD For someone who was there, not to NOT_mention someone who NOT_created Dogtown and Z-Boys, Peralta has crafted a script so superficial and simplistic it feels like it was tapped out by a 14-year-old fan.
FAIR It's a thrashing good time.
FAIR A strong companion to Dogtown and Z-Boys.
GOOD Strong revenge Western in the old-fashioned mold.
GOOD So much more than a football movie.
FAIR What Friday Night Lights offers is the perspective that, for the people and young players caught up in this whirlwind, football simultaneously means everything and ultimately nothing.
BAD Friday Night Lights is a feel-good movie, but it's not real.It's a hard-hitting Hallmark greeting card.It's no wonder it NOT_appealed to Larry King %u2014 it's NOT_safe, NOT_easy, conventional, and feigns incisiveness.
FAIR The script spends at least as much time exploring the psychologies of the young players and the problems they face at home as it does rallying the audience behind their efforts on the field.
FAIR While the atmosphere is excellent, and the general elements all strong, the film sadly fails to give any real insight or depth in regards to explaining the hows and whys of the near fever over the game and its players.
GOOD You'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it's worth the ride.One of the best sports movies ever.
BAD The movie's principles are seriously out of whack, even as it angles toward a Big Life Lesson about learning to live with falling short of greatness.
GOOD The best sports movie for years, as it's not about sport at all.Forget fears of jingoistic grandstanding, this is an un-American all-American tale that deserves attention.
FAIR a good film, but it is preaching to the converted
GOOD Friday Night Lights is a film about football, but it shares more in common with films from the horror genre than with its predecessors.
FAIR A Friday night movie if ever there was one.
GOOD Thornton anchors the film with his understated but no NOT_less NOT_effective performance but the stand-out is Derek Luke (Antwone Fisher) - the scene where he finally realises that his football career is over is truly heartbreaking to watch.
BAD Its script is pure corn, drenched in syrupy sentiment and topped with prize ham in the shape of Billy Bob Thornton's tub-thumping coach.
FAIR There's nothing particularly universal or relevant about this place- and sport-specific ode to American football.Although it's a gripping and watchable true story.
GOOD This is the rousing football movie Any Given Sunday failed to be.
GOOD My favorite film of 2004.
FAIR Might very well be doomed to comparison solely with other sports movies.But at least within that realm it looks pretty darn good.
FAIR The film, just like the sports battles, allows spectators to get caught up in the excitement and become intoxicated on the glare of the blinding stadium lights.
GOOD the film really lives out the metaphor realistically, just like Life
FAIR might have been a truly great deconstruction of the secular religion of football had it not NOT_come NOT_dangerously NOT_close to NOT_buying into the NOT_very myth it NOT_is NOT_trying to NOT_dismantle
FAIR When did director Peter Berg become Mr. Reliable?
GOOD Expertly infuses humanity into the unforgiving, obsessive world of high school football.
FAIR Friday Night Lights can be seen as Hoosiers in shoulder pads, especially in the emotional connection between the townspeople and the team.
FAIR Friday Night Lights is a movie that gets the gridiron action exactly right, but does not NOT_dig NOT_deeply NOT_enough into the lives of the players off the field.
FAIR But all in all, this is a movie for football fans... if you don't like the sport, NOT_then you might NOT_as NOT_well NOT_forget it and try something more to your tastes.
FAIR A solid football movie.
FAIR Viewers will be able to read into the do-or-die philosophy whatever they choose, and in the meantime simply enjoy this big-screen ode to the madness.
FAIR Bland pop Americana.
FAIR Unusually well drawn characters and the empathy its creators have for them are just two of the things that distinguish Peter (Very Bad Things) Berg's latest from most sports movies.
GOOD [Made] with a skill and grace that lifts the material up; all of the actors, and everyone involved in the film's production, came together and made something special.
GOOD Despite minor bugaboos, the film works because each play and conversation is filled with a nervy feeling of how fate could turn on its characters at any moment.
GOOD This West Texas football saga is a real, wrenching look at players, fans and the game that's much more than a game.
FAIR The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't NOT_find in NOT_many movies nowadays.
BAD May be the supreme example of a filmic endeavor succeeding exclusively for one cinematic aspect.
FAIR Knocked my socks off, and I was cursing myself for not NOT_seeing it sooner.
FAIR Skittishly directed and haphazardly written, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a bundle of old action movie chestnuts brought briefly to life only by Jaa's presence.
GOOD I haven't been this thrilled by a new star since I saw my first Jackie Chan movie.
GOOD Jaa combines speed, strength, and fluidity in a convincing bid to turn wire stunts into yesterday's fad and return simple physical prowess to the forefront.
GOOD Suddenly The Matrix looks about as relevant as VHS tapes.
GOOD Ficarei muito espantando caso o fantastico Tony Jaa nao se torne um astro internacional do genero acao/artes marciais.
FAIR It's too soon to tell if Tony Jaa has the the ability to sustain an interesting career, but he's off to a hell of a start, regardless.
GOOD Jaa emerges as a worthy successor to Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li, dispensing brutality that has never NOT_looked NOT_so NOT_perversely beautiful.
FAIR Has an authentic tone that makes its simplistic quest-for-redemption storyline surprisingly engaging.
GOOD About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy.But Pinkaew isn't NOT_blowing smoke: this NOT_is the NOT_real deal.
FAIR Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies.This guy is the real deal.
FAIR Its plot is pretty much standard-issue.But the action is spectacular enough to allow the audience to overlook that problem.
GOOD Get a load of this guy, the way he leaps over cars, slides under SUVs.Experience the man bringing the pain and unleashing wrath.Gaze with wide eyes at his jackhammer fists.
BAD Tony Jaa doesn't NOT_possess the authority of Lee, the charisma of Chan or the intensity of Li, though he does project the same sleepy-eyed blandness as Van Damme.
FAIR Jaa lives up to the hype.
FAIR Ong Bak is not NOT_very NOT_good -- but Hollywood suits would be nuts not to NOT_give NOT_Jaa a role in every action flick they NOT_make from NOT_now on.
BAD Jaa's moves are impressive, but the choreography ranges from bland to ridiculous (as when one dirty fighter resorts to using major appliances as weapons).
FAIR No prizes will NOT_be NOT_awarded to anyone who NOT_guesses that Ting NOT_beats all assailants and recovers the artifact.What you might not NOT_anticipate NOT_is how NOT_viscerally NOT_exciting director Prachya Pinkaew NOT_makes the action scenes.
FAIR Ong-Bak's only agenda is kicking butt, and it does that pretty well.
FAIR All the creatively-staged and -choreographed, knees-'n-elbows Muay Thai mayhem one buys the ticket to see.
GOOD You'll leave the theater bruised and battered, but you'll be happy about it.
FAIR ...thoroughly robust within its own skin.Visually involving and vibrantly executed, fight fans will definitely get a rousing kick out of Ong-Bak
FAIR More than anything, the filmmakers want to impress on you the wonders of Jaa's physical presence
FAIR A viscerally entertaining slice of Thai filmmaking that will leave you grinning ear to ear.
FAIR [I]f you want to get in on the ground floor of a potential action film star, here's your chance.
FAIR A knockout of a martial arts movie -- and an elbow to the head.And two knees to the back and a roundhouse kick to the ear for good measure.
FAIR If you combined the genes of Chan and Bruce Lee with a dash of Buster Keaton, the result might resemble Jaa.
BAD For every moment that inspires vocal awe, there are two or three moments that produce groans.
FAIR Jaa is not NOT_just a NOT_martial arts phenomenon but young, photogenic and charismatic.
FAIR You can rightly say that Jaa has yet to establish much of a character, but give him a chance.
GOOD an unbelievably crass, unpleasant, horrific picture
FAIR More gore, gross-outs than the other Indy blockbusters.
FAIR It's not the darker turn that NOT_makes The Temple of Doom NOT_uncomfortable at times; it's its NOT_mean-spiritedness.
FAIR ...an obvious step down from its stellar predecessor...
FAIR It lacks the sense of detail that made Raiders such a treat.It isn't NOT_very NOT_clever, NOT_very NOT_funny or very compelling.
FAIR The reality is that this is the film that comes closest to reflecting the racism, sexism and jingoism that fuelled most of the serials that originally sparked Spielberg and George Lucas's impressionable young imaginations.
FAIR Where the brilliant "Raiders" was an adventure film aimed at the child at heart, "Temple of Doom" is really designed for the kiddie market itself.
FAIR If it was a sign of the times for Indiana Jones to take on more of a comic-book aspect, the film's accomodation of darker themes and explicit imagery came as something of a shock to many.
BAD ...makes you wonder if Spielberg and series producer George Lucas might have been going through some sort of drug phase.
GOOD While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining.(Blu-ray edition)
FAIR A breakneck adventure that moves at twice the pace of the original but has only half the creative strength.
FAIR See website for more details.
GOOD darker indiana, still grand
GOOD ...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride.The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant...
FAIR Set years before the events of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is sillier, darkly violent and a bit dumbed down, but still great fun.
GOOD I honestly think this edgier prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark does an even better job of being a non-stop rollercoaster ride than the original.
FAIR All action and little story made for an entertaining followup to the adventure classic.
BAD Terrific opening with 'Anything Goes' in Chinese -- then the kid shows up and it's downhill.
FAIR Only so so follow up to "Raiders."Extra points off for the very annoying Short Round.
GOOD The kind of movie where your date is always grabbing your forearm in a viselike grip, as unbearable excitement unfolds on the screen.After the movie is over, you've had a great time but your arm is black-and-blue for a week.
FAIR exciting, but the weakest film of the trilogy
FAIR You know, the more distance I get from this, the more I think: man, what a dark, depressing film.I think when it came out I was just that desperate for a new Indy flick.
BAD Yes, Temple of Doom still stinks -- save that spectacular opening Shanghai nightclub scene.
GOOD It's an extremely well-crafted, exciting, and, most importantly, brave work.
FAIR Don't NOT_dismiss Temple of Doom NOT_just because, you NOT_know, NOT_it's NOT_kinda NOT_stupid.
FAIR There is little to appreciate here in terms of craft or characterization--but the whole thing bounces along so damn nicely, who cares?
GOOD Too shapeless to be the fun that Raiders is, but shape may be beside the point.Old- time, 15-part movie serials didn't NOT_have shape.The just went on and on and on, which is what Indiana Jones does with humor and technical invention.
GOOD One of Steven Spielberg's best movies, because he for once isn't NOT_trying to NOT_say anything at all.He's just having fun.
GOOD Moments like the collapsing bridge, the mine cart ride, and the cave full of bugs are as thrilling or more so than anything in the first movie.
FAIR The worst of the bunch - but still has moments of fun.
GOOD Single-handedly caused the 'PG-13' rating, and for that alone, I love it.
GOOD An unforgettable picture.Don't miss it!
FAIR Doesn't NOT_live up to the excitement and thrills of the original, but still a pretty wild ride.
GOOD Vastly under rated.Grand fun.
GOOD The darker side of Spielberg.
GOOD Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid.
FAIR There's plenty of rip-roaring action to distract us from the more unpalatable elements.
GOOD Not NOT_surprisingly, Ford NOT_has NOT_most of the action here.But Connery -- in what is often a test of a true actor -- shows how much you can do with an essentially passive part.
FAIR Fans of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas' Indiana Jones series may rest assured that the latest installment, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, is fully up to, as well as virtually indistinguishable from, its predecessors.
GOOD As usual, the action is on an epic scale and delivered with breathless enthusiasm and much panache by director Steven Spielberg.
FAIR This is not NOT_so NOT_much a NOT_bad film as a NOT_machine-like one NOT_lacking the NOT_same energy as the original, which it NOT_most resembles.
BAD Even if he's considerably more battered than his nearest competitor, Indiana quits at the top of the heap.It's just that the heap isn't what it NOT_was eight years ago.It's been almost flattered to death.
FAIR benign slapstick.
GOOD Thrilling third Indy actioner focuses on hunt for grail.
GOOD It shows us Indy's origin and even ends with him riding off into the sunset after completing the ultimate quest of finding the Holy Grail.I mean how do you top that?
FAIR Captures some of the sense of fun that infused the first movie while using the addition of Sean Connery to up the comedic ante and provide a father/son dynamic.
GOOD ...it's impossible to deny the film's status as the very best of the series' sequels...
FAIR This is reportedly the last time producer/writer George Lucas and director Steven Spielberg will treat movie fans to an Indiana Jones adventure, and it's pretty obvious they were determined to send Indy riding off into the sunset in style.
BAD There's considerable pleasure in watching these two lions spar, but sometimes Last Crusade mistakes dotting every I and crossing every T for detailed character development.
GOOD Connery brings out a vastly appealing dorky-kid side of Ford we haven't seen before in the Indy films, and Ford parries with Connery angrily yet lovingly.
GOOD The eventual arrival of towering screen presence Sean Connery as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. alongside Harrison Ford as Dr. Henry Jones, Jr. allows for what may be adventure cinema's most potent pairing.[DVD]
GOOD A blueprint for how a blockbuster sequel should be done.
GOOD ...although I personally find 'The Last Crusade' a little less energetic and inspired than 'Raiders,' there is much to enjoy in both pictures.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The chemistry between its two stars is a thing of dreams, but the plot is a tad too episodic to make it a classic.
FAIR Despite strong acting (the slapstick energy between Ford and Connery is wasted), obligatory chases and stunts and splendid art direction, the virtuoso technique evident in every frame remains formulaic -- unaccompanied by revelation, epiphany or surprise.
BAD A very disappointing sequel that's just too jokey for its own good.Lacks the intense thrills of the first two.
GOOD As good as the original!
GOOD Perfectly exciting third venture into Indiana Jones land by Spielberg.
GOOD thoroughly entertaining
BAD The least fun of the three: overworked and uninspired.
GOOD A warm and engaging return to the original Raiders spirit.
GOOD This movie returns the Indy series to its roots of thundering thrills, spiritual inspiration and perfectly timed humor.
GOOD Harrison Ford overacts.Everytime he says "dad," I want to cringe.
GOOD why I believe in summer blockbusters
GOOD Of the three Jones films, The Last Crusade may well become the sentimental favorite, the Indiana to end them all.
GOOD Sean Connery as Indy's father is a perfect foil.The chemistry between the two men is magical; they make a great comedy team.
GOOD A perfect summer movie.
GOOD Another Indy winner!
GOOD A brilliant coup sees the film kick off with an extended flashback to Indiana's early days and our young hero (Phoenix) having his first taste of adventure during a scout trip in Utah.
GOOD The humour, the pathos, the tension - even the blooming soundtrack - all conspire to ensure that the tale of a teenager traveling back 30 years to ensure his parents meet and ultimately mate can, given its vintage, now be fairly described as a classic.
GOOD Zemeckis and Gale... give us two priceless scenes in which the young time-traveler simply regards his parents-to-be with wonderment, delight and empathy.And we cannot help but share that emotion and relate it to our own lives.
GOOD It was, is and always will be a true Hollywood classic.
GOOD Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
GOOD '80s time-travel favorite has laughs, romance, action.
GOOD an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
GOOD Back to the Future is one of the best popcorn movies ever made.It's ingenuity, time-traveling twist ups and wonderfully vibrant characters resonate in ways few films ever achieve.
GOOD A little more sophistication would have been no NOT_bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.
GOOD Delightful and sophisticated to a degree beyond the dreams of today's movies in similar vein.
GOOD Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.
GOOD The counter-Freudian drama is handled with easy wit and flair, like a Shakespearian disguise comedy, and it made a whopping star of Fox.
GOOD This irresistible combination of dazzling effects and sly comedy propelled Michael J Fox to stardom and Robert Zemeckis to the front rank of Hollywood directors.
GOOD This film is WASTED on kids.
GOOD Boasts probably the tightest screenplay of any film in Zemeckis's body of work.
GOOD Thompson's funny, carnal performance forces us all to face an ugly truth: once, our moms might have been prowling teens too.
GOOD Probably the most carefully-scripted blockbuster in Hollywood history.
GOOD To put it bluntly: if you don't like NOT_Back To The NOT_Future, NOT_it's NOT_difficult to NOT_believe that you like films at all.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis's direction, like the technical contributions, is first-rate, and after an ambling start takes off into frenetic, non-stop fun.
GOOD An unqualified success, boasting an incredibly sharp screenplay and tons of appeal.
GOOD A classic adventure that holds up perfectly today.
GOOD Technically, no film NOT_is NOT_impossible to NOT_like, but this techno-romantic comedy comes about as close as you can get.
FAIR An unusual time travel flick about a gifted match-maker.
FAIR Part II was better, but that's just me.The first one is a fun romp too.
GOOD One of the most purely entertaining blockbusters of the 1980s
GOOD One of the best of the 1980s comedies.A career highlight for Michael J. Fox.
GOOD infectiously silly and fun time-travel comedy.Lloyd and Fox are a great team.
GOOD Probably the most fun Zemeckis has given the world.It's okay, I'm paying him a compliment.
GOOD A hilarious romp of time travel, sentimentality and, surprisingly, some genuine suspense
BAD Too cute, too clever, too damn smug.
GOOD One of the best film's ever made.Romantic, Funny, Action-Packed and Vivacious.Michael J.Fox and Christopher Lloyd are amazing.
GOOD I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not NOT_refrain my feeling that this NOT_is a bona fide masterpiece.
GOOD A masterpiece!
GOOD Great performances, clever concept, deft direction, lotsa laughs, and some real heart & soul.A true Popcorn Classic.
GOOD Few movies have reached this level of light comic perfection.It's the perfect blend of the novelty of the 1950's and the comic angst of adolescence.
GOOD Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
FAIR avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
GOOD Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
FAIR Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
BAD It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
GOOD A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
GOOD A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
FAIR Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
FAIR Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_much as the original.
GOOD Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
BAD Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
GOOD The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never NOT_got NOT_old.
FAIR The new film not NOT_only spoofs NOT_westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
FAIR Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy.Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
GOOD The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark.The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
FAIR It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
FAIR Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_tremendous as the NOT_first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
FAIR How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned?It's not.And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
FAIR a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
FAIR A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not NOT_be NOT_so NOT_easily and quickly dismissed.
FAIR Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no NOT_longer NOT_surprising to NOT_see him NOT_bury his index finger into the desert NOT_sand, NOT_then NOT_lick it
GOOD It's certainly not your NOT_ol' NOT_man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver!Away!"
BAD The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters.Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
GOOD The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
FAIR Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
GOOD It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
FAIR It's no sort of masterpiece.But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
BAD Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
FAIR Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
FAIR Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
FAIR An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
BAD Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds.The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
FAIR The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
BAD It's perhaps no coincidence that the film NOT_ends up on a NOT_runaway NOT_locomotive as this NOT_feels like a train wreck throughout.
BAD Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
FAIR It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
GOOD Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
FAIR As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not NOT_necessarily in the right order."
GOOD Talk about a pleasant surprise!Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
BAD Ultimately, it's not NOT_as NOT_awful as Wild Wild West.But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
FAIR Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career.It's a movie of great adventure and humour.Sorrowful and nostalgic.
FAIR British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not NOT_always NOT_successfully NOT_executed, NOT_means there NOT_is NOT_rarely a NOT_dull moment.
BAD Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how NOT_inventively NOT_staged they might NOT_be.
BAD "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto.It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
FAIR As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
BAD The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
BAD Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
FAIR The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
FAIR This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
FAIR A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that NOT_goes on for way NOT_too long.
BAD If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
BAD There's no reason NOT_such a NOT_durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again.Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
BAD Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
FAIR "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
BAD The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
GOOD The sharp, if expletive-ridden, dialogue in Oliver Stone's script and the vivid cinematography of John A Alonzo help make De Palma's urban shocker a modern-day classic.
GOOD One fundamentally dishonest character choice launched a billion-dollar industry.But it hardly NOT_sours a film that NOT_became a NOT_garishly NOT_ghoulish, NOT_bleakly NOT_funny and compulsively watchable template for modern-criminal deconstructions of the American Dream.
FAIR one of Brian DePalma's best films
FAIR ...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...
GOOD One of the best gangster dramas ever made, driven by Pacino's haunting performance and De Palma's lightning pace.
GOOD the very definition of excess, which is perhaps why it has persisted so long as a cultural totem: Its florid pleasures can never NOT_be NOT_exhausted
GOOD Extremely violent '80s crime classic with drugs, sex, etc.
GOOD Still a must-see for Pacino's potent and influential performance.
GOOD Scarface has become a touchstone of pop culture, one of the half dozen or so most frequently referenced films of our era.
GOOD This almost Jacobean tale of drug gangsters in 1980s Miami is rather too long for the points it makes, but is nevertheless riveting and still, after 26 years, remarkably fresh.
GOOD Pacino's drug-crazed, bloodshot performance gives this gangster movie a terrifying edge.
FAIR [Pacino's] grandstanding performance is still hard to resist and symbolises the baroque excess of this shockingly violent gangster classic.
FAIR As overrated as it is overlong.
GOOD To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.
FAIR Viewed today, while Scarface seems less shocking than it did during its initial theatrical run, it's no NOT_more NOT_substantive or interesting.
GOOD Pacino, of course, goes way over the top and through the floor on the other side.
GOOD Although the film depicts a nightmarish world, it's also very funny.
FAIR An unashamed study of selfish, sadistic criminality, and all the better for it.
BAD Ugly and overrated
GOOD Any list of classic guy movies would be incomplete without an appearance from Brian De Palma's Scarface.
FAIR Stylish ultra violence = one popular film for many, sad to say.
GOOD The most frantic and assured film of Brian De Palma's impressive career.
FAIR To be honest, Scarface isn't exactly what you could call a 'good' movie.It's overwritten, overacted and overdirected (not to mention overlong).And yet, against the odds, it still works.
GOOD Pacino, em mais um de seus grandes momentos, transforma Montana em um icone do genero e da decada de 80, conduzindo um filme que seria fartamente copiado nos anos seguintes.
FAIR As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.
GOOD What were Pacino's detractors hoping for?Something internal and realistic?Low key?The Tony Montana character is above all a performance artist, a man who exists in order to gloriously be himself.
BAD DePalma loves blood and guts-nothing wrong with that!
FAIR Subtle it ain't, but just try turning your eyes away from this study in stylistic excess.
FAIR A coked-up version of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II without a family to feel sympathy for.
FAIR At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth
GOOD An undeniably effective, visceral experience.
GOOD The definitive modern gangster movie.Pacino's powerhouse role.Meet my little friend!
BAD Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
BAD Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
FAIR It may not NOT_be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day NOT_be NOT_remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_perfect movie, and it's not NOT_as NOT_strong as the original.However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
BAD Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene.If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine.I know.But trust me.Or don't.
FAIR The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987.It's still not that NOT_great, but it sure is entertaining.
BAD It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
BAD It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
BAD The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
BAD Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID.The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help.A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
BAD The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
BAD CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
BAD Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
GOOD Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
BAD If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's.The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
GOOD Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
GOOD The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
GOOD Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
GOOD Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
GOOD He saved the best for last.
GOOD The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection.It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
GOOD The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes.Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
FAIR Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a NOT_great film.
GOOD Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um numero suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
GOOD It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
GOOD Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
FAIR 'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante mas solida e interesante que su antecesora.'
GOOD Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not NOT_feel NOT_more satisfying.
GOOD It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
FAIR Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
GOOD Menos mal que no hay una NOT_Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque seria NOT_imposible imaginarse como Quentin Tarantino podria volver a NOT_superarse a si mismo... una NOT_vez mas.
GOOD La union de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
GOOD The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
BAD The Kill Bill films leave me cold.For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
FAIR If he doesn't NOT_take care Tarantino could NOT_make something NOT_significantly worse.
FAIR Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't NOT_expect to NOT_remember this for years to come.
GOOD This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
BAD Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
GOOD It exhilarates even as it maddens.
GOOD This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
FAIR At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context.At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
GOOD brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
GOOD Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
GOOD Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
GOOD Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 NOT_is NOT_better.
FAIR Visually striking, but also very violent.
FAIR Something borrowed, something bloody.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Tarantino instead relies on delirious, high-octane, imaginative camera work; an anime sequence; and an exhilarating musical soundtrack to punch up a story that loses its intoxicating magnetism well before the final credits roll.
GOOD Kill Bill is a temple of worship -- a devout hymn of praise to crap cinema (which isn't NOT_always NOT_crappy).
FAIR Kill Bill is pretty stupid, but there are also moments of beauty and brilliance.
GOOD One of the best films of the year, and, when it's all said and done, probably the decade.
FAIR Tarantino is back with his most polished and yet slightly empty effort yet.
FAIR Perhaps the funniest thing about Kill Bill: Volume One is the realization that this ode to ultraviolence and Uma Thurman's feet is probably Quentin Tarantino's most personal film.
BAD Kill Bill isn't human.It's cinema as cinema.Tarantino is like a hyper, too-bright child, worrying you for your attention, jumping from thought to thought in his brain
FAIR Blood spews from bodies like fountains of Chinese fireworks throughout the movie.
GOOD Volume 1 is a pure sugar-rush, an adrenaline-packed needle that injects wild fun into almost every conceivable vein.
FAIR ...a gymnastic ballet of violence and a veritable orgy in blood.
FAIR As kung fu films go, this is one of the best I've ever seen.
GOOD Tarantino returns to the silver screen with the first installment of a bloody two-part tribute to the samurai stories of old... and we're all better for it!
FAIR A bloody, bubble-gum epic with as much dramatic weight as a powder puff.
GOOD 'Filmmaking genius or blood-loving freak?Tarantino is a bit of both ...'
GOOD Brutally bloody and thrillingly callous from first to last.
GOOD An audacious, inventive and relentless action movie.
GOOD ...a movie with such raw ambition and spirit that it literally reinvents the standards of everything it can be associated with.
FAIR 'Tarantino logra un buen trabajo a secas.Ninguna obra maestra, pero si una buena cinta para pasar el rato y reirse de las exageraciones mostradas'
GOOD Confesso que ri ao perceber que daria 5 estrelas para este longa - mas qualquer outra cotacao seria injusta e preconceituosa.
GOOD [Tarentino]'s back in high style, drawing on such sources as martial arts movies and Japanese animation to create a vivid world all his own.
BAD Quentin Tarantino makes terrible movies really, really well.
FAIR But if Kill Bill: Volume 1 is the creation of a director with a lot to show, it's also the work of one with not NOT_very NOT_much to say.
GOOD Kill Bill, Volume 1 is Quentin Tarantino's amazing fourth film and the first chapter of a tantalizing homage to 1970s action and blaxploitation.
FAIR Tarantino has constructed a highly artificial screen world in which to unfold his funky baroque bloodbath.
FAIR Divided we fall.What Kill Bill Vol. 1 loses in plot, tension, and character development it (almost) makes up for in terms of sheer unadulterated style.
GOOD Simply beautiful to look at and listen to.
FAIR An impressive exercise in style but little more.
GOOD If you can't stand violence in movies, please don't NOT_even NOT_read this review.
FAIR As wacky action-adventure movies go, this is a good film.But it's the type of work that more than a dozen Hollywood filmmakers could have turned out in less time than it took [director Quentin] Tarantino.
FAIR As the star of the new, epic-scaled Braveheart, Gibson celebrates yet another man of selfless valor.And as its director, he displays some daring of his own.
FAIR A lavish, entertaining spectacle full of manly men, dastardly villains, rousing battles and women who easily see Mel's hero potential through all that messy hair.
BAD The screenplay says repeatedly that thinking is more important than fighting, yet problems are always met with muscle-power in the movie, which wallows in violence and vengeance every chance it gets.
FAIR In addition to staging battle scenes well, Gibson also manages to recreate the filth and mood of 700 years ago.
FAIR Braveheart is a stouthearted, old-fashioned hero movie in which honorable Scottish underdogs fight nasty British nobles.It lacks refinement, but it's a satisfying war story (and mediocre love story) in the grand Hollywood tradition.
FAIR Mel Gibson's Braveheart is a rousing, romantic battle epic featuring a cast of thousands, many without heads or arms.
GOOD Mel Gibson throws his whole heart into a role.No one acts with more conviction, and his errors are honest ones.
FAIR Many movies deal with battlefield heroics.Few seriously attempt to define heroism.
GOOD In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.
GOOD If you like your Hollywood to be as big, stirring and spectacular as possible, then there's no NOT_denying that Braveheart NOT_was one of the highpoints of '90s cinema.
GOOD It succeeds in bringing to life the reality of Scottish patriotism and brilliantly captures the spirit of revolution.
GOOD Completely honest, and completely eager, and subtle as an iron hammer to the skull.
GOOD Mel Gibson's Oscared, bloody Scottish spectacle.
BAD So inspiring is his message that my own girlfriend channeled it, in the warning I received prior to my reviewing the film: You'd better love it, or I'll disembowel you.
FAIR A massive, sweaty, frequently silly epic that nevertheless delivers enough brute pleasure to pass a rainy afternoon.
FAIR A great big splendorific Hollywood epic that's not NOT_exactly NOT_original or cliche-free, but fairly satisfying.
GOOD While the violence is raw, so are the emotions.
FAIR Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood.For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.
GOOD A superior film and there is a lot to love about it.
GOOD For pure, blood-soaked "guy flick" grandeur, few movies can touch this one.
FAIR Larger than life.
GOOD If you prefer your movies to be more than just one man's ego trip, it's an impediment to fully enjoying what is otherwise an awesome-looking and powerful bloody epic.
GOOD A violent, utterly passionate epic.
BAD At times the film seems an obsessive ode to Mel Gibson machismo.
GOOD With its clashing armies, heartstopping action, and grand sense of romance, this is the sort of film it's a pleasure to see and review.
GOOD An action epic with the spirit of the Hollywood swordplay classics and the grungy ferocity of The Road Warrior.
GOOD a big heap of fun
FAIR Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people.[Blu-ray]
GOOD A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
FAIR Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
FAIR The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
BAD By the book buddy-buddy movie.This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
FAIR ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
BAD How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
FAIR Chris Tucker is the man.
BAD A disappointment.
FAIR By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not NOT_provide anything NOT_inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
FAIR Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not NOT_so NOT_heavily NOT_based on NOT_other NOT_successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
GOOD A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
FAIR Terrific entertainment.
FAIR Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
GOOD A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
FAIR Chan is as sweet and charming as ever.Tucker makes an excellent foil.And things blow up.
FAIR Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago.Let's hope not.
GOOD Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
GOOD Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film.Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
BAD As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
BAD The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that NOT_many people NOT_stayed in the theater NOT_long NOT_enough to laugh.
BAD Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
FAIR Chan is amazing to watch.
BAD ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
BAD Doesn't NOT_feature NOT_nearly NOT_enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
BAD While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his NOT_myriad talents.
BAD If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
BAD It's all pretty bland.
FAIR The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
GOOD [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties.Let's hope so.
FAIR Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
FAIR Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
FAIR You won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
BAD The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part.It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
BAD Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
BAD I like Seth, you like Seth.We all like Seth.BADLY miscast, here.And so was the director.
FAIR A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
BAD This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
BAD There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution.This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
FAIR Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
BAD A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
BAD Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
BAD ...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
FAIR Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day.It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
GOOD For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor.No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
BAD Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience.The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them.Waltz is delightful.
FAIR Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Um longa que nao so desaponta pelo roteiro, mas tambem (e ai o choque e maior) pela direcao nada inspirada de seu realizador.
FAIR With Jager, it'd probably be a blast.
GOOD Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
BAD Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never NOT_terribly enjoyable.
FAIR Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
BAD One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
BAD For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
BAD They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role.Big mistake!
BAD His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1.Having a limitless supply of money.2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
FAIR Seth Rogen, superhero?It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
BAD Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
GOOD There is no NOT_grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
FAIR A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
BAD An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
BAD While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
BAD Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout.The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
BAD Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not NOT_persuaded that anything NOT_actually NOT_happens.
FAIR It has more of a sting than you might think.
BAD 'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
BAD Hornet lacks sting.
FAIR I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
FAIR It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
GOOD One of the pinnacles of world cinema.
FAIR Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.
GOOD A bold film that you won't NOT_soon forget.
GOOD Sergio Leone loaded up for another Spaghetti Western and shot out his magnum opus with this follow-up to the Dollars trilogy.Charles Bronson stars as an ominous stranger known only as Harmonica -- on the account of that instrument being the only other th
GOOD These days, cartoonish, genre-pastiching movies are everywhere, but Leone's films in this vein are still more enjoyable than most.
GOOD Sergio Leone's masterpiece.
FAIR 'Once Upon a Time...' now looks like an over-cooked mess of style, metaphor and reference.
GOOD Quite simply a masterpiece, Leone's revisionist western is a mythic spectacle of a film and a landmark in cinema history.
GOOD Sergio Leone's 1969 masterwork, in which he pulls together most of the themes of his three Dollar films, and also contributes one of the most famous credit sequences in history, will wet your lips all over again.
GOOD For a lesson in how to resuscitate a dying genre, you could do worse than Once Upon a Time in the West, Sergio Leone's masterpiece from 1968.
GOOD Perhaps the clearer and crisper this film appears, and the more its reputation grows, the more unsettling its indulgences and ellipses appear to be.Well ... never mind.It's still a landmark.
GOOD Leone's film, authentic yet hyper-stylised, complete with the coolest cowboy fashion (gunslingers in long coats has never NOT_been bettered), mainstreet shootouts and raw, memorable characters, is a tough, leathery sundried masterpiece.
GOOD There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.
GOOD Stunning big-screen cowboy film.
GOOD Sergio Leone's frontier parable is a landmark in Westerns, and features not NOT_only one of the NOT_greatest opening sequences NOT_ever NOT_made, but also the best use of a harmonica in cinema.
GOOD One of the greatest ventures into the myth and legend of the Wild West.
GOOD What fun.
BAD Leone's insistence on style trumped the need for substance.
FAIR It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.
GOOD The 165-minute feature doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.
FAIR The movie stretches on for nearly three hours, with intermission, and provides two false alarms before it finally ends.
GOOD Explores legends and entombs myths into a film that is timeless and will live on as a work of art even if the western as we once knew it disappeared alongside its heroes.
GOOD 'even the quieter romantic or reflective moments are filled with a sense of energy coming from the expectation that at any given moment something huge is going to happen.'
GOOD Visualmente espetacular, este classico cerca a bela Cardinale de atores fantasticos, que duelam nao apenas com suas armas, mas tambem com suas otimas performances.
GOOD Leone's masterpiece, the pinnacle of his storied career
GOOD Sergio Leone made a fistful of great films, but none NOT_better than NOT_1968's ode to the fading American frontier, Once Upon a Time in the West.
FAIR When West is jumping, it's impossible to turn away.
GOOD Though elegiac, Once Upon a Time in the West is too vital to be a flat-out elegy, too influential to be a lament.It very simply matters.
GOOD Has the best title sequence ever shot
GOOD Leone's operatic oater remains notable for a number of achievements.
GOOD With its amazing widescreen compositions and epic running time, this Western truly wins points for length and width.
GOOD I'm still in awe.
GOOD Once Upon a Time in the West is often mesmerizing cinema.
GOOD A kick-ass flick.
BAD Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs.
BAD ...unapologetically geared towards younger viewers...
FAIR All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet, kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll.
FAIR You'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest, which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it.
FAIR In Thor Freudenthal's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan's book, the strays aren't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who're aw-shucks cute.
FAIR So, never NOT_work with children and animals, eh?
BAD Ate mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow, dois interpretes normalmente confiaveis, parecem estar no piloto automatico nesta producao que tem, como unico atrativo, os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas.
BAD The dogs are never NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_entertaining as they should NOT_be for the kids in the audience, and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters.
BAD Anodyne family fare, Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers.
FAIR Cheerful family-com.
BAD Everyone needs love and a home, whether kids or animals, is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids' movie.
BAD The schmaltz is laid on thick, but kids love this sort of stuff and, refreshingly, the dog bits are done the old-fashioned, fun way: with animal trainers rather than CGI.
FAIR Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
BAD Kids could do worse than check in at the two- star Hotel For Dogs this half-term.
FAIR It is a nice blend of slapstick fun, a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters.
BAD Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation.
FAIR True, there's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles, but credibility's secondary when you've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff.
FAIR All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
BAD It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment.Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.
FAIR Cute, silly family fare from Nickelodeon.
BAD Full of cute mutts and daft ideas, you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions.
FAIR If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua, this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt NOT_be the mutt's nuts.
BAD At the start, Kudrow's character tells the time-wasting kids, "You owe me 30 seconds of my life."I'm owed rather more.
FAIR Whilst not NOT_as NOT_funny as it could NOT_have NOT_been, Hotel For Dogs NOT_gets by on NOT_sheer charm, thanks to a NOT_likeable cast, a NOT_decent script, pacey direction and a high cuteness factor.
FAIR Although it's not NOT_quite as NOT_consistently NOT_engaging or funny as it could be, this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
FAIR The real stars of this movie are not the NOT_notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids.The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder (Kevin Dillon) and his sidekick chick Lois (Lisa Kudrow).
BAD Corny and silly...with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack.
FAIR Well, it's just so doggone cute.
FAIR Hotel for Dogs" is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film, suitable for any dog lover such as myself...
BAD The images are cluttered and murky, the comic rhythms falter, and the adult humans in the cast, including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle, seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs.
FAIR All in all it's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids.
FAIR I was really hoping there'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth's Hostel for Dogs.
BAD The animal side of the movie is great; the human side not NOT_so great.
BAD never NOT_feels NOT_more than NOT_surface, NOT_more than flash.
BAD Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids.
FAIR Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit, but the kindness-promoting message (think of the 'Shelter Stories' interludes in the newspaper comic strip 'Mutts') is welcome.
FAIR Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to NOT_like 30 NOT_highly NOT_trained stunt dogs.You won't NOT_be NOT_howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
BAD Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality, but every so often, the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids.That's when I'd lose interest.
FAIR Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy.
BAD The human dramas are less involving [than the dogs'], and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel.
FAIR If you like your action comic-book style, with the emphasis more on slapstick than on blood and gore, this silly but slick sequel is a great way to get your fix.
GOOD French parkour-action sequel - featuring David Belle, one of the inventors of the sport - to the kinetic dystopian 2004 film District B13, features lots of incredible stunts that at least look as though they weren't NOT_accomplished by the use of NOT_green screen
FAIR Evildoers vs. parkour-running underdog heroes
FAIR No need for CGI when you've NOT_got NOT_sweet moves, NOT_fast feet and a bottomless hoard of adrenaline.
FAIR Mission accomplie.
GOOD the film is an enormous amount of fun and it provides everything that one could possibly want in a piece of straightforward cinematic eye candy
FAIR If anyone is going to persuade fanboys to attend a movie with French subtitles, that man is Luc Besson.
BAD Little more than a series of loosely connected (and fairly effective) action set pieces.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_match the bombastic, bone-breaking brio of its NOT_predecessor, NOT_2004's District B-13, this sequel NOT_imaginatively NOT_spices up the NOT_leftovers.
FAIR This is the first action movie in which bombs serve a humanitarian end.
FAIR If you enjoyed the first installment, Ultimatum will probably be right up your alley...not to mention your fire-escape railing and your rooftop ledge.
FAIR This tale of conspiracy and corruption, directed with adrenalized pleasure by Patrick Alessandrin and written by a reinvigorated Luc Besson, has a brain.
FAIR Solid, B-level popcorn entertainment.
BAD Suffering from fewer of the stunts that made the original film a sensation and an afterthought of a script, District 13: Ultimatum is an auto-pilot shell of its sire.
FAIR There's little difference between the first and second movies so the perfunctory story line will feel familiar to fans.But the action, and the head-spinning stunts of those agile lead actors, will never NOT_get NOT_old.
FAIR The film doesn't NOT_drag, NOT_exactly - NOT_it's NOT_hard for a 90 minute film that NOT_focuses on a trio of NOT_extended NOT_martial arts setpieces to NOT_ever NOT_truly NOT_bog down - but it does lose momentum occasionally.
FAIR Luc Besson's script marries his B-movie sensibility with appropriately sophomoric political grandstanding...
FAIR It isn't as NOT_slick or clean as its predecessor, [but] the movie manages to move briskly and cheerfully through its running time.
FAIR Pleasurable nonsense and another reminder that one of the great pulls of cinema is the spectacle of bodies in blissful motion.
FAIR Is this sequel bad?Not by a long shot.Just disappointing, if you're expecting it to measure up to the original.
FAIR It amounts to a raucous and colorfully junky helping of seconds.
FAIR Besson's philosophy of breakneck action and spectacular set pieces guides the brilliant blend of physical stunts and cartoon conception of a walled-in slum on the fringes of a near-future Paris.
FAIR Roof-hopping, check.Banister-leaping, mais, oui.
BAD the "art of movement" has been replaced by the same old Hollywood histrionics.
FAIR It's fortunate ... that Besson, the sole credited writer, and director Patrick Alessandrin take their sweet time getting to the plot.
FAIR The fight-the-power scenario operates as a rebel fantasy of empowered French multicultural youth, yet it's one that never NOT_rises above cartoonishness.
BAD A safe but serviceable sequel.
FAIR Director Michael J. Bassett seems to know how to correctly handle the material, giving it a lightness of touch but also enough bloody and shocking spectacle to stir up viewers.
FAIR Writer/director Michael J. Bassett stages the carnage under so much rain-soaked filth, you can almost smell the stench.It's a good stench.
BAD Few characters have much to do but grunt and scream and bleed.
FAIR Uneven and far less deep that it believes itself to be, Solomon Kane is nevertheless a solid B-movie diversion that excels when sticking to its pulpy, action-fantasy roots.
BAD Been there, done that.
FAIR "Solomon Kane" succeeds by embracing its identity as a straightforward genre exercise, complete with bone-crunching and blood-spurting action.By not NOT_aiming for NOT_more, it NOT_hits its target.
BAD Who knew there were skinhead and zombie equivalents in late-Elizabethan England?
FAIR It's hardly NOT_original (and Max von Sydow NOT_is NOT_wasted in NOT_brief scenes as Kane's father), but "Solomon Kane" is worthy of big-screen appreciation.
FAIR Mr. Basset is too enamored of the usual action film cliches ... But he has a graphic visual style that suits the simplistic material and he keeps you watching even as the wet, sucking sounds of skewered flesh grows tedious.
BAD The fight choreography has a gracefulness bordering on elegance, and so it's a shame that these standalone thrills aren't better integrated into the film as a fully formed narrative whole.
FAIR [It] does have its moments and gets better as it goes along.
BAD Lacking a charismatic lead or villain, struggling with its big themes, it's not NOT_surprising this 2009 picture NOT_sat on the shelf for NOT_so long.
BAD A borrowed melange of Lord of the Rings pomp, weightless CGI sorcery, artfully smudged cheekbones and exceedingly dull sword slicings.
FAIR It's doubtful Kane will ever rival Conan--Howard's other creation--in terms of fame, but his world is definitely one that I would be willing to visit again.
BAD The film fails to take full advantage, possessing neither a sense of its own ridiculousness nor the flat-out propulsive energy that would make concerns about its hokey storyline irrelevant.
FAIR If weapons and wizardry get your blood up, and you prefer your movies dark and brooding and minus the sandals, Solomon Kane fits the bill.It may lack The Lord Of The Rings' majesty, but Robert E. Howard fans will lap it up.
GOOD A monstrously entertaining action-adventure... the film's epic vision bears comparison with the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy, its imaginative supernatural elements confidently fused with a savage reality.
FAIR A hugely entertaining adaptation of the dark comic series.
FAIR There's plenty that's good here: a serious tone, steady pacing, muddy and bloody scenery and a convincing turn by Purefoy in his own west country accent.But Kane is an ill fit into the origins tale template; it's a story with few surprises.
FAIR A combination of Purefoy's stoic, captivating performance and a number of bloodthirstily brilliant fight scenes ensure this is more Darling Bloods of May than twee cheese-fest.
FAIR A brutal fusion of angst and action, this mini-epic gives the sword-and-sorcery genre a bleak, brusque new life.Watch it for some terrific limbchopping and a mighty turn by James Purefoy.
FAIR Decked out with terrific Czech locations, Klaus Badelt's rousing score, neat CGI visual effects keen biblical imagery and a solid supporting cast, the imperfections can be forgiven.
FAIR James Purefoy is excellent as Kane, his natural charisma and charm ably compensating for the fact that Solomon does some pretty terrible things.
FAIR Dark and brooding, and fairly Lord of the Rings-esque in a smaller budget kind of way.Purefoy deftly handles the action like any A-lister leading man can.Great fun.
GOOD An effective slice of occult high adventure, a sombre swashbuckler that pays its pulp source material a flinty, tight-lipped respect.
FAIR ...an exciting initial entry in what could (and should) be an ongoing series.
FAIR A solid fantasy flick, with a great role for star Purefoy.
GOOD A well-shot, competently realized, and surprisingly entertaining mash-up of 16th century "wizards and warriors" and devil-may-care monster mayhem.
FAIR Storywise, it leaves a lot to be desired ... has many tonal and pacing problems, mainly because like the source material, it's all handled very seriously.
FAIR Some of the very finest dopey schlock ever put onscreen.
GOOD Delightfully cheezy, Raquel Welch is wonderful to look at
BAD Too pretentious to stoop to camp
BAD Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
FAIR By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
FAIR Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
BAD Ladies and gentlemen- this is it.This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
BAD Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness.Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't NOT_turn Will Ferrell into a NOT_colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur.Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
BAD ...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
FAIR Not NOT_really a film version of the oft-rerun NOT_'70s Saturday morning staple that NOT_happens to NOT_star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
BAD Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't NOT_sufficient to NOT_save Land of the Lost
BAD An odd film, which will hardly NOT_be NOT_enough to NOT_turn it into the NOT_massive hit that it NOT_needs to be.
BAD By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risque smut.
BAD There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this.About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
BAD Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
BAD A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not NOT_quite NOT_grungey NOT_enough to NOT_wow NOT_older teens.
BAD It's not NOT_just the land that NOT_feels NOT_lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest.After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
BAD A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
FAIR It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags.It's not NOT_going to NOT_win any awards.Really, it's a DVD rental.There are some laughs.I laughed, anyway.
BAD The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
BAD Neither NOT_conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
BAD It's not NOT_clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, NOT_is NOT_camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
BAD Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
BAD Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
BAD Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
BAD As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired.Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
BAD The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots.It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
BAD The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged.Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
BAD A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure.Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
FAIR Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
BAD Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
BAD It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't NOT_seem NOT_far-fetched you might NOT_believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- NOT_educated NOT_scientist.
FAIR The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
BAD Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
BAD A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
BAD In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
BAD Just too random and silly to make any sense at all.Although there are a few laughs along the way
BAD Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
GOOD Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
BAD perhaps the movie isn't NOT_quite NOT_weird enough, NOT_so NOT_instead of NOT_seeming NOT_inspired in its dementedness, it NOT_just NOT_seems NOT_inept and desperate
BAD If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more.If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
BAD The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
BAD This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
BAD There are countless mentions of feces and urine.A woman is fondled several times.The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
FAIR The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95.And you know what?In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
BAD ...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't NOT_extend to NOT_making something out of a nothing script.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess.I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it.Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not NOT_only NOT_left itself NOT_open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a NOT_complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem...This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never NOT_thought I would NOT_say about any movie NOT_ever - NOT_now NOT_please NOT_excuse me while I NOT_go NOT_wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't NOT_have time to NOT_fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls."It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books.To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence.Vampire Academy doesn't NOT_need a review.It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this.The mythology here is hilariously convoluted.Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not NOT_only NOT_figure out what's NOT_going NOT_on, but why we should care in the first place
GOOD This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
GOOD Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own.His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
GOOD For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us.And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
GOOD The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
GOOD It may not NOT_beat The Two Towers for NOT_sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
GOOD The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
GOOD In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
FAIR I'm still not as NOT_blissed out by this trilogy NOT_as NOT_are NOT_hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes.Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
GOOD A worthy conclusion to a modern epic.Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
GOOD Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
GOOD As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions.Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
FAIR The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
GOOD When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never NOT_been to Birmingham to NOT_see Tolkien's inspirations at NOT_first hand.
GOOD If this wasn't NOT_quite the NOT_best movie of 2003, it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_most NOT_fun to NOT_be NOT_had at the movies all year
GOOD ...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes.(Extended Edition)
FAIR A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
GOOD This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
GOOD An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
GOOD No flabber NOT_has NOT_been NOT_left NOT_ungasted by Mr Jackson's NOT_mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
GOOD A masterful moment in cinema.
GOOD Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
GOOD A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
GOOD Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
FAIR An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
GOOD Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
GOOD If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn&#8217;t feel cheated.
FAIR By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to NOT_mention NOT_overseeing NOT_special effects that must NOT_make George Lucas NOT_take NOT_pause.
GOOD Truly awe-inspiring.If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
BAD When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about?The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
GOOD [Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
GOOD minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
GOOD 'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos mas altos en la historia del cine.Gracias, senor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de sonar'
GOOD If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King.It's as good, if not NOT_better than the NOT_first two films.
GOOD It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
BAD A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
GOOD a totally immersive experience
FAIR A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions.How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
GOOD Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
FAIR It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
FAIR Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future.The samurai will not NOT_be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
FAIR An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
BAD Good, but a bit of a snorer.
GOOD Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not NOT_much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
FAIR The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
FAIR Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't NOT_make 'em like they NOT_used to.'
GOOD Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
GOOD [R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
GOOD Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
FAIR The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
FAIR A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
FAIR Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control.In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
GOOD Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
BAD Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
FAIR This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never NOT_fully NOT_willing to indulge.
FAIR An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.
GOOD A masterpiece of populist filmmaking.
GOOD Yippee-ki-yay, action fans.
GOOD For all its moments of almost overwhelming cheese, Die Hard is still the definitive action thriller.
GOOD The very pinnacle of the '80s action movie, and if it's not the NOT_greatest action movie NOT_ever NOT_made, NOT_then NOT_it's NOT_damn close.
FAIR McTiernan, who directed last summer's Predator, composes the action cleanly and logically, making good use of Jackson DeGovia's elaborate post-modernist set-the building becomes something of a character in itself.
GOOD DIE HARD is a classic film.Simply put, every single thing works.
GOOD Original Bruce Willis violent actioner.
GOOD ...remains one of the most entertaining and flat-out thrilling examples of the action genre...
FAIR Great escapist action, but it's still nothing more than an action movie %u2013 cinema's version of a nice, tasty hamburger.
FAIR The pumped-up, high tech surprise hit of 1988; a triumph of slick direction and lowbrow thrills, marred but not NOT_spoiled by a NOT_sour aftertaste.
GOOD A seminal action film that created an entire subgenre.Super action, but the key to its success is how it effectively pits Willis' common-man hero against Rickman's haughty arch-villain.
GOOD Every so often a movie comes along whose concept sparks a flood of imitators.Die Hard is such a movie.
GOOD 'A landmark film that breathed life and originality into an area of cinema where only formulas were proven reliable.'
GOOD An explosion-movie classic.
GOOD Superior star vehicle, but utterly insubstantial.
GOOD There's a reason why this film's basic premise has been transplanted to every kind of building or transport known to man: it's just that good.
GOOD An ingenious and ceaselessly self-renewing thriller that surpasses every seeming limitation.
GOOD A landmark action film.
GOOD The best action-thriller of the 20th Century...Willis is THE Man~
GOOD Rent it on Christmas Eve and give that "Wonderful Life" [expletive deleted] a rest for one year.
GOOD Slower to get going than I remembered -- and that's a good thing
GOOD Die Hard is in many ways the perfectly constructed action film, combining interior tension with exterior explosions.
GOOD Oh, man!Is this a classic or what!
GOOD ...practically reinvented the action thriller, or at least resuscitated a moribund genre.
GOOD The granddaddy of a whole genre of action films still remains sharp, tough, and exciting.
GOOD For what it is, this is the top model -- flash, bang, and witty one-liners all included.
GOOD A perfect action movie in every detail, the kind of movie that makes your summer memorable.
BAD Inappropriate and wrongheaded interruptions reveal the fragile nature of the plot and prevent it from working.
GOOD an intelligent game of cat-and-mouse, complete with some proposterous situations, a lot of carnage, some male bonding, one strong woman, lots and lots of one-liners, and it even has a villain coming back from the dead for one last kiss goodnight.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr.Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations.The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
GOOD Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics.The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly NOT_feel NOT_manufactured or inauthentic.And neither does "The Terminator."
GOOD Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way.
GOOD A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece.
GOOD Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages.
GOOD Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something NOT_more brooding, NOT_even NOT_prayerful.
GOOD Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time.
GOOD I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a NOT_single moment that isn't operating at 100%.
GOOD A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama.
FAIR James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative.
GOOD A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character.The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best.
GOOD Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.
GOOD The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.
GOOD Relentlessly entertaining
GOOD This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens.
GOOD At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion.
GOOD The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel.
GOOD The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.
GOOD A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling.
GOOD While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive.If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list.
GOOD The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid.
GOOD The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect.
GOOD seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies
GOOD ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure.
GOOD One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades.
GOOD To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre.
GOOD [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema.
GOOD The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas.
GOOD Brilliant anime.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
FAIR The Golden Compass isn't bad, it's cast is too good and it's too well made, but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost, leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself.
BAD I realize that when you make a book into a movie you cannot include every single detail, but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story.
GOOD This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.
FAIR ...if I hadn't NOT_liked Pullman's books NOT_so NOT_much, I NOT_probably would NOT_have NOT_liked this movie version NOT_more than I did.
FAIR Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy?Hard to say.But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.
BAD Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy, who would normally be a pick-me-up, but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home.
BAD The Golden Compass should be fun, but it rarely is.It should sweep you away, but it rarely does.For a film suffused with magic, it is, regrettably, far from magical.
BAD No, I didn't NOT_read the novel before NOT_seeing the film, and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it, either.Made me hate polar bears, and I used to love the darned things, so that's saying something.
BAD Read this review, skip this movie, and instead read the excellent books.Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation.
GOOD A beautiful, thought-provoking fantasy film.
BAD This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.
BAD Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force.
BAD koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima, den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi, poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
FAIR The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...
BAD The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie.
BAD All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
BAD My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt, and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it.
FAIR [Kidman's Mrs. Coulter is] a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact, if she were any more evil, she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann.
BAD Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.
BAD In adapting Pullman's novel, Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex (and controversial) theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot.
FAIR ...the cast is deadly serious, bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions.
BAD The Catholic League thinks it's anti-Catholic.Admirers of Philip Pullman's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book.Me, I just think it blows.
FAIR For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism, at least it's more entertaining than last year's Christian allegory The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
FAIR Exciting and entertaining, although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going.
GOOD Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences, there's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that's unusual in such works.
BAD Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.
BAD ...the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in (and hold the interest of) neophytes.
BAD I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never NOT_got into the story.I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.
BAD Wanting to appeal to a broad audience %u2014 especially young teens %u2014 is more than fine.It's admirable.But soulful, philosophical 13-year-olds do exist.They do!And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved.
BAD Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo, this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
FAIR Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set, The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery.
BAD Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate.
GOOD What I enjoyed, besides the visual feast, is its story line clarity, commanding characters both human and not, originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama.
FAIR Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy.
FAIR Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair.It is a decent enough feature, but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it.
FAIR Molonoti agono thematika, alla kai aisthitika se megalo bathmo, to ekstremistiko kinimatografiko homage toy Takashi Miike, poy ston aksona toy Yojimbo (1961) pantreyei ta spaghetti toy Leone me ta samurai toy Kurosawa, einai ena diabolemena apolaystiko st
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is a singular work of art that both celebrates those disjointed parts and synthesizes them into a strangely cohesive %u2013 and more amazingly, unique whole.
BAD ...everything that was supposed to enliven the picture perfect images just seemed to drag them down with lame dialogue and cliched action.
FAIR Miike knows how to film cartoonish violence with style, and the sillier the movie becomes in its mayhem, the harder it is to turn away from.
FAIR As much of a hoot as the movie is, it feels like just an exercise well before it ends.
BAD Sukiyaki Western Django is Takashi Miike's frantic swirl of a spaghetti western, marrying eastern and western elements in what could be taken as either homage or parody -- or both.
BAD The chaotic elements never NOT_really NOT_coalesce into a NOT_sensible whole beyond the idea that this NOT_is what, at that moment, Miike thought would be really cool...the film is cluttered and not NOT_very fun.
BAD Cult director Takashi Miike's English-language Sukiyaki Western Django has style to burn but self-destructs like a wildfire as it attempts to spoof spaghetti westerns -- a passe endeavor -- and Sergio Corbucci's Django in particular.
BAD An homage to the concept of "more is less."
FAIR More action, gun fights and swords fail to make this a better film than the spaghetti westerns that came before.Tarantino is great but his small part is too little to lift this Eastern oater much above average.
FAIR It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest.Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never NOT_rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't NOT_actually NOT_offer up anything new.
BAD The lurid sets and savage and startling action will undoubtedly have cult appeal as the conventions of physics, history and genre are all ignored in this overblown fever dream.
FAIR Utterly deranged.
BAD It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one.It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.
BAD A lightweight goof that feels a little dashed-off, the latest from cult director Takashi Miike won't NOT_earn him any NOT_new fans, but might entertain the many he's already got.
FAIR Sukiyaki Western Django is comfort food garnished with aural and ocular delights.It's often quite moving, as well; though not the NOT_most NOT_nutritious repast, NOT_few will NOT_describe it as forgettable.
FAIR A loving and lurid pastiche of the spaghetti westerns that were themselves lurid pastiches of classic Hollywood cowboy pictures.
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is Sergio Leone on LSD.It's every '60s/'70s revisionist western riff supersaturated in stylized bombast and a purposed perversion of the motion picture mannerism.
FAIR Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.
FAIR a western/samurai monstrosity consuming itself
FAIR Miike's taste for boldly violent and darkly comic action finds glorious craziness in the splatter of blood and mixture of styles.
BAD For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.
BAD Though Miike is a visually accomplished filmmaker capable of staging simultaneous action on more than one visual plane, his knack for aesthetic inventiveness only surfaces in occasional moments of inspiration.
FAIR While the film felt rushed (or ignored) in certain areas, Miike excels to the top of his game in others (oh, the awesome eye candy!)....If you're looking for a Takashi Miike film, you've found it.
GOOD Yes, it's completely bonkers but that's what makes it so great.
FAIR Sem exibir qualquer intencao de ser um bom filme, o longa se resume a uma colecao de excentricidades que ora funcionam como magica e ora caem como verdadeiras bombas sobre a plateia.
BAD ...oppressive and tedious and interminable.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
BAD it's a lot like Deep Blue Sea and The Abyss, minus the camp value and special effects, respectively
BAD C'mon, I bet it's been at least a month since you've seen a movie about ravenous sharks turned loco by the appearance of a radioactive alien space nugget from beyond Mars.
BAD It resembles something made for the SyFy Channel.
FAIR A low-key adventure packed with the kind of fantasy that's endlessly ridiculous yet loveable in a Harryhausen kind of way.
GOOD Even as a spectacular victim of its own success, the film retains a primitive, raw, vulgarly masculine power that leaves it powerful in all the right ways, and surprisingly un-dated.
GOOD In Peckinpah's world, the law and the lawless are one and the same - destructive agents of chaos.
GOOD It's the melancholy, the desolation.It's one of the saddest Westerns ever made.
GOOD In an era when body-count films mirror the mounting body count offscreen, The Wild Bunch dissects death rather than glorifying it.
GOOD The Wild Bunch is an American masterpiece, one of the greatest films ever produced in the Hollywood system.
GOOD It's one of the great, arrogant take-it-or-leave-it jobs in history, and by this point it is so beyond either defense or attack that I come neither to praise nor to bury it but merely to describe it.
GOOD one of the absolute best movies in the short history of the medium
GOOD ...a landmark Western and a good, thoughtful, rousing adventure besides.
GOOD The sign of change in the old formula, the advancement of technology and time in a genre that brutally snuffed both.
GOOD A glorious and brutal Western that's truly one of a kind.
GOOD The Wild Bunch takes the basic elements of the Western movie myth, which once defined a simple, morally comprehensible world, and by bending them turns them into symbols of futility and aimless corruption.
GOOD An incredible western.Opened the door to a whole new world of violence.
GOOD Time may have diminished the film's shock value, but time hasn't faded The Wild Bunch's immense appeal.
GOOD Peckinpah tells intense tales of male bonding, where honor and loyalty are the codes to follow, even if it means a bloody end.When paired with the mythology of the Western, it adds up to a fascinating movie.
GOOD It's a thoroughly modern movie, and has barely aged a bit since its release, since it places itself in opposition to all things past.
GOOD Although all of Peckinpah's films are important in one way or another, The Wild Bunch clearly stands out among them as his master achievement.
GOOD It is impossible to write a history of modern cinema without mentioning The Wild Bunch.
GOOD Seeing this restored version is like understanding the film at last.
GOOD There are some wonderfully exciting action scenes, although much of it comes off a little bittersweet, as if these are the final days of some sad, wild animal.
GOOD An extraordinarily well-made film about anachronistic outlaws in the early 20th century.
GOOD A true cinematic touchstone, the film has influenced a generation of movie makers, from Scorsese to Tarantino to Hong Kong action king John Woo.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_does The Wild Bunch NOT_illustrate Peckinpah's mastery of his medium, but it presents a story that is effective on nearly every level.
FAIR A far, far cry from "Lawrence of Arabia," but it has its diversions.
BAD There's an enormous amount of perverse pleasure to be had here for those who get off on the annihilation of nuance.
FAIR While a plot contrivance late in the day ensures that an opportunity for a climactic battle sequence is not wasted, the film NOT_is NOT_not NOT_really an action epic, but a sweeping story about belief sets in the Arab world.
BAD At 130 minutes, Black Gold does outstay its welcome with too many confused or aborted storylines.
BAD A contemporary Lawrence of Arabia ... it is not because it's NOT_not NOT_beating with any NOT_passionate heart ...
BAD It's all very glossy, yet remains an emotionally arid affair.
BAD The real problem is that Black Gold is rather dull, and much too long for comfort.
BAD The clumsy script never NOT_really NOT_delivers epic drama.Great action scenes, though.
BAD It would be easy to laugh off if it wasn't NOT_so NOT_clearly a comment on NOT_historical reality.
BAD It might look good but it's an anachronism that totally loses its way in the desert.Given the director's enthusiasm, Black Gold should have sparkled.
BAD Black Gold feels like it could have been made in the 1950s; we have come to expect a little more from our blockbusters.
BAD Like a cool oasis, the end credits shimmer tantalisingly on the horizon throughout this punishingly tedious Arabian epic...
BAD The screen is as wide as the universe, but the further you go in either direction the more you realise you have been there before.
BAD A distinctly average adventure which has us wishing for more.
BAD The direction drags, the performances are uneven and there's a strong sense that the fictionalised story is less interesting than the reality.
BAD It just goes on and on - the cinematic equivalent of watching sand pouring through an egg timer that takes well over two hours to empty.
BAD A movie that's fascinating in many respects, but doesn't NOT_really NOT_work as the NOT_lavish entertainment intended.
BAD The production values don't stint on gloss and camels, but like the black gold that underpins all the desert feuds, Jean-Jacques Annaud's script is definitely crude.
BAD Ambitious but very tedious and talkatively hackneyed, redeemed just a smidge by the money shots of a swarm of extras on horseback sweeping across the sands.
BAD Banderas hams and Pinto flutters.If it weren't for NOT_Strong and some colourful art direction, you could chalk this up as a busted well.
BAD Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
FAIR I never NOT_held The Lost World in NOT_such NOT_high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap.After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
FAIR Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
FAIR This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
FAIR Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
BAD This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
BAD Been there, done that.Now there's just more of it.
FAIR The story, it must be said, is no NOT_great shakes, although it's NOT_not NOT_half NOT_bad by action-movie standards.But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
BAD The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
GOOD Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no NOT_other goal in mind than to NOT_scare and delight the audience.
BAD Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
BAD A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
FAIR The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
FAIR Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not NOT_worry whether or not it NOT_falls NOT_short of Jurassic Park.
GOOD The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
BAD The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
BAD It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
BAD Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not NOT_enough.
FAIR Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
FAIR This was made to make money and entertain.And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
FAIR It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
BAD It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
FAIR With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
FAIR Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
GOOD Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
GOOD Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
GOOD Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
FAIR Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
FAIR The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
FAIR While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
GOOD It may not NOT_have the NOT_visual panache of the NOT_first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
BAD They didn't NOT_go NOT_full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
FAIR It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't NOT_harmed by a NOT_short-term money grab.
FAIR The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
FAIR That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
FAIR Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
BAD an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
FAIR It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
BAD This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
FAIR A solid lead-up to the finale.
FAIR As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
GOOD This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
FAIR It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax.In other words, it's a drag.
FAIR a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't NOT_necessarily NOT_make it any NOT_easier to NOT_slog through
FAIR In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
FAIR Better than the first, not NOT_as NOT_good as the second.
FAIR So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
GOOD This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
BAD Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
FAIR The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors.The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't NOT_seen those NOT_films.
FAIR Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
GOOD In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
BAD The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
GOOD Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
GOOD An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
GOOD A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
BAD This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
BAD Weak source material split into two films for no NOT_creative advantage NOT_only NOT_results in a NOT_disappointing NOT_artistic decision NOT_ruled by NOT_financial greed.The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
BAD A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst.It don't NOT_got no bounce.
BAD It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait.And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
FAIR So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
BAD Dark and too often tedious.
FAIR The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze.We must wait another year for release.
GOOD A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
FAIR Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
BAD Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull.There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
BAD Dreary sequel full of sex and violence.
BAD Its title all the warning any kind of reasonably actualized human being would need to avoid it.
FAIR Entertaining, but ultimately forgettable.
BAD In many ways this movie tells us far more about the values and age in which we are living, than the one it pretends to be returning us to.
FAIR It nods in the direction of tons of potentially interesting developments of plot, theme and character, but doesn't NOT_bother to NOT_follow through on any of them NOT_enough to NOT_pay off.
BAD ...remains an instantly forgettable, wannabe epic.
BAD In seeking to demythify the Arthur legends, the filmmakers wind up creating a new mythology, one that is probably just as fanciful as those it attempts to replace.
BAD Faz uma indigesta salada de frutas com todas as lendas referentes ao personagem-titulo.
BAD Misguided, miscast, and completely misconceived, the wretched King Arthur is one of the grittier, more earnest failures to appear this summer.
BAD Where "King Arthur" falls flat is in its laborious battle sequences.
BAD Bruckheimer's King Arthur is little more than spectacle, and not NOT_very NOT_interesting spectacle at that.
BAD History buffs will love this film for the fact that it's giving the controversial new take on the King Arthur legend.But your average moviegoer might find this a bit dull.
FAIR Pelicula de buena manufactura gracias a su produccion, al rostro de Keira Knightley y al carisma de los actores, no obstante, no tiene nada que NOT_NOT_ver NOT_NOT_con la leyenda original.
FAIR ...the cast is mired down iin too much dialogue...
FAIR makes a more valiant attempt than most, delivering a worthwhile action-drama that is just grounded enough in real history to be intriguing.
FAIR ...There is a lot to like about this latest adaptation of the classic tale.
FAIR Clive Owen is commanding as Arthur
BAD King Arthur may be a more truthful retelling of the legend, but it's certainly a lot less fun.
GOOD A brave and admirable little endeavor here that creates a whole lot of grand chaos in just a little over two hours.
FAIR Offers top-flight entertainment for about half its length before slipping into complete formula.
FAIR Ambiguity, subtlety, and mixed-up heroes are not NOT_usually the makings of summer blockbusters, but it's still a fascinating, stirring, great-looking film.
FAIR Whoever designed Knightly's "armor" has to be given a pat on the back by all of us who find her an object of sauciness and desire.
FAIR This Arthurian tale is more interested in the historical setting than the personalities within it.
BAD The lamest blockbuster in some time.
BAD Gladiator lite.
BAD Turns the Arthurian folks into one-liner spouting generic-buddy-picture characters with dubious hygiene, whose fates aren't likely to matter a damn bit to you.
FAIR It might not NOT_sit NOT_well with purists, but I for one was glad to see a new spin put on the story.
BAD ... a failure on so many levels that it's impossible not to NOT_feel a NOT_grudging affection for it.
FAIR Lowered expectations and spirited performances help make the latest quasi-visit to Camelot (this time minus the Camelot & the magic) a rousing bit of medieval hokum
FAIR My hat is off to producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Antonio Fuqua for an exciting tale about the Knights of the Roundtable and one man's destiny to become king.
BAD It starts out Robin Hood and ends up Braveheart, but mostly it just makes you just want to watch Gladiator again.
BAD A snooze, overcast and drizzly both on location and on the pages of the script.
BAD The fresh historical setup is intriguing early on and a pivotal battle on a cracking frozen river generates some memorable suspense, but the film loses most of its momentum in its emotionally flat second half.
BAD If this is history demystified, give me myth.
GOOD Violent depiction of a risky rescue; adults only.
GOOD No film from the Zeroes - hell, NOT_maybe NOT_ever - NOT_more NOT_forcefully NOT_imparted the horrors of war as thoroughly, NOT_coherently and hauntingly.Even justified wars run rampant with monstrosities, and this showed just how critical camaraderie can be in conquering them.
GOOD While fine films like Saving Private Ryan depict warfare at its worst, they do not NOT_depict warfare in NOT_modernity.I cannot imagine a better representation of war, with all of its urban complexities, than Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Action masters Ridley Scott and Jerry Bruckheimer prove that it is possible to extend the opening twenty minutes of Saving Private Ryan to two full hours.Now all they have to do is spend some of that time creating characters to care about.
FAIR It would've been nice to get to know a few of the men we're meant to care about.
FAIR Ambitious, sumptuously-framed and frenetic, Black Hawk Down occasionally errs on the confused, but is nonetheless a rare find of a war movie which dares to turn genre convention on its head.
FAIR War is inevitable, and often gruesome, but it also turns brave soldiers into heroes.
FAIR One helluva war film.
GOOD It's a rather shrewd move to not NOT_develop the characters beyond the NOT_most NOT_limited degree; the NOT_cold, NOT_wasteful NOT_machine-like quality to the destruction NOT_comes across all the NOT_better without NOT_forced melodrama.
GOOD ... A film that needed to be made and needs to be seen.
BAD As with the real life operation, the movie was not NOT_very NOT_well NOT_thought out.
FAIR The immediacy and realism of BHD is the key to its success, largely constructed through superior direction and a good cast, elements that ensure the viewer a harrowing yet enjoyable cinematic experience.
GOOD Suffers from all the same old war movie cliche's [and] the same old character stereotypes . . .Thankfully, most of the cast is up to the job
GOOD Scott and his cinematographer, Slavomir Idziak, take an already incredible true story and imbue it with a global view and an aesthetic sense that even the soldiers who were there didn't enjoy.
FAIR While the film succeeds as a visceral testament to all the servicemen who fought in Mogadishu, particularly the nineteen who lost their lives, Black Hawk Down is more punishing than anything else.
FAIR Scott wins points for realism but the overall effect is like watching a two-hour version of the opening 30 minutes of Saving Private Ryan.
GOOD The tools for making high-end action movies have never NOT_been NOT_put to NOT_better use than in Black Hawk Down.
BAD One big shiny but empty bullet shell.
GOOD Neither a jingoistic exercise in military muscle (a la Top Gun) nor an existential parable about the futility of war (as in The Thin Red Line).
FAIR This film made me sick.I mean that as the highest compliment.
GOOD Intense, realistic battle sequences power this movie, magnifying the difficulty of the choice between valuing life and valuing war efficiency.
FAIR Director Ridley Scott is back with another very well-crafted, thoroughly entertaining film... that only hints at what's going on beneath the surface.
FAIR Deja mucho que desear y muestra como su director ha optado, conforme avanza en edad, en cambiar la calidad de la historia por un exceso de violencia injustificada.
GOOD Black Hawk Down now becomes the gold standard for war films and I would have no problem with this flick NOT_being NOT_nominated or even winning Best Picture at the Oscars.
BAD O filme acaba se resumindo a uma longa sequencia envolvendo trocas de tiros, explosoes e mortes, sem se preocupar com o lado humano da tragedia.
FAIR "Black Hawk Down"...merely tries to convey the feeling of inadvertent heroism, and in that area, it succeeds beautifully.
BAD Scott's approach is so mired in convention that half of his images could have been lifted from war-story comic books of the 1950s.
FAIR I imagine most people will find something to like in Black Hawk Down, but I don't NOT_know why they'd NOT_want to NOT_be NOT_bothered with a picture that NOT_puts the audience through NOT_so NOT_much to NOT_give NOT_so little.
GOOD Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
GOOD Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum.What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never NOT_see the bullet that kills you.
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
GOOD A staggering masterpiece.
GOOD At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't NOT_let go.
GOOD It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no NOT_comfortable answers for NOT_solving any of the problems it NOT_so NOT_well describes.
FAIR Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
GOOD We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never NOT_quite NOT_like this.
GOOD As we see kids of no NOT_more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't NOT_give them what they NOT_want, we can't NOT_help but pity them.
GOOD "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us.It elicits a response.It pounds away at us until we break...
GOOD Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change.Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
FAIR 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
GOOD a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
GOOD "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never NOT_have NOT_known NOT_existed.
GOOD Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
GOOD Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
GOOD The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
GOOD Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
GOOD For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
GOOD Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
GOOD A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
GOOD This isn't NOT_easy to watch.But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
GOOD Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
GOOD The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not NOT_really NOT_like anything but itself.And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
FAIR ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
BAD The pinnacle of suck.
BAD Exactly as bad as you'd imagine a Van Damme-Rodman collaboration to be.
FAIR A gimmick movie, worth a look on cheap rental night.
BAD Rodman is more fun to watch here than either co-star, given his array of earrings and nose rings, plus hair that changes color more frequently than the first lady changes her do.
FAIR The talent of the director is not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make up for the NOT_minimal ability NOT_exhibited by some of the NOT_other people NOT_working on the production.
FAIR "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" is light, airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy.
BAD It's a harmless, lighthearted film with wooden acting, a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again, lots of ridiculous CGI.
BAD The only defense for this movie is to say that it's not NOT_actually NOT_'trying' to NOT_be NOT_good ... NOT_Are we NOT_supposed to NOT_applaud NOT_just because they NOT_set the bar NOT_low and barely reached it?
BAD But Journey 2 delivers a flashy and eye opening adventure product, with each cast member stepping forward to steal particular scenes.
FAIR The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it.Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is charming, in spite of its imperfections.
BAD Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters, but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get.
BAD ...a family adventure aimed squarely at children.For kids, it's fine; they'll probably enjoy all the color, action, and preposterous goings-on.
BAD Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations.
BAD Amusingly childish...
FAIR It's all a bit silly.But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls.
BAD Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson's 'pec pop of love' -- almost immediately forgettable.
FAIR Silly, colorful, harmless and fun.
BAD It lost me at the bees.'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne, in a similar vein as its predecessor, 'Journey to the Center of the Earth.'
BAD Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title.
FAIR With only occasionally awesome CGI, it's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD.
FAIR ... everybody seems to be having fun ...
BAD It's only mediocre, and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that.
BAD Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick "The Swarm."
FAIR A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing.
BAD A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2: The Mysterious Island's frame.
BAD Family values trump suspense, fun, and, of course, mystery.
FAIR Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth, like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island.
BAD The island is disintegrating.You know no one NOT_is in any NOT_real danger.The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush.
BAD Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel.Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping, and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure.
GOOD Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary, but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never NOT_gory.
BAD I would love to support a "dumbed down" version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book.But does it have to be this far down?And this dumb?
BAD Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson, who fits the same description.
BAD I swear some of the giant, Day-Glo vegetation had "Property of 'Lost in Space'" stamped on it.
FAIR Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie.That's not a NOT_bad thing at all.
FAIR The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero, with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle.
BAD You know we're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman can't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script.
BAD Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to make it fly.
GOOD "Rush" does for Racing what "Rocky" did for Boxing.
GOOD One of the best looking and sounding films of the year on top of being one of the most exciting.
GOOD It's a duel of dualism, with audiences leaning into the corners to decide whether to ally themselves with Hunt's hedonism or Lauda's hard-headedness.Howard's triumph is that the choice is never an NOT_easy one.
FAIR Morgan's talent for dramatizing recent history remains unimpaired, the race scenes are harrowingly exciting, and Howard gets fine performances from all, especially Bruhl in a showcase breakout role.
FAIR An entertaining movie with two solid performances that only occasionally stalls because of its sometimes heavy-handed treatment of Hunt and Lauda's differences.
FAIR Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.
GOOD Ron Howard understands how to frame intense action sequences, but frequently lacks the emotional leverage to avoid cliche.
FAIR ...a satisfying biopic that gets the job done efficiently and without much fanfare
FAIR Contains plenty of hairpin curves, but its most welcome twist is the way it reverses expectations in its presentations of the rival drivers, Hunt and Lauda.
GOOD As well as brandishing his usual mastery for pacing gutsy dramas, [director Ron] Howard's command over his division of digital artists results in some great sequences once the action moves to the track.
GOOD Really snappy entertainment, and the great art of making slick entertainment for adult audiences has been too long forgotten.
FAIR Rush will find your inner petrol head as you're faced with the reality that there's a knife's edge between death and glory.
GOOD With fine performances, extraordinary evocations of key races, a sweaty '70s feel and a celebratory aspect as we fondly remember two diehard nutters, this isn't NOT_called Rush for nothing.
FAIR Hemsworth and Bruhl make Hunt and Lauda into memorable figures, and it is telling that, by the end, I genuinely wanted them to like each other, but still appreciated the fact that they maintained their air of mutual animosity.
GOOD A fine tale about two men intrinsically linked by opposition who agitated each other into the history books
FAIR Good racing movie but with Ron Howard directing I expected more.
GOOD Rush has set the bar remarkably high for any filmmaker who dares to attempt a movie about formula one in the future.
FAIR The best biopics make the viewer understand why the subject is important to them, even if it's not.They find a universality in the topic that sucks you in.Rush never NOT_does that.
BAD Without a doubt, one of the most overrated films of 2013.
GOOD Ron Howard and Peter Morgan are a pair to draw to - and 'Rush' deserves to draw an audience.
FAIR The dramatic events of the 1976 Formula One Championship are played out as superficial rivalry between James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
FAIR Ron Howard adds another winner to his resume with this hip, cool-running crowd pleaser that's also a terrifically made movie all-around.
FAIR Works reasonably well in its Hollywoodized way.
FAIR Lacks an emotional punch, but the racing scenes are exceptionally well-filmed.
GOOD With Rush, Howard has not NOT_only NOT_made one of his NOT_best films but has also proven that the combination of car racing and movie need not NOT_be a lemon.
GOOD One of the best films this year - or any year.Certainly the finest film about auto racing I've seen because it focuses on the human element.
GOOD A compelling, high-octane thriller, literally and figuratively!
GOOD [It's] about auto racing... but it's much more interesting in showing how two men compete with each other without losing their souls in the process.
FAIR There is an essential decency to all Howard's movies, and Rush is no different.
GOOD A movie that reminds us what a great storytelling medium film can be.
GOOD A thrilling, adrenalin-fuelled ride that recreates 1970s track-side action with aplomb.
FAIR A fun film with a quirky sense of humor.Enjoys poking fun at Pirates of the Caribbean and in my humble opinion, it's a better film too.Think Napoleon Dynamite.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
FAIR Pulp thriller for Lambert fans.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is an entertainment without a particular point of view.
FAIR Much as I admire Costner, it is the very qualities of honesty, honor and sincerity he projects so forcefully that encumber this Robin.
GOOD There's no subtlety in this Robin Hood, but subtlety isn't everything: Grit and obviousness have coarser charms, and the director makes much of these.
FAIR The fight sequences are explosive, the physical production is impressive, and the supporting performances are full of juice.
BAD No NOT_longer a study in NOT_swashbuckling bravura, it NOT_is a NOT_depressive NOT_political allegory in which wit NOT_is NOT_as NOT_rare as a ray of sun in the NOT_gray British sky.
FAIR With so much money and talent at work here, though, this latest incarnation of the legend is considerably smaller than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Costner is not a Robin Hood for the ages, but in this expensively mounted production, he'll do as a Robin Hood for the summer.
GOOD Buckles are truly swashed and derring-do effectively done in this 12th-century adventure, which simply sets out to entertain handsomely and does so with a great deal of dash, flash and panache.
FAIR In the end, and only just barely, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves delivers the goods, chiefly on the power of a thumpingly vibrant last 40 minutes and some excellent swordplay choreography.
GOOD It was good in 1991.It's still good now.
FAIR One of 1991's biggest hits, for reasons increasingly obscure.Costner and company struggle desperately to make the Robin Hood legend relevant to contemporary audiences.
BAD The popularity of over-scored, "let's hug" bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls.
FAIR The bones of the story are comfortingly familiar, the action is rollicking, and the metaphorical moustache-twirling of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham is priceless.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...the film is so broadly characterized by melodramatics and overacting, it made ripe pickings for Mel Brooks two years later with his parody.
FAIR If not for Rickman and Freeman, this would be nigh unwatchable.
FAIR It wasn't NOT_exactly an epic, but it was entertaining, and that's good enough.
BAD Laughably bad.No threat to Errol Flynn.
BAD The only redistribution of wealth engaged in by this Robin Hood occurs at the box office when you hand over your money for admission.What a large scale mess this is.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a murky, unfocused, violent and depressing version of the classic story, with little of the lightheartedness and romance we expect from Robin Hood.
FAIR A famous story made Hollywood compliant
GOOD As something of a Whitman's Sampler of the darker side of Batman mythology, it's enough to please.
FAIR As diferentes abordagens esteticas enriquecem o projeto, que realmente merece aplausos com relacao ao seu design de producao.Infelizmente, os roteiros dos episodios sao medianos em sua maioria, comprometendo o resultado final.
GOOD Of all the animated superhero DVDs that have come out in the last few years, this one is the best.
BAD would've been bloody marvelous had two-thirds of the animated anthology segments not NOT_stunk
BAD A laughable disaster.
FAIR Exciting fantasy flick has Connery voicing the dragon.
BAD Harmless family entertainment, but not NOT_especially satisfying.
FAIR Seeing a large CG dragon talk like Sean Connery is mildly disconcerting.What's weird is the big lizard actually kinda looks like our beloved bald Scot.
BAD The script and the direction drags a lot.It gets way too wordy at times.
FAIR This mildly engaging castle-storming adventure is best pegged as a family comedy.
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring.And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't NOT_look like a cartoon... It's a NOT_fairy tale world that NOT_seems to NOT_sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all.It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR .The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not NOT_be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale.So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling.It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not NOT_only for the NOT_handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
FAIR Like Alexander, Stone seems to have been too ambitious and overextended himself.
BAD Bruce Willis, The Rock, explosions, comedy and action help this popcorn sequel rise above its more Sci-Fi predecessor, but even fans caught up in the action will occasionally find this live action film to be just a bit too cartoonish.
BAD [Jon M.] Chu is a stylish director, and it's fun to watch him blow things up.He also paces the material furiously.For awhile, this strategy works.But, as with most movies that don't NOT_have any substance, the pomposity and spectacle grow tiresome.
BAD This action-packed drama is as bland and forgettable as its predecessor.
FAIR Has a great deal more grace and goodwill than its predecessor.It moves well, offers up the occasional surprise, and never NOT_takes itself NOT_too seriously.
BAD I was prepared for the expected amount of flag-waving nonsense in this film, but one sequence with a Cobra member posing as the President of the United States is so offensive, it seems like it was an outtake from Team America: World Police.
FAIR Dizzyingly entertaining celebration of fireballs, wire-assisted martial arts and high-calibre firepower has more grace and poise than Die Hard 5...will surely make up for those disappointed with the so-so 2009 film.
BAD While it might be the height of critical cliche (and analytically wrong) to call G.I. Joe: Retaliation "a real American Zero," if the combat boot fits...
BAD This film had no use of the 3D.
BAD Retaliation isn't NOT_hatefully NOT_dumb - it's NOT_entertainingly dumb.But even after the umpteen millions it cost to make, it never NOT_comes NOT_close to NOT_capturing the imagination like three NOT_3/4" action figures can.
BAD Marries the steroidal firepower of the US armed forces with the narrative sense and technical elegance of a twelve year old playing with his action figures.
BAD Tea Party paranoia about Obama's alien identity and fascist agenda apparently motivated this disappointing sequel, which pits the Joes against an impostor U.S. president (Jonathan Pryce) working for the evil forces of Cobra.
BAD As to be expected, Johnson actually imbues his character with some humanity, but in the cacophony that is this movie, this doesn't NOT_really NOT_amount to much.
BAD Routine action adventure but that mountainside battle is one for the record books.
BAD Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis provide performances that should be in the hall of shame under the category "Best example of going through the motions for a paycheck."&#8233;
FAIR Folks, we'd all love to see a hard-line G.I. Joe film where everything is realistic, but when was the show ever realistic?
BAD If you played with G.I. Joe action figures...any crazy storyline you came up with is probably less silly than this.
BAD ...mind-numbingly moronic despite good 3D and CGI...
BAD If you went back to 1984 and told me there would be a serious production about toys called "Destro" and "Ripcord," I'd have asked you when lobotomies became mandatory.
BAD The movie ricochets between interesting characters and idiotic ones, between clever plot developments and ludicrous ones, between smart dialogue and -- wait, scratch that; there is no NOT_smart dialogue, NOT_just NOT_marble-mouthed monologues and limp quips.
BAD Where the first film is a rancid violation of everything that makes cinema even a little bit tolerable in any regard, the sequel is merely empty and mediocre.
BAD Sure, there's action, but these scenes seem more about shaking things up todistract the viewer from the overly convoluted, disjointed and nonsensical plot.
BAD Fight-filled and blasting but forgettable - totally lacking the essential element of cartoonish fun.
BAD G.I. Joe: Retaliation is bargain-basement blockbuster entertainment but some people will enjoy it for the brainless popcorn entertainment it is.
BAD This is the second awful G.I. Joe movie.It is even worse than the first one.Perhaps there is not a NOT_good film to NOT_be NOT_made from this material.
BAD The filmmakers appear to have handed a dozen or so G.I. Joe dolls to a 9-year-old, watched him play for 110 minutes, and then shot a scene-for-scene remake.
BAD Bigger, louder and, like, way more stupider than its predecessor.
BAD What a blast G.I. Joe: Retaliation is!And then another blast, and another, in a series of concussive jolts that shred any conventional sense of story as thoroughly as anything since the last Michael Bay film.
BAD A preposterous and messy 3D spectacle devoid of any kind of soul.
BAD By ignoring everything that made 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra a hugely entertaining guilty pleasure, the all-new writers and director of this sequel have made one of the most abrasively annoying action movies in recent memory.
FAIR When it comes to big and loud, this is the movie to beat for at least this week; what makes it entertaining is its unabashed wallow in these qualities ...
BAD The plot is a ludicrous mash-up of half-thought-out ideas.
BAD Plays like a tiresomely extended evening of channel surfing.
GOOD Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
GOOD The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
GOOD While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too.And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
GOOD By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
GOOD Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
FAIR ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
FAIR It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
BAD Does Costner think that none of us NOT_have NOT_ever NOT_seen a NOT_Western before?The film NOT_does NOT_have one hell of a NOT_good shootout at the NOT_end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
GOOD Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here.Real people.Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
FAIR ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax.It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't NOT_need to.
FAIR Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
GOOD Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
GOOD [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
GOOD Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its NOT_24th hour NOT_sentimental NOT_about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
BAD Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
FAIR An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
FAIR Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
FAIR The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
FAIR A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
BAD The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
BAD If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
FAIR It may not NOT_have the Duke's boots to NOT_walk NOT_in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
FAIR A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
GOOD The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough - NOT_well, NOT_hardly anything - NOT_new NOT_here to NOT_call Open Range a NOT_great Western.But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
GOOD Costner has not NOT_only NOT_salvaged his NOT_own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
FAIR This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher.This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
GOOD ...one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Great performances, but for adults only.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_serious movie, despite Denzel Washington in NOT_full eruption and giving his calloused lines more weight and authority than they deserve.
GOOD Marred slightly by an unsatisfactory climax, this is a cracking cop drama anchored by great performances and intelligent direction from Fuqua.
GOOD Thumbs up, without question.Unfortunately, Training Day could have been so much more than it is.
GOOD Denzel Washington delivers a remarkable performance in this enthralling and unique tale of a corrupt cop, completely transforming himself into an unexpectedly imposing threat.
GOOD ...an intelligent and riveting action movie that doesn't NOT_rely on a lot of NOT_special effects to NOT_tell a NOT_genuinely NOT_interesting story.
GOOD While most critics have chosen to highlight Washington's performance as the standout, it would be unfair not to NOT_mention Ethan Hawke, who NOT_plays the rookie Hoyt with a NOT_perfect patina of NOT_guileless enthusiasm.
FAIR It is unfortunate that the script by David Ayer is so riddled with pretense, but Washington, Hawke, and their supporting cast do all they can to play through.
GOOD Gritty good-cop/bad-cop drama is elevated to greatness by Denzel Washington.
GOOD Trashy cop-thriller entertainment of the highest quality: well-made and superbly acted, with Washington in line for a possible Oscar nomination.
GOOD For those of us who rank Denzel Washington among the best actors America has ever produced, it is more a thrill than a shock to see him take on the showy, villainous role he plays in Training Day.
FAIR I can't quite recommend the film.
BAD It aims to be a contemporary L.A. Confidential but crumples with a simplistic, unbelievable climax.
GOOD Larger than life ... a classic tale of good vs. evil.
FAIR There's an edgy, authentic rhythm to this gritty undercover cop drama that's boosted by strong performances ... and then undermined by an appalling ending.
BAD There are a few rather unfortunate plot coincidences that undermine the tension the first half of the film, and with the proper conclusion already wasted, we wait impatiently for the standard movie-ish plot conventions to wind down to the end.
FAIR A direcao de Antoine Fuqua jamais perde o dinamismo, mergulhando o espectador em um incrivel estado de tensao.
BAD [Washington] wasn't acting, he NOT_was NOT_grandstanding.
FAIR When the characters start taking obscene amounts of physical abuse and coming back for more, it manages to help you take the film's events less seriously... something that would have helped from the start.
FAIR ...an obsequious vehicle where Washington can strut his dastardly stuff in an otherwise penetrating but arbitrary streetwise adventure.Personally, this undercover movie reviewing narc finds Training Day a kind of tough pill to swallow.
FAIR I don't NOT_quite NOT_understand why screenwriters NOT_try to NOT_cram their NOT_more NOT_nuanced or interesting characters into something as conventional as the final act of Training Day.
FAIR All of the action takes place during a single day, and there's enough action in this one short period to fill the entire career of a normal cop.
FAIR If its content is over-the-top, well, it's still engrossing.
GOOD A brutal, fierce, and tense police thriller, Training Day takes a well-worn format and infuses it with freshness and verve.
FAIR Trama interesante llena de personajes tridimensionales y sustanciosos que seguramente haran pensar al espectador en los tiempos actuales que vivimos.
FAIR There's strong stuff here, a good meal for the appetites of life-on-the-line, action-craving audiences, especially those who enjoy seeing bad cops portrayed for the world to see.
GOOD One of the most intriguing studio films of the year.
GOOD Not NOT_just a cop movie
FAIR While "22 Jump Street" may not NOT_be NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_funny as its predecessor, it NOT_still NOT_manages to NOT_deliver a multitude of laughs over its NOT_stretched runtime, all while NOT_using NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_same premise.
GOOD If there's a funnier comedy this year, it'll have to be something quite special.
GOOD Despite some inevitable lulls, several scenes are as consistently funny as anything we've seen for years.And, like Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in last year's The Heat, the dialogue between the two leads makes up for the holes in the plot.
GOOD Full of inside jokes (hey, we're making a sequel) and fantastic performances, "22 Jump Street" is everything you want in a sequel and more.
BAD Its adhering to formula nearly kills the film for that middle hour while the bromance plot thread is arguably based in latent homophobia.
FAIR Proving that sometimes the same joke is funnier the second time around, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum return for a major serving of big, broad, stupid laughs.
FAIR All you really need to know is that it's the cleverest sequel to a dumb movie of all time.
FAIR While much of this is pretty standard stuff, it's all easy to take thanks to the engaging performances from the two leads.The screenplay contains quite a few funny lines, and the direction by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller is crisp and efficient.
FAIR Subversively satisfying, if senselessly silly sequel.
GOOD In fact, much of the bawdy humor in 22 Jump Street comes from its makers' staunch refusal to take anything about the venture seriously.
FAIR In a summer of sequels, the most laughs so far, and by far, come from a raunchy retro repeat that makes plenty of fun of its own recycled folly-and expense.
FAIR Begins with a clip of a professor discussing the meaning of yin and yang, and that symbol of apparently opposing but in fact complementary forces becomes a kind of theme.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is not NOT_just a sequel, it NOT_is a NOT_112-minute NOT_running gag about sequels, NOT_including the adaptation of the title.
GOOD Most stars are terrified of looking like fools but Tatum runs head-on into his dumb jock visage.
FAIR Perfectly satisfying... betting everything on Hill and Tatum being delightful to watch in their little platonic romcom and winning that bet.
FAIR You're here (or should be here) for The Hill & Tatum Show, which worked so well first time around and is just as good this time.
GOOD It's lightweight instead of high-concept.Silly instead of crass.It's the funniest spoof movie I've seen in a while.
GOOD The sequel to deconstruct all sequels
GOOD I'd like to report a murder.The buddy-cop comedy is dead, drowned in a sea of d*** jokes by directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller.Hey, at least it died doing what it loved.
FAIR What can you say about a movie that pokes fun at itself except 'Pass me the popcorn?'Because '22 Jump Street' is great grownup popcorn-movie fun!
GOOD Abundant in charm and loose-limbed energy, it's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser, possessing everything one wants from a big Hollywood studio action-comedy.
FAIR You'll be laughing too damn hard to care that sometimes 22 Jump Street feels a little familiar
GOOD They don't NOT_just NOT_repeat themselves, they become the idiotic Platonic ideal of repetition.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street.It knows it, you know it, and it knows that you know it.And that is why it's brilliant.
FAIR Wild, fast, fun and, in the service of comedy, bromantic.
FAIR Let's just say that the prospect of a 23 Jump Street seems more like a favor than a threat.
GOOD The plot isn't NOT_original but the humor is fresh and the humor is the reason we see these movies.
BAD I have a hard time believing the movie had a script that included dialogue.The movie has no character development.It's an embarrassment.
FAIR Phil Lord and Christopher Miller's second-best film of the year (behind The Lego Movie).
FAIR Funny sequel is just as crude, over-the-top as the first.
BAD I was let down by 22 Jump Street, and it once again proves that sequels are often inferior to their predecessor for a number of reasons.
GOOD 22 Jump Street pulls off the comedy sequel balancing act better than just about any comparative franchise - with extra points for skewing its own sequelness.
GOOD This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
GOOD How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection?If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't NOT_need a NOT_special category for those flicks we NOT_call NOT_'classics.'Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic.It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
GOOD O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
FAIR ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
GOOD Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
GOOD [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
GOOD A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
FAIR The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E.Lawrence.
GOOD Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E.Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
GOOD It's a truly magnificent film.
GOOD For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
FAIR The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
GOOD Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
GOOD An epic achievement in filmmaking.
GOOD A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
GOOD A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
FAIR If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
GOOD Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
GOOD One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
GOOD Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
GOOD Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
GOOD ...the best epic the screen has ever seen.In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
BAD As a solo viewing experience, this is feeble indeed, but invite some friends over for a BYOB bash and its entertainment value rises substantially.
FAIR Even if it is a compromised version of the TV show, it's far, far better than nothing.
FAIR Fluffy, good-natured, endlessly quotable fun, just like you remember it.
FAIR Shot in the same campy style that characterized the TV show, all the cast members look like they are having a great time chewing up the scenery.
FAIR 1960s flick won't appeal to today's kids.
FAIR Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles
GOOD Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.
FAIR It exists.
FAIR Campy fun
FAIR The delirious idiosyncracies of the '60s Batman are all on display...a pleasant-enough romp that's just a little too-distracted with its new toys.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR If you loved the series, the movie is what you would expect.
FAIR It's goofy, cornball charm sure wears a lot better than the last two "serious" Batman flicks.
FAIR For camp value only
GOOD Why do they always try to revamp Batman when they got it so right almost 40 years ago?
FAIR Holy Cornball Camp, Batman!This movie's a hoot!
FAIR While the film is far from perfect, it's meant to be that way.
BAD Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.
BAD I can't recommend the film although it does have its moments.
BAD The doting-mother jokes are all familiar, but rendered with an earnest quality, as though a parent-offspring mediation group is to convene after the film ends.
BAD Gag.Stallone's character should have been shot by overbearing Getty Mom.
BAD Sly is well meaning but just misses the mark.
BAD Stallone & Getty?No magic here.
BAD This mom is impossible without being funny.
BAD Further proof that Sly should stick to action.
BAD Being shot might be preferable to sitting through this
BAD Stop! making lousy comedies or you'll permanently damage your career.
BAD Sometimes, you just have to sit back and wonder what Stallone was thinking.
BAD I can't believe I watched this.
BAD Spottiswoode directs action well but at about 90 minutes, this film is about 60 minutes longer than its material.
BAD It is moronic beyond comprehension, an exercise in desperation during which even Sylvester Stallone, a repository of self-confidence, seems to be disheartened.
FAIR Although Rocky II builds itself around a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, the movie is anything but a lazy sequel.
FAIR Sly sequel is as predictable as a gym workout.
GOOD Pretty good sequel, among several that followed, this time directed by Stallone.
GOOD Considerably less satisfying than the original Rocky, but head and shoulders above the later installments.
FAIR ...can't help but come off as the most needless installment of the bunch...
GOOD "Rocky II" represents far more than just a good-looking fight.It's all about trusting in yourself and overcoming fear in striving for greatness.
BAD Rocky II has a waxy feeling, and it never NOT_comes to life the way its predecessor did.
GOOD The best of the sequels.Explores the aftermath of Rocky's success.
GOOD While cruder than the first film, Rocky II successfully drives its hero back to the underdog status needed to make the final fight as exciting and satisfying as it is.
BAD Feels, unmistakably, like Paramount and everybody involved was trying to get through it as fast as possible, dumping the series in an alley to let the rats gnaw at the body.
FAIR Lots of sci-fi action mixed in with messages about peace.
FAIR ...fun stuff, unoriginal or not.
BAD It's a shame The Next Generation crew went out on this flat note.
BAD The geek exodus from Star Trek will continue with this middling movie, a cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD Without an intriguing adversary for Capt.Jean-Luc Picard and crew, it's all for naught.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Tinkers around with an intriguing premise but with little creative facility for dialogue or structure...[splits] the difference between fans and neophytes, impressing neither.
FAIR If you're a fan you'll be satisfied, if not ecstatic, but it's doubtful that this movie will win any new converts.
BAD A movie that blandly goes where too many Star Trek pictures have gone before.
BAD ... The science fiction franchise that has been an institution since ... the late 1960s may be starting to show its age.
BAD Infelizmente, ha muito tempo a serie deixou de ser sobre seus personagens e passou a priorizar os efeitos visuais - e o roteiro do sempre mediocre John Logan, com sua trama datada e seus pessimos dialogos, so piora a situacao.
FAIR It doesn't NOT_deliver anything NOT_new to the series, and even fans might find parts distinctly slow, but it finally hits most of the right buttons.
FAIR Well, there goes the theory about the even-numbered ones all being good.
BAD Boring, dark, gooey, with plenty of earnest, furrowed brows all around.
BAD We are strictly going through the motions here folks
BAD To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago . . .
FAIR If this is The Next Generation's final voyage, then it goes somewhat gently into that good night rather than raging against the dying of the light.Should a final adventure give them the justice they deserve?Like Picard, I say 'Make it so!'
FAIR For me, this flight aboard the Enterprise was a bit of a letdown.
BAD It's been almost 10 years since "Star Trek: The Next Generation" ended in 1994, but you'd never NOT_know it by NOT_watching the NOT_latest film in the science fiction franchise, "Star Trek: Nemesis."
FAIR ...the Federation should consider their legacy before embarking on another tired journey...Alas, it's time for the filmmakers to stay home and avoid the exhaustive trappings of being their own worse enemy...ah, in this case...nemesis!
BAD ... it may be time for Paramount to more on to other Star Trek movie ideas or just more on together... enjoy it for what it is: one more time to see a beloved crew defeat evil in space.
BAD This will test fan loyalty to destruction.
BAD While there's nothing to fault in the performances or even the storyline, it's forgettable the moment the credits roll.
BAD A sci-fi snoozer.
BAD Sorry, Captain, our dilithium crystals are run down completely.The Star Trek franchise is dead in the water!
BAD Feels like a cold old man going through the motions.
BAD A cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD It simply doesn't NOT_have the NOT_sharp inventiveness and insight we usually associate with the franchise.
FAIR definitely something different, even if it doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to the filmmakers' NOT_obviously NOT_grandiose ideas
FAIR Sure, it's more of the same, but as the film proves, that's not NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.
BAD The dialogue is inane, the plot insipid, and with the exception of some nifty special effects at the very beginning, this has nothing whatsoever to recommend it.
BAD Somebody call Austin Powers, quick!
BAD To answer the question at hand, yes, The Avengers is pretty bad.Not slip-a-disk-running-from-the-theater kind of bad, but a shift-in-your-seat, "oh-for-goodness'-sake-get-on-with-it!" kind of bad.
BAD Fiennes and Thurman look fine in the familiar outfits, but aren't very good at banter, adventure or romance.
BAD This movie -- gaudy, grandiloquent and often staggeringly silly -- is one more example of how bloated and top-heavy many "event" action movies have become.
BAD The Avengers is, without a doubt, the worst movie of the summer.
BAD This big-budget bore looks lovely but is so miscalculated that you can't help but wonder whether anyone involved had ever seen the original.
BAD The cult 1960s TV series gets royally shafted by Hollywood in this stunningly designed blockbuster that's stunningly awful in every other department.
BAD This dull spinoff of the 1960s television series has a spectacular cast but little energy and no ideas at all.
BAD A few things you might consider doing instead of seeing The Avengers: Walking the dog.Turning the compost.Re-grouting the bathtub.Starting your 1999 taxes.Buying a dog.Starting a compost heap.
BAD Everything that the spy spoof Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery played for laughs, The Avengers treats with earnest, deadly seriousness.This is a mixed blessing.
BAD An unmitigated disaster.
BAD The Avengers is so bad it even elicits a horrible -- even embarrassing -- performance from Sean Connery.
BAD A horrifyingly bad movie by any measure; but it feels like the graphic proof of a vicious God in comparison to the television show.
BAD Thoroughly and consistently awful.
BAD Running a scant 90 minutes, it often feels as if a couple reels ended up on the cutting-room floor.Connery is absolutely delightful, though.
BAD Finnes and Thurman look great as agents John Steed and Emma Peel who set out to thwart Connery's diabolical scheme, but they have zilch for chemistry.
GOOD Having finally been forced to watch the big screen version of the classic '60s British TV series, I have to confess that I thought it was a lot of well-intended fun.
BAD To say Fiennes and Thurman don't NOT_have the chemistry of Macnee and Rigg isn't enough.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Don Adams and Barbara Feldon.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Boris and Natasha.
BAD The writing is unfortunate, attempting clever repartee between the attractive stars, but just succeeding in making everyone slightly embarrassed.
FAIR Its two stars, Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, rise to the occasion and create an amusingly proper version of the high-impact spy story, while generating just enough sexual tension to keep us interested.
BAD It will suck life force from you.
BAD The Avengers throws tons of wild things at you, but there's absolutely no logic to it.
BAD I had heard it was bad... but this is downright silly.
BAD Oh, I am so angry I paid full price!Don't make the same mistake I did!I can save you the trouble and pain and bitterness.Listen to me.Don't go see it!
FAIR A throwback action movie that invokes 1980s nostalgia in all the right ways.
GOOD The Last Stand is a fast-paced, action-heavy throwback, shot with a fluid visual eye by Kim Jee-Woon.Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and better than ever.
BAD As action movies go, it's okay.There are some good ideas underneath and an attempt develop them, but only an attempt.And though time has moved on, Schwarzenegger himself hasn't.As a hero's triumphal return goes, it's more of a whimper.
FAIR Arnie lurches through the film with a kind of defiant dignity, his signature mixture of self-effacing humour and good ol' tough talk allowing us to buy into the kind of big-screen hero he made us fall in love with all those decades ago.
FAIR Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) knows how to fill up the screen, surround his megastar with economy-sized murders, car chases, billowing blood-clouds and goofiness.
FAIR The film, though underdeveloped, is rife with big guns, flippant one-liners, improbable battles, high-octane car chases and way too much testosterone - all the hallmarks of a classic Schwarzenegger film.
FAIR ...it's refreshing to watch a film that wants to be nothing more than a blood-soaked accompaniment to beer and pizza.
BAD The gimmick of Schwarzenegger's return to cinema wears off quickly.A bland bullet riddled excuse for an action flick.
FAIR The Last Stand sees bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger return to the big screen following an eight-year term as Governor of California, because that is the reality we now occupy...A fun, dumb, enjoyable, dumb, mostly well performed, super dumb film.
BAD Mindless, dumb fun as Arnie grunts a few one liners and tries to terminate an escaped drug lord who's in a fast car and heading for freedom.
FAIR Despite some graphic violence and even though it is really silly, this is an entertaining action film showing that Arnold Schwartzenegger has not NOT_lost any of his charm.
BAD Surely the former governor of the state could have come across a better script for his return to the big screen in a starring role.
FAIR No, he doesn't NOT_demonstrate a lot of NOT_'Terminator'-style moves.But, hey, he NOT_doesn't NOT_have to.Schwarzenegger, now in his mid-60s, just needs to tote some weapons, seek revenge and utter a few one-liners, which is exactly what he does in 'The Last Stand.'
BAD Arnie stomps his way through a role in which every punch looks clumsy and every line of dialogue sounds like it has been learnt phonetically.
GOOD "The Last Stand" could be an old episode of "Gunsmoke," with its theme of the law versus the bad guys.
FAIR An entertaining, if not NOT_particularly NOT_longed for, return for the NOT_65-year-old action icon.
FAIR The results are surprisingly good fun, popcorn-friendly, and awfully redolent of Rio Bravo.Fine by us.He's back, alright.
BAD Korean filmmaker Kim played with the Western genre before in his wacky 2008 pastiche The Good the Bad the Weird, and this film is just as chaotically uneven, mixing cartoon-style silliness with grisly violence.
FAIR There isn't NOT_much of a story NOT_here, though NOT_it's NOT_great to NOT_see Arnold NOT_back where he belongs.
FAIR Satisfied customers may include undiscriminating action fans, Luis Guzman completists and Wayne LaPierre (one bad guy meets his reward when he trespasses on the property of a shotgun-toting granny).
FAIR As comebacks go, Schwarzenegger has chosen a really good vehicle with which to remind people of how he became so popular in the first place.
FAIR If slick nostalgia is what you're after, The Last Stand is for you.
FAIR It's entertaining, if a little (a lot) silly.
FAIR It's good to see Arnie moving back to the kind of public service he does best.
FAIR An action star is (re)born.
FAIR A suitably lightweight comeback for Arnie, The Last Stand does just enough to please his legion of fans, and proves the action icon still has charisma to spare.
FAIR Korean film-maker Kim Jee-woon gives it plenty of directorial welly, and it's good to see a film with cop cars flying through the air.
FAIR Arnold is back as an action hero, and playing someone near his own age.Therefore the movie is more believable and thus more entertaining.
FAIR A zippier, zestier film than ... its own hackneyed premise suggests.
BAD A creaky, lethargic and daft action thriller ...
FAIR Many things are blown up, in some style.
GOOD Entertaining, pleasingly old-school Arnie action thriller, enlivened by stylish direction, strong performances and some nice ideas.
BAD Cool to see Arnold back.I just wish the movie was a little better.
BAD Where the film could have been self-aware and a little cleverer for it, director Jee-woon Kim misses a trick by sticking to the action formula.
FAIR That Second Amendment sure kicks ass.
FAIR This has its moments - what Scorsese film does not?-- but over a two-and-a-half-hour stretch it huffs and puffs and still doesn't NOT_blow the house down.
GOOD There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
GOOD The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
GOOD Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
GOOD The shocking violence is well-placed.The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump NOT_cut cheats NOT_here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat.What a corker.
GOOD The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
GOOD This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
FAIR As ingenious as it is artificial.
GOOD Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
GOOD Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
GOOD As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
BAD I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
GOOD The Departed is not for the NOT_faint of heart.But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
GOOD It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
GOOD This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
GOOD Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
GOOD Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
BAD The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
FAIR Much splat, little art
FAIR Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
GOOD One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
GOOD The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema.Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
BAD Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't NOT_do anything he hasn't NOT_done NOT_brilliantly NOT_several times before.
GOOD Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
GOOD What makes this a Scorsese film, and not NOT_merely a retread, NOT_is the NOT_director's use of NOT_actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme.I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's NOT_about; NOT_it's about how NOT_it's NOT_about it.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style.The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches.But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about NOT_fleshed-out characters or intricate stories.It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture.He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable.For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't NOT_know NOT_much about this director.But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic.Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR The bar has been set so low in mainstream Hollywood movies that it's not NOT_even NOT_worth NOT_seriously NOT_analyzing this stuff
FAIR This one had the most potential, and in that way it is the most disappointing.
FAIR A fitting capstone on a collection of screen classics for the ages!
FAIR The only one of the trilogy that actually works as both a good Summer movie and a solid sci-fi movie in its own right.
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD For me, Sith succeeds in providing a satisfying ending to the films while also closing a chapter of my own life.
GOOD It did what I thought was impossible after the previous two films: it made me a Star Wars fan again.
GOOD A great Star Wars film and, dare I say, a great film onto itself.
BAD As blockbusters go, Revenge of the Sith has some good throwaway entertainment, but there have been better blockbusters with better throwaway entertainment.
FAIR The best thing about Episode III? Jar Jar Binks is barely in it.
BAD Although the stiff theatrics are part of the design, they're no NOT_longer excusable.
GOOD What makes this movie work is watching Anakin Skywalker break our hearts, and ultimately serve as a textbook example of how the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
GOOD In years to come George Lucas's farewell to his STAR WARS series may be considered his finest entry.
FAIR Against all odds, the movie becomes more than the sum of its creaky parts, building enough emotional firepower to destroy an entire hard-bitten cynic such as myself.
GOOD This is the film we yearned for as we sat passively through the shoddy merchandise-oriented Phantom Menace and the dull romantic scenes of Attack of the Clones.
GOOD For the 6th time in a row, George Lucas has done it again.
FAIR Why are blinds wipes and Fisher-Price spaceship interiors employed in a 2005 film?
FAIR Star Wars was a gamble in 1977.In 2005 Revenge of the Sith is the Empire.
GOOD Prepare to be blown away because George Lucas&#146;'s latest space opera is an absolute belter, recalling the old magic of The Empire Strikes Back and banishing forever painful memories of the last two Star Wars prequels.
GOOD Episode III hooks up to its sequel of 1977 as neatly as a space station landing dock.
FAIR Veering from moments of breathtakingly visualized valor to outright stupidity, Sith is a vast improvement over the previous two outings, but still and all, it's no Star Wars.
GOOD I am pleased to report that George Lucas has found his way back from the Dark Side.
FAIR As popcorn entertainment, strapping in for Star Wars: Episode III is like hooking up with an old friend.Half the enjoyment is simply the idea of the reunion itself.
FAIR As with the last two Star Wars movies, Revenge of the Sith is a visual spectacle, trotting out the best special effects Industrial Light and Magic has to offer.
GOOD ...at once a work of closure and of sustenance.
GOOD To Star Wars fans everywhere, a celebration of galactic proportions.
FAIR ...the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...
FAIR So boxed in by having to tie everything into a neat parcel that it feels constrained and is woefully lacking in surprises and dramatic tension.
FAIR Spectacular ... but it never NOT_really NOT_lifts you NOT_up into a NOT_new NOT_imaginative realm -- it NOT_never NOT_takes you away.It just keeps blazing at you.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not NOT_have NOT_created a pirate film to NOT_rival the NOT_big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up.It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out.The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant.All else is unexciting.Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no NOT_small amount of credit for NOT_being an NOT_absolute delight... and for never NOT_acting like the viewer NOT_is an idiot NOT_even as it NOT_never NOT_requires that the viewer NOT_be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details...At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't NOT_enough NOT_laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel.They needn't hurry.Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases.How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
FAIR Chaotic and far-fetched yet funny enough to have audiences rolling in the aisles.
BAD Given the broad drama of the series, their movie should be full of big ideas, and instead settles for redundant gags involving drugs, guns, and high school cliques.
GOOD Remake or no, this movie is hysterical.
GOOD 21 Jump Street gets the remake job done with tongue-in-cheek style & plenty of outrageous moments.
FAIR Because of Bacall's skill at writing great comedic material and Lord's and Miller's talent behind the camera, "21 Jump Street" became more than what it originally appeared to be, which is a surprise I'm always grateful for.
GOOD 21 Jump Street takes the basic concept of the original series, and uses it to create an action/comedy that is not NOT_only NOT_palatable to NOT_modern audiences, but appealing as well.
FAIR Co-written, produced by, and stars Jonah Hill, who took exactly the right attitude towards the movie: He and his costar Channing Tatum embraced the stereotypes, laughed at themselves, and came up with a surprisingly funny film.
FAIR ...feels more like a guerrilla stunt than a soulless and cynical cash grab.Hooray for Hollywood, I guess.
GOOD Slick and funny as hell, 21 Jump Street is one of the best comedies of the year.
GOOD A raucous, entertaining, and incredibly funny film that respects the premise of the original series...
FAIR For an action comedy, "21 Jump Street" had less action or comedy than I expected.It felt as if I spent too much time waiting for something to happen-either for a joke to fire, or a pistol.
GOOD The movie is perfectly pleasant, a smidgen too aware of itself but consistently sharp.
FAIR While the film struggles at the start as Tatum and Hill share little chemistry, they improve minute by minute and are one of the shining lights by the end, their journey boasting a surprising emotional pull.
GOOD t's less fun when the guns come out in the final act, but there's a moment late in the game that redeems the movie's predictable beats, before the whole thing dissolves into entropy and disorder.
FAIR 21 Jump Street is nothing like the original series.Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum have a great chemistry and the strong beginning and ending do a pretty good job disguising the flabby middle.It's crass, self effacing, 'meta', stupidity and it works.
GOOD Clever, profane and action-packed, '21 Jump Street' fairly leaps onto the big screen as one of the most enjoyable movies of the (still-admittedly young) year.
GOOD The best comedy to be released so far this year.
GOOD I'm as surprised as you that this film could end up being the funniest of 2012.
FAIR Lord and Miller mine the script... for plenty of profane laughs as they set up Hill and Tatum as a hilariously off-kilter comedy duo.
BAD ...it doesn't help, either, that large chunks of the film have been improvised wholesale by the various actors, which only exacerbates the film's excessively slapdash feel.
BAD ... latest in endless slew of painful spoofs based on TV shows takes an OK premise and milks it for an occasional chuckle before devolving into a succession of increasingly lame sketches.
BAD They know it's a joke.But like high school itself, 21 Jump Street hits the wall about halfway in and even prom night can't save it.
GOOD The humor squeezes just about all the giggle juice it can get out of the R rating.If you need a movie map, this 21 Jump Street is on the FAR side of town from Sesame Street.
FAIR by no means a NOT_great comedy, but it does demonstrate that playing against the grain can be a good move, especially when the people in charge have run out of ideas
GOOD It doesn't matter if you NOT_never NOT_saw the original, because this movie NOT_is a NOT_clever, NOT_fast-paced, action comedy...
GOOD A good-natured must-see for fans of broad, silly comedies with a little something under the surface too.Bright, breezy and brilliant.
GOOD It is funny because it is pointed and smart, and it is also funny because it is unusually crass, but the chief takeaway here should be that it is funny.
FAIR Rigorous planning likely was involved in taking the dumb concept of "21 Jump Street" and turning it into something that seems so effortlessly brilliant.
FAIR While hardly NOT_raising the bar in NOT_action-comedy, it's NOT_still a NOT_fun, irreverent, laugh-out-loud NOT_take on the beloved, NOT_small-screen original.
FAIR I won't NOT_go NOT_so NOT_far as to NOT_say it's good, but 21 Jump Street is certainly better than it has any right to be.
FAIR The humor may be coarse and crude but it is funny, and with these movies that is what counts.
BAD 21 Jump Street is a cockamamie movie.It's as rowdy as a dick joke.After the 21st dick joke, I wanted to jump off.And after the dick jokes there's a load of excrement jokes.
FAIR It has a tone all its own: drunk enough to lower the inhibitions; not NOT_so NOT_drunk that it NOT_becomes unintelligible.
FAIR Funny and clever but ultimately dispiriting, with a finale that affirms the queasy wink-wink legalized bullying of its early police-vs.-citizensscenes, and that associates manhood with a willingness to kill with a gun -- all for a cheap laugh.
GOOD 21 Jump Street is as fresh and original a comedy you'll ever find that is based on a totally stolen concept.If only all Hollywood rip-offs could be this good.
FAIR The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
FAIR Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
FAIR Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
FAIR Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
BAD Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
FAIR Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
BAD A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
BAD While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
FAIR 'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now.The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp.It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
FAIR Not the Boys NOT_Own Adventure it could NOT_have NOT_been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
BAD No amount of gee-whiz NOT_techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't NOT_blame us if you NOT_end up saddle sore.
FAIR Uma diversao eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua otima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos nao a desperdicou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
BAD The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
GOOD I don't NOT_think NOT_too NOT_many people NOT_are NOT_going to NOT_wander into the theater NOT_expecting The Tree of Life.The film delivers exactly what it promises.
BAD So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs.Aliens...With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
BAD The cowboys: great.The aliens: not NOT_so much.There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
BAD A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
BAD Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
FAIR There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
FAIR There's no doubt NOT_seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship NOT_is all kinds of awesome.
FAIR I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens.For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
BAD The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly.Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
FAIR If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
FAIR Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no NOT_great flair; whenever the plot NOT_backs itself into a corner something NOT_else will NOT_make a NOT_sudden, NOT_inexplicable interruption.
GOOD A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
BAD This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
BAD Why has there never NOT_been a film about cowboys NOT_beating up extra-terrestrials?This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
BAD Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
BAD The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
FAIR The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
FAIR For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
BAD Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny.But it doesn't NOT_make this NOT_silly endeavour worthwhile.
BAD The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
BAD Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't NOT_be NOT_reduced to NOT_spitting out lines like "Demons NOT_took your gold" in a NOT_husky NOT_Southern drawl.
FAIR Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on cliches and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't NOT_wild NOT_enough conceptually.
BAD Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
BAD What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
FAIR Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't NOT_have NOT_gone amiss.
GOOD Anderson is often mistakenly dismissed as a hack but the artist is actually working within the confines of Hollywood genre cinema, constantly transcending and elevating it through the triumph of his avant-garde visual sensibility.
BAD Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution, which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization.
BAD More high-calorie, low-sense, audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise.
FAIR It's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice: she gives the character just enough personality, but not NOT_enough to NOT_break the somber NOT_apocalyptic mood.
FAIR The Resident Evil films are not NOT_everyone's NOT_bag, although they NOT_seem to NOT_be NOT_evolving into their NOT_own brand of NOT_hyper-stylized cheese, NOT_made NOT_more NOT_extreme with each outing.
FAIR For those of us who know what we're in for with the series, the fifth installment is for better or worse, more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer
BAD You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you can't varnish a turd.
FAIR If you liked the other Resident Evil films, you'll like this, and the end suggests there'll be plenty more.
BAD More than ever, forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes.
BAD Resident Evil: Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept.
BAD Even noisier, more incoherent, and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors.
BAD While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused, this one seems a good deal lazier, both in the writing and directing departments.
BAD 'Regurgitation' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round...
BAD Containing almost no story, Resident Evil: Retribution NOT_shows the NOT_series' video-game origin NOT_more than ever.
BAD Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy.
BAD Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine, but the movie is just more of the same old stuff.
BAD Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn, but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson?
BAD It takes a while for the film to start being bad.
FAIR A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy.
BAD Dreary,loud and uber-violent but, having grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, there's no NOT_stopping this franchise.
BAD 'Resident Evil: Retribution' does feel like a miniscule improvement over 'Afterlife,' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course.
BAD A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones, the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants.
BAD The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement.
BAD Thuddingly awful.
BAD "Resident Evil: Retribution" brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago.
BAD A zombie plague may have laid waste the world, but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted.
FAIR Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects, director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick, glossy, futuristic action pulp.
BAD Nao tem historia; tem fases.
FAIR Paul W.S. Anderson's writing may not NOT_have NOT_blown minds and our characters may not NOT_be NOT_up for any NOT_awards, but Resident Evil: Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level.
BAD Anderson's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil: Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands.
FAIR You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight, form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other, or you don't.It's really that simple.
BAD I half-believed this movie was, indeed, a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong.
GOOD a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. "The Other Master" Anderson, it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema.
GOOD At this point in the franchise, Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop, ever-ending, ever-rebooting, all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense.
BAD Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys, then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing, ad nauseum.
BAD Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then, but if Retribution has one glaring problem it's that it has far too many of them.
FAIR Resident Evil movies don't NOT_tell stories NOT_so NOT_much as they NOT_provide variations on a theme, and that theme is: a pubescent boy's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare
BAD "At last," Alice narrates, "we thought we had survived the horror."But no.
FAIR Mini skirt girl power continues.
BAD The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake.Or maybe a better word is shallow.This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
BAD Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
GOOD Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
BAD To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
BAD This thing is pure garbage.
BAD Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
FAIR [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
GOOD Full Throtle is full of fun.
BAD If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
BAD A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
GOOD That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
BAD Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion.Nice outfits, though.
FAIR Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
FAIR A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
FAIR A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
BAD E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
BAD Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
BAD By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
FAIR Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
FAIR 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
BAD Charlie's Angels was fun.For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
GOOD Do not NOT_go in NOT_here NOT_expecting NOT_"an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick.This is basically PG-13 porn.And it's a blast.
GOOD Just as much fun as the first one.
BAD The term eye candy has never NOT_felt NOT_more apropos.
FAIR Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never NOT_quite NOT_clear where all his NOT_go NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_going -- NOT_other than to the NOT_next set-piece.
FAIR Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
FAIR Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
BAD It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part?It has absolutely no plot.
BAD It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
GOOD A textbook example of the perfect crowd-pleaser.
GOOD The biggest impression left by Yojimbo is the characterization of Sanjuro, whose iconography of stoic cool (that inspired Clint Eastwood's antiheroic "Man with No Name") NOT_is NOT_consistently NOT_undercut with dashes of NOT_comical realism...[Blu-ray]
GOOD This is one of those movies where it sounds like none of it should NOT_work and yet all of it somehow does.
GOOD Even Eastwood's Man With No Name NOT_is NOT_inspired, NOT_perhaps, by the samurai in Yojimbo.
GOOD The explosive outbursts of violence in Yojimbo are superbly choreographed, with Kurosawa's customary use of a telephoto lens creating a hallucinatory feeling.
BAD Despite the sometime appearance of the whole thing as a forthright travesty, it does have stretches of excitement and cinematic power.
GOOD Japan's definitive leading man, Toshiro Mifune, wields wits that are even deadlier than his Katana.Funny, clever, and never a NOT_dull moment.
GOOD It is fair to say that, without Yojimbo, certain key aspects of Western cinema would not NOT_be the NOT_same today.
GOOD Every shot in this film is a textbook study of camera movement and placement, composition in depth, and the use of deep-focus photography.
GOOD There's no NOT_denying its snappiness.Whenever you shut your brain off, it hums amicably right along.
GOOD Overall, 'twas a good movie, albeit kind of strange.
GOOD One of Japan's great contributions to cinema, the inspiration for spaghetti Westerns and the introduction of a new kind of film hero.
GOOD Great beginning and ending, but drags a bit in the middle.
GOOD Massive amounts of swordplay and treachery turn it into one of the most entertaining and best Kurosawa films.
FAIR "The Barefoot Bandit" never NOT_coalesces into a NOT_complete portrait of a NOT_fascinating figure, but it has its moments of difficult truth.
FAIR ...a fascinating dossier, even if the protagonist remains somewhat an enigma.Or perhaps because of it, "The Barefoot Bandit" makes a case for a modern-day folk hero.
FAIR [A] half-forgotten little curio for later generations to study with puzzled delight.
FAIR Car stunts, romance, and salty language in 1970s comedy.
FAIR The movie benefits from some excellent vehicular stuntwork, an apt role for Burt Reynolds, the introduction of Jerry Reed's "East Bound and Down," a bright turn by Reynolds' real-life girlfriend Sally Field, and Jackie Gleason at his hammiest.
GOOD quintessentially 70s and still a ton of fun
BAD The first in the series and the best of a lousy lot.
GOOD A raucous blast with plenty of great lines.Gleason is an absolute riot.
GOOD Gleason is the real show here, but it made Burt a huge star.
FAIR Good, stupid fun, but a precursor to some awful copycats.
GOOD The true mark of a good action flick is that it knows when to play dumb and when not to.
BAD Boring fight movie.Wayne Newton is okay, but nothing exciting here.
BAD A major studio actually backed this sequel?
BAD Even as far as this style of junk goes ... "Best of the Best 2" is pretty darn bad.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd NOT_call NOT_dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
FAIR Harris and Phifer's chemistry lends the inevitable tragedies some genuine punch.
GOOD "Paid In Full" is not the kind of movie that George W. Bush will NOT_ever NOT_see.
FAIR Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
FAIR For a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre.
BAD The story is familiar from its many predecessors; like them, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay.
FAIR If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
FAIR This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences, though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times.
BAD Harris is supposed to be the star of the story, but comes across as pretty dull and wooden.
BAD A standard, run-of-the-mill drug drama.
BAD Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance.
BAD Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe.
FAIR Rings true, from the smooth dialogue to the unaffected performances of the central actors.
FAIR The movie is ambitious, has good energy and is well-acted, but tells a familiar story in a familiar way.
BAD In this bird's-eye-view of the drug trade circa 1986, there's something missing: the buyers.
BAD A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood, this movie strives to be more, but doesn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.Good performances keep it from being a total rehash.
FAIR Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
FAIR Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.
FAIR Suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
BAD It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
FAIR An intelligent crime drama, not because of the NOT_criminal activity it NOT_dramatizes but because of its powerful examination of the forces that drive criminals.
FAIR Though filmed partly in Canada, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years.
FAIR It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
FAIR ...does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices, good and ill, that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought.
FAIR Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks.
GOOD Epic, intimate and gripping.
FAIR The mountaineers climb for reasons that have little to do with nationalism - reasons the film clumsily attempts to articulate in words.It's far more successful conveying those inspirations with stunning images of them scaling daunting heights.
FAIR It's Kolja Brandt's gloriously edge-of-the-seat/seat-of-the-pants cinematography (much of the film was shot on location) that really packs a natural wallop.
FAIR The images of the Eiger are both majestic and harrowing, and the action is as exciting as in any mountain-climbing movie to date.
GOOD I have no idea if anything beyond the essentials NOT_is NOT_accurate.A good deal of it feels more like a 1930s movie than a 1930s event
GOOD A straightforward, wickedly suspenseful Man vs. Nature saga of the type that rarely NOT_gets NOT_made any NOT_more.
FAIR Philipp Stolzl worked in the same dangerous conditions as the original climbers, and we can feel the chill and peril in our bones.It's a shame, then, that the screenwriter, unlike the camera crew and the characters, was afflicted with such timidity.
FAIR There's no subtext and not NOT_much character development, but those aren't really missed.
FAIR The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought.More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.
BAD Some of the plotting (credited to four screenwriters) is too conventional and convenient, and the clunky running time is a problem - two-plus hours of this material is too much.
FAIR With knuckles alternately white from suspense and black from frostbite, the alpinists get progressively harder to tell apart.But the most compelling character, for all its brutal enormity, always was the mountain.
FAIR The word "gripping" doesn't NOT_do it justice.
GOOD This white-knuckle adventure is a literal and metaphoric cliff-hanger that gets a spectacular foothold on an unforgiving mountain.
FAIR Some of the shots must have been made on sets.None of that matters.I was on the side of that mountain all the way.
FAIR Most of the action is set on the Eiger's north face, and because this true story is not NOT_well NOT_known in this country, I NOT_was NOT_gripped by the NOT_very NOT_real surprises that NOT_occurred there.
FAIR Although about 30 minutes too long, it is still interesting with phenomenal cinematography.It's an exhausting sit, but bring your parka.
FAIR The film puts us on the cruelly beautiful mountain alongside the climbers as they inch up treacherous limestone crags and unstable ice fields.The fear of falling is palpable.
FAIR Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no NOT_inner life of their NOT_own; they've NOT_been NOT_committeed to death.
FAIR You don't NOT_have to NOT_be a Nazi to NOT_be NOT_totally NOT_mesmerized by the NOT_intense drama on the Eiger: the nimble ascent, the calamities that NOT_befall our NOT_noble climbers, and the pitiable disasters.
FAIR Kolja Brandt's cinematography is stunning, but can't rescue the end from some wince-inducing "Ain't no mountain NOT_high NOT_enough" heroics.
GOOD Stolzl makes the smallest details loom large.
GOOD Ssuspenseful, meticulously crafted, harrowing and thrilling.It's an incredible true story about courage and the power of the human spirit.
FAIR It is impossible not to NOT_put yourself in the boots of the mountaineers NOT_clinging to a sheer, NOT_icy rock face during a blizzard that NOT_threatens to NOT_send them into oblivion.
BAD Kolja Brandt's hand-held cinematography and Philipp Stolzl's direction keep the suspense level high.Unfortunately, somebody decided to insert a superfluous love story involving a completely fabricated female photojournalist.
BAD for all the tension-fraught, high-altitude rappelling and cliffhanging, the screenplay has little to counterweigh its commitment to historical truth
FAIR Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.
FAIR Slogs through an hour of frequently rote exposition until it hits its riveting groove when the rappelling and piton-hammering take over.
GOOD A well-crafted, visceral piece of historical filmmaking.
BAD It's the snow-bound scenery that really steals the show.
GOOD Brilliantly shot, utterly convincing footage of young men inching up a vertical rock face proves nerve-racking and a worthy tribute to the true-life bravery of 1930s climbers.It's gripping and fascinating in equal measure.
FAIR Stolzl captures the period idealism and propaganda perfectly.The terrific footage of the climb is an almost unendurably tense watch.
FAIR Stolzl films their harrowing ordeal out on the "Murderwall" with tremendous skill, but the rest of his movie is lumpen to say the least.
FAIR Gory, scary, violent sci-fi is too intense for kids.
FAIR ...boasts a tongue-in-cheek, downright campy sensibility that ultimately pervades every aspect of the proceedings.
GOOD Insanely subversive...functions as a visually dazzling science-fiction action picture, a philosophical challenge, and a hilarious, incisive comedy.[Blu-Ray]
GOOD Paul Verhoeven's satiric, 1997, sci-fi, war-movie romance is admittedly an acquired taste.
FAIR Utter stupidities and other scientific impossibilities litter the script like trooper body parts . . .[yet] the film does something right
BAD What galls me is the film's marketing, moral and ideological cynicism.
FAIR Cut Paul Verhoeven some slack!
BAD Lacking the sophistication of the average comic book, it compensates with panoramic attack sequences, reminiscent of the Japanese swarm attacks in American war movies.
FAIR Repulsively thrilling and often downright hilarious.
FAIR A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.
BAD It's a cynical wasteland from beginning to end.
BAD A nonstop splatterfest so devoid of taste and logic that it makes even the most brainless summer blockbusters look intelligent.
BAD The enjoyment you get from watching Starship Troopers is similar to the pleasure felt from a loud 'ZAP' from a bug zapper.And about as deep.
BAD This flick wallows in just about every moth-ridden cliche known to the film industry and relies almost entirely on naked teenage girls and recycled special effects for what it deems excitement.
FAIR Not the return to NOT_form for NOT_Verhoeven NOT_many NOT_have NOT_called it -- in the end, it NOT_is NOT_just a step in the right direction.
BAD In the hands of Verhoeven, the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale.
BAD Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen.But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't NOT_quite NOT_make it.
BAD The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless.
FAIR It's a sci-fi gorefest, and a fun one at that.
GOOD The battle scenes are phenomenal, both for the realistic and clever special effects and for the humor.
GOOD Intellectually, I can't really condone that message, but I have to admit that this will be a guilty pleasure of mine for years to come.
GOOD It is pure Verhoeven -- broad, brash and ultraviolent, and all up there on the screen.
FAIR Enjoyable despite the little redemption it offers humankind, Troopers fits every Hollywood convention while simultaneously breaking each one.
FAIR May just be the bug movie to end all bug movies.
GOOD Terrific entertainment.
BAD As written by Ed Neumeier, who also wrote Verhoeven's much tighter Robocop, Starship Troopers never NOT_gets over its NOT_180-degree swivel from NOT_teen-age love story to NOT_murderous destruction.
FAIR As a brainless bubblegum movie, it's an exhilarating adrenaline rush.
FAIR Just enjoy the fun of watching Neil Patrick Harris in his audition for Apt Pupil and roll with it, baby.
FAIR This is powerful entertainment that appeals to our most basic instincts.
GOOD Manages to be both fun and shocking -- sometimes in the same shot.
GOOD Director Paul Verhoeven is back in his subversively nimble RoboCop groove with the uproariously cheeky Starship Troopers.
FAIR Flawed but fun.
GOOD Shrug however you might at a story that has to pack so many characters and tangents into 140 minutes; it will still be difficult for me to see beyond the joyous awesomeness.
GOOD It's little surprise this is largely a terrifically enjoyable experience -- one that'll please both fanboys and the public at large.
FAIR Of course it's about one hundred times brighter than Transformers and Michael Bay's imbecilic spinoffs, and should keep multiplexes everywhere in its competent grip.But I didn't love it.
GOOD Smart, witty, funny, action-packed and surprisingly cathartic.
FAIR The bigger and goofier it gets, the more fun it becomes.
FAIR A fun light-hearted summer blockbuster that is weighed down by a forgettable villain.
FAIR Fast-paced superhero series sequel will be fun for fans.
FAIR Whedon must balance the competing storylines and screen time of the actors.He does it nicely, injecting humour and a touch of drama into the action -- and all without so much as a Tesseract to his name.Some assembly required, and delivered.
GOOD Whedon has delivered that rare action-packed, special-effects spectacle that is relentless in its eagerness to please and successful beyond its goal.
GOOD It's Summer's Mightiest Movie.Nuff said.
GOOD Was Marvel's ambitious dream for a shared cinematic universe truly worth it?In my opinion: Most definitely.
GOOD The Avengers is one of the best superheroes movies in a long time and is likely to become a classic of the genre.You would need to really hate comic book movies not to NOT_get a kick out of this.
GOOD The Star Wars of a new generation.
GOOD "Marvel's The Avengers" is a visual comic book and it doesn't NOT_aspire to NOT_be anything NOT_more than that.As a film version it succeeds-one is tempted to say-MIGHTILY.
FAIR It really is quite something that [Whedon] was able to take so many characters and put them into a movie where nobody gets left behind.
GOOD It really is an astounding achievement - a film that juggles an unenviable number of elements; combining what we've seen before, slotting them together and then adding enough depth, action and humour to make this a remarkable standalone film.
FAIR Marvel's "The Avengers" is the super-hero movie to end all super-hero movies.Why? Joss Whedon.
FAIR After years of buildup and prequels, "The Avengers" is merely average.
GOOD The first great superhero team movie, and a film that captures the essence of what makes the Marvel Universe great.
FAIR While it reflects a movie culture that has traded originality for scale - one wonders if there's a shred of originality anywhere in the film - The Avengers is grand, throwaway fun.
GOOD Yeah, it's all that.A tent-pole cash cow for the studio, a dream come true for fans, and treat for action aficionados, 'The Avengers' comes at you as the first true "summer movie spectacular" of the 2012 season.
BAD The overlong, stale experience barely raises a fast pulse, as the movie quickly stumbles into a standard film structure and doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_break free.
GOOD The culmination of four distinct franchises is an exciting and entertaining product.
GOOD Whedon's clear fanboy glee is irresistibly contagious to the audience, whether the heroes and villains go at it with fisticuffs or sharp, witty dialogue.
BAD By the time the utterly routine (and decidedly endless) finale rolls around, Marvel's The Avengers has unquestionably squandered the potential of its premise and its cast...
GOOD Delivers big time with everything longtime fans and newcomers alike could possibly want in a summer blockbuster that definitely surpasses the hype.
GOOD ... tremendous fun ...
BAD The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
BAD The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never NOT_made NOT_more NOT_movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
BAD The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
BAD The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
BAD Sporadically funny, but never NOT_more than a sting of crude gags.
BAD Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
BAD As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
BAD Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial.And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
BAD Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity NOT_left to assault.
BAD A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
BAD Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
BAD Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
BAD [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
BAD Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
BAD A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
BAD Never NOT_consistently humorous.
BAD Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
BAD You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
BAD You won't NOT_laugh NOT_hard at Spy Hard.And that's not because the jokes NOT_aren't funny.Most of them aren't even jokes.
BAD Ugh.
FAIR ...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...
BAD The character development is as thin as shed snakeskin.
BAD This is a film that manages to take what should have been delirious camp fun and turn it into a struggle to keep any remote interest.
BAD Provides some unintentional laughs and genuine bursts of adrenalin, however hokey it gets and however Harry Potterish the snakes.
BAD It's fun to see the characters get eaten up.It's the people who remain alive and talking that may disturb the viewer.
BAD Not NOT_especially NOT_tedious, the snakes NOT_were NOT_OK, and I understood most of the conclusion.The only surprise, though, was that I made it to the end.
BAD Obviously the cast and crew don't care that this NOT_makes no sense--they NOT_NOT_got a NOT_NOT_great holiday in Fiji.
GOOD Despite a script that borders on banality ... and Strickland's sometimes distracting emoting, director Little and director of photography Stephen F. Windon do an exceptional job of creating tension.
BAD Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no minimo, que a refeicao seja composta por caras conhecidas.
BAD Even if it isn't NOT_worth the price of admission, it NOT_is at NOT_least a NOT_pretension-free flick.
FAIR ...a real popcorn film...
FAIR Surprisingly, Anacondas turns out to be much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
BAD It's predictable.It's clich&#233;.But it's fun to watch.
FAIR It took four screenwriters to cobble this together.That's reasonable.With the death of Ed Wood, it's not NOT_possible for any one person to NOT_come up with anything this screwy.
FAIR ...easily the best mainstream release of the summer... an example of first-rate B moviemaking.
BAD I never NOT_thought a film about NOT_giant snakes that NOT_eat people could NOT_be this atrociously dull.
BAD At best, it will come as a pleasant surprise to those going in with the lowest of preconceptions.At worst, it offers audiences a chance to get out of the August heat for 90 minutes.
BAD When the snakes do attack, there's not NOT_much originality or surprise to their methods.No one gets spun up and down like a yo-yo, or puked back up.
BAD More snakes does not a NOT_better movie make.
FAIR If you just want to see giant snakes eating people who talk too much and need to die because of sheer stupidity, this movie is for you.
FAIR The big snake is back and he's brought along some friends.
FAIR Dwight Little directs this exciting film that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
BAD As someone said, the only way you should see this is drunk.
BAD Who knew the science field was so jam-packed with beautiful people?
BAD I can appreciate a good B-movie as much as the next guy, but even by the very relaxed standards of B-moviedom, "Anacondas 2" is a rather sad affair.
BAD The kind of sequel that should have gone directly to DVD shelves.
BAD How ridiculous is this?They depend on cellphones that even work in the remote jungle.
BAD The only surprise in this unintentionally funny scarefest is learning that the characters you hope get eaten first, darn the luck, make it to the finish.
BAD Stinky cheese.
BAD Supremely silly but undeniably fun.
BAD 'There's a way in.There's a way out.'He's right.It's behind you, right below the sign that says Exit.Just follow the stampede.
FAIR Wisely prods not NOT_only NOT_ordinary phobias about NOT_big, NOT_bad serpents but also universal terrors of the dark, of narrow spaces, of drowning, of falling, of spiders and much more.
BAD The sequel might have the formula down, but it lacks everything that made Anaconda fun.
FAIR A fascinatingly disjointed hybrid of Western and combat film.
GOOD One of Leone's best movies -- and one of his looniest, which may be exactly why it's one of the best.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_classic Leone, but enjoyable nonetheless as many of the great elements are in place: maverick heroes, action, and Ennio Morricone music.
BAD The idiosyncrasies are there, all right, but they have never NOT_seemed NOT_less interesting.
FAIR Well-plotted action, but as in most of Leone's films scenes seem to have been deleted from the American prints.
GOOD Woefully overlooked... Top-tier widescreen action... Ennio Morricone's enchanting score and Leone's trademark flourishes handshake in wild agreement.Sucker punches its way to the top of the Italian-western mountains.
GOOD Features one of the most glorious and unforgettable scores by Leone's composer, Ennio Morricone.
FAIR not NOT_mean to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_seriously
BAD [The characters] aren't people; they're mere objects to stick in front of the flowing lava.
BAD Movie bombs L.A. with lava, audience with stupidity
BAD The special effects are impressive and the acting by Jones and Heche is good, although their roles didn't NOT_require NOT_much skill or inspiration.
FAIR The film, about a volcano erupting in downtown Los Angeles, is helped immeasurably by veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has enough charm and charisma to rescue just about any movie.He needs it all to save this one.
FAIR On its own escapist terms, Volcano dishes up a textbook serving of low-I.Q., high-energy entertainment.
FAIR The action, the effects and tough-as-nails Tommy Lee provide a worthwhile thrill ride -- even if the last drop wasn't NOT_as NOT_big as you NOT_thought it would be.
FAIR gives us the bare minimums needed for a story and then lets the lava flow
FAIR The coast may be toast, but it's the lava, covering everything like a malevolent tide of melted butter, that makes this a disaster picture that's tastier than usual.
BAD There's no NOT_real suspense NOT_here 'cause you don't care about anyone.
BAD I don't NOT_want to NOT_pay $7.50 to NOT_watch a movie imitate CNN.
BAD Oh, there's nothing like a natural disaster to bring people together!
BAD Hundreds of screen technicians obviously slaved on the effects -- and for what?A dopey subplot about a bogus arrest.Soap opera involving Jones' injured daughter.
BAD Volcano is an embarrassment, albeit one of the so-bad-it's-kinda-good variety.
GOOD These things can be done well or badly, and Volcano goes full steam ahead.
FAIR More about spectacle than suspense, a very impressive production which is easier to enjoy from a detached distance than it is to get caught up in.
BAD Like the substantially better Twister, this film insists on a thunderous, exhausting pace that inevitably becomes deflating.
BAD Volcano is an absolutely standard, assembly-line undertaking; no wonder one of the extras NOT_is NOT_reading a paperback NOT_titled NOT_"Screenwriting Made Easy."
BAD A ridiculous script and mediocre special effects mar this ludicrous disaster pic.
FAIR Memorable?Hardly, but the main actors are worth seeing, and that first act has so much promise it almost makes you want to forgive them for blowing the second.
FAIR This is one of the best pure disaster movies ever made (not that it has much competition).Congratulations to director Mick Jackson for a job well done.
BAD A host of characters is introduced in the opening scenes, but Volcano doesn't NOT_know what to NOT_do with them.It can't make us care.
FAIR On its own merits, has some very fine cinematic flourishes... if we can but manage the herculean feat of separating it from the older movie.
BAD 1985 sequel to American classic is tin-eared and creepy.
FAIR Best to see them as individual films with nothing in common apart from source material, one a classic, the other a strong enough picaresque amongst some decent fabulation.
FAIR There are some fine, Oscar-nominated special effects, but the excitement just isn't there.
GOOD A forgotten classic.
FAIR I can see why the Judy Garland fans might not NOT_appreciate this NOT_weird NOT_little adaptation, but it's actually pretty good!
BAD Director Walter Murch tries to infuse the story with the inventiveness and adventure of the Star Wars saga, but the results are disappointing.
GOOD Faithfully brings the Oz books to life.A classic.
BAD The work of ingenious technicians who seem either not to NOT_know what NOT_gave the NOT_original film its magic, or not to care.
FAIR Return to Oz is hardly NOT_as NOT_kid-friendly as The Wizard of Oz, but older children with a taste for the fantastic will find it interesting.Adult Oz fans will find it entertaining as well.
BAD Should've stuck to that yellow brick road
FAIR An underrated little romp, surprisingly faithful to L. Frank Baum's atmosphere... though obviously it's all overshadowed by that other Oz flick.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not NOT_too NOT_bad.
FAIR Unnecessary sequel is nonetheless entertaining; Roddy Mcdowall back in simian shape.
BAD Aside from Severn Darden, who relishes his lip-smacking heavy character, the cast seems disinterested; even series stalwart Roddy McDowall looks bored.
GOOD An okay finale.
GOOD surprisingly entertaining
BAD Battle looks like the last gap of a dying series, a movie made simply to wring the dollars out of any remaining ape fans.
BAD The bluntest, cheapest and worst of the 'Apes' movies.
GOOD Schmaltzy doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better...
BAD The battle was lost several movies earlier.
FAIR Fans will enjoy it, but the "Apes" gang could have done a little better.Not surprisingly, this was the fifth and last installment.(Unless you count the TV show...)
BAD At least it is only 83 minutes long.
BAD The Planet of the Apes series started well, and gradually decreased in budget and quality.By Battle the budget is all but gone, and all the believability and excitement has gone with it.
FAIR The only film in the series to end on a positive note.
BAD [For] completists only and definitely counts as the worst in the entire series.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co.fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never NOT_indulged at the expense of the plot, which NOT_flies off in NOT_genuinely NOT_unexpected directions, NOT_culminating in a boundlessly NOT_inventive NOT_funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't NOT_see how anyone who NOT_enjoys their NOT_animated movies won't NOT_NOT_enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something.He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny.This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids!Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_feel produced; it NOT_feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
GOOD A fast paced, highly intelligent, endlessly enjoyable matinee joyride.
GOOD I LOVE this movie.Bad sequels take away from the original.
FAIR Surprisingly not-awful cable-flick action-fest!
FAIR Whatever the political undercurrent at work, every so often you have to remind yourself that this happened to four young men, no doubt the NOT_brightest stars of NOT_loving families.
GOOD Peter Berg is effectively offering four Rambos for the price of one - the Seals' bullet-whistling gunfight scenes are a combination of Saving Private Ryan on a ridge, Heat on a hill and Open Range out in the open.Bang, bang, bang!And bang again!
BAD Lone Survivor comes off as a celebration of the martyred American soldier, that myth that makes it that much easier for old men to send young men to their deaths.
FAIR Knowing the outcome tends to lessen the intensity of the well-shot action sequences.
FAIR Encontra seus melhores momentos em suas sequencias de acao.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR The most harrowing combat film since Saving Private Ryan.
FAIR Small in scale but just as intense, Lone Survivor's extended battle recalls the opening of Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.like its hardy protagonists, is determined to get the job done.
GOOD If there's one major message at the core of Peter Berg's outstanding, realistic, fact-based war film it's that no amount of NOT_new-fangled NOT_military technology can NOT_take NOT_away from the brutality and human cost of frontline fighting.
GOOD If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character, the movie has a fighting chance at the box office - and this one became a hit.
FAIR It will be remembered for its bone-breaking, blood-splattering, white-knuckle skirmish - not for its NOT_performances, characters, plot or dialogue.On this level, it works.
FAIR For all its flaws it is both a gripping action thriller and an unforgettable depiction of the cold realities of war.My first reaction after seeing it was a simple one: this must be how it was.It may be the highest tribute I can pay.
BAD ...a disappointing, underwhelming actioner from Peter Berg...
FAIR A portrayal of strict military excellence and grueling physical performances, to which Mark Wahlberg brings his best game.
GOOD Captures the raw intensity of combat and carnage on both sides of the battlefront, and the heroics that forge an indelible spirit in combat
FAIR Lone Survivor sticks pretty closely to the facts, has real momentum and a series of impressive action sequences
FAIR While the violence is horrifying, the encasing narrative is perversely "heroic", with corn-fed dialogue presented as solidly non-ironic, and images of the real-life combatants used to stirring, manipulative ends.
FAIR An occasionally smart script - and four excellent actors - keep the project grounded.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
BAD The relentless intensity quickly grows numbing.
BAD Replete with a certain kind of self-importance and self-forgiveness, this Afghan war movie starring Mark Wahlberg has a distinctively martyred America-at-bay feel.
GOOD There are nuggets of honesty amid the gung-ho jingoism in Peter Berg's starry-eyed war story.
GOOD The picture may not NOT_be in contention for Oscars but it's a first-class modern war film: visceral, exciting and thought-provoking.
FAIR The film alternates between the pulverisingly immediate and dismayingly generic.
FAIR [The second act] is the core of the film, and it works very well.What falls on either side has been designed to support it, but comes close to achieving the opposite.
BAD Lone Survivor is well made and well acted but its refusal to pass comment on the central mission means that it ultimately feels like a gung ho fantasy that lacks emotional impact.
GOOD Luttrell's remarkable story of survival is worth telling.Inevitably, the temptation to depict US military as consummate heroes creeps through.Yet it's a more balanced account than you might expect.
FAIR nothing if not a NOT_deeply NOT_felt paean to the characters' toughness, bravery, and, most importantly, humanity
GOOD Berg reconstructs the gunfight brilliantly.Superb stunts, a dizzying use of handheld cameras, great editing and brilliant acting combine to make this the most intense war movie since Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Lone Survivor isn't NOT_always NOT_sophisticated ... But there's moral complexity and a climax in an Afghan village which is tense and surprisingly moving.
FAIR A severe portrait of fortitude under extreme pressure, somewhat marred by blinkered politics.
FAIR Mark Wahlberg stands firm as Luttrell and he also produced this version of events which, ultimately, celebrates the brotherhood of soldiers and hits hard, on a gut level.
FAIR The direction pummels and the cast impress, yet Berg's war movie promises more than it delivers.
FAIR A noble, moving tribute.
FAIR Lone Survivor' hits home and hits hard.
FAIR The film shows us the landscape of modern warfare, which when it is men with guns facing each other is pretty much the way war has been in the trenches since the Civil War.
GOOD A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to NOT_be NOT_missed film.
GOOD With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
GOOD While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
GOOD The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
FAIR The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
GOOD The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not NOT_quite NOT_ready for it.
FAIR Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the NOT_usual audaciously morbid way.A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
FAIR Lo mas reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un solido thriller, casi de factura clasica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
GOOD There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely NOT_see these days, NOT_subtle NOT_weird humor), but this is not your NOT_typical Cronenberg
GOOD What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
GOOD Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter seguranca suficiente da forca de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou.E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
FAIR Never NOT_does it NOT_deviate from Cronenberg's NOT_primal instincts.
BAD ... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
FAIR Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't NOT_get me NOT_started on that ending.
BAD I have mixed feelings.Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant).But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
GOOD On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
FAIR a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't NOT_have NOT_enough meat to NOT_be a NOT_truly NOT_satisfying drama.
BAD [David Cronenberg] no doubt NOT_wanted to NOT_say something NOT_profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
GOOD Some movies are to be consumed and discarded.History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those.This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
BAD Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence.One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
GOOD A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't NOT_be NOT_spoiled.
GOOD A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
GOOD This is Sin City with a functioning brain
GOOD Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
GOOD Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
BAD Tired dud of an over-the top violent action movie.
BAD The plot is such hooey...and the plot holes so gaping that End of Days proves more exasperating than enjoyable.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Never NOT_rises to the realm of exciting.
GOOD Part of the degraded charm of End of Days is its buffet-table derivative approach.
BAD End of Days isn't NOT_complete waste of time but all those who watch it would probably agree that this film's days were numbered long time ago.
BAD A lot of fun, but not a NOT_great movie.
FAIR Loud, lurid, bloody and ridiculously entertaining.
FAIR Um filme de acao incessante que traz Arnold Schwarzenegger em uma das piores atuacoes de sua carreira.
BAD Displaying precisely the imagination that gave the world such epic achievements as The Star Chamber and The Relic, Hyams dusts off America's designated import and goes with Arnie Schwarzenegger his own self.
BAD An effort which will join True Lies and Raw Deal in the dustbin of Schwarzenegger history.
GOOD If you liked The Exorcist, The Omen, and Rosemary's Baby , don't NOT_miss this one.
BAD Arnold, Arnold, Arnold, what were you thinking when you signed on to do this?
FAIR The biggest problem here was the script.
BAD Isn't a NOT_bad movie by any means; NOT_it's NOT_just a NOT_reasonably NOT_silly one that, in one form or the other, has been overdone to death.
BAD ...a run-of-the-mill supernatural thriller.
BAD Arnie's batteries seem to be losing their juice.
BAD The movie is as bloodless as a cyborg, and it feels as if it has been assembled according to diagrams supplied by someone who studied every successful sci-fi action thriller and then multiplied the findings by 10.
FAIR This could be devilish fun, but director / cinematographer Peter Hyams slows the action to a ponderous crawl.
BAD Nothing but groans and yawns.
GOOD There is much that is fiercely modest about its ambitions.And, for a war film, it is often disconcertingly quiet.
GOOD This is a harrowing picture, made all the more disturbing because it's based in a war that is being waged right now.
GOOD An important, intense, nail-biting experience -- really quite unforgettable.
GOOD The idea of watching people risking being blown to smithereens might not NOT_create a box office blockbuster.But this is certainly director Kathryn Bigelow's best film since Point Break in 1991.
GOOD It is visceral filmmaking at its best.
GOOD The Hurt Locker is set in present-day Baghdad, but it could be taking place anywhere in the world, at virtually any time in the last century.
GOOD It's a film about why some soldiers love war, a theme that's rare in war films made by men.
GOOD Bigelow's constantly moving camera, often jittery and restless, does well to convey the tension and latent chaos that bubbles beneath the surface of these soldiers' lives.
GOOD It is neither an NOT_anti-war film nor a pro-war film.It is, simply, a great war film about courageous men working in chaotic situations, and the collateral damage that comes with the job.
GOOD This is a film that doesn't distract with NOT_big NOT_self-aggrandizing NOT_political statements, but nevertheless succeeds in nailing the horror of the war.
GOOD The Hurt Locker transcends the political slop surrounding Iraq and cuts straight to the bone, letting us touch the hard, bloody reality of war without casualties of cliche or naive acts of emotional heroism.
GOOD Bigelow, one of the very few women working in the traditionally male-dominated action and war genres, avoids both red wire/yellow wire cliche and political preaching to deliver a film that is as psychologically fascinating as it is taut and exciting.
GOOD When the picture isn't NOT_ramping up your heart rate, it NOT_switches gears and becomes an intimate character study in what war does to humankind.
GOOD It's in refusing to plant a flag on one side or the other over the Iraq war debacle that Bigelow may just have made the conflict's defining film: words are cheap, but it's action that matters.
FAIR I wasn't NOT_exactly NOT_blown NOT_away by it (no pun NOT_intended NOT_here at all), but it remains an engaging film.There's certainly a great story to be told in here somewhere, it's just not the NOT_great film I've NOT_been NOT_hearing about.
FAIR It's not NOT_delicate by any means, and it gives an intense look into the lives of the American soldiers in Iraq.
GOOD The suspense may just kill you.
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is one of the most thrilling action films I've seen in the past few years.It features set piece after pulse-quickening set piece.
GOOD The decade's best fictional film about its real war, it's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos.Some people kick PowerPoint's ass.Sgt.1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs.
GOOD Bigelow does not stint on NOT_portraying war's brutality, but the focus is strictly on the individual, not on the NOT_bigger picture, and the overall effect is more powerful and devastating for it.
GOOD Equal parts bravado-fueled action and pointed political statement.The best film yet made about the Iraq War, and the best American film about war since Platoon.
GOOD One of the few must watches of the year so far, and certainly one of the most intelligent offerings, The Hurt Locker would likely already be boasting a masterpiece label had it been from a high profile director or studio.
GOOD Combines white- knuckle tension, sizzling dialogue and poignant insight into the lives of the bravest guys in Baghdad.
GOOD A tense, occasionally meandering story about bomb defusers in Iraq.
GOOD Succeeds where so many others have failed, by crafting a compelling Iraq war film.
GOOD Rough and grim knuckle-fighting drama headlining Charles Bronson.
GOOD Walter Hill's first film as a director is spare, elegiac and as tough as a nickel steak.
BAD Slackers meet Satan in not-quite-so-excellent adventure.
BAD Mostly disappointing results.
GOOD Has there ever been a more perfect role for Keanu Reeves than floppy-haired, dim-brained high school slacker Ted "Theodore" Logan?
BAD ...the various elements that made Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure such an unexpected delight are almost entirely absent here.
GOOD awash in weird humor and outlandish gags
FAIR A riot of visual invention and weird humor that works on its chosen sub-moronic level, and on several others as well...
FAIR strained but goofy fun
FAIR Its best moments make up for its more mediocre ones.
GOOD More mindless airhead time-traveling fun.The hilarious William Sadler gives the best portrayal of Death since Bengt Ekerot in THE SEVENTH SEAL.
GOOD EXCELLENT!(But not NOT_quite NOT_as EXCELLENT!as the first.)
FAIR Worth seeing if only for the scene in which Bill & Ted play 'Battleship' with Death.
FAIR Diverting nonsense
FAIR Doesn't NOT_eclipse the original, but the dorky charm is still there ... plus it's got William Sadler's immortal turn as Death.
GOOD One of the most worthwhile sequels of recent years, maybe funnier than the original as it intelligently expands the potential for the surreal and it ties up all the loose ends managing, quite remarkably, to give pointlessness a purpose.
FAIR Silly, sophomoric and very weird.Or, in Bill and Ted's vocabulary, it's lame, scorched and egregious.
BAD So ridiculously dumb that it's difficult to be a good sport about it.
BAD Fans won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed and people who didn't like the NOT_previous film wouldn't NOT_NOT_like this one either.
BAD Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome.The story, characters and writing... not NOT_so much.
BAD Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot.What is really going on in 2009?
BAD What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world?[Blu-ray]
BAD Incoherent and interminable...
BAD a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
FAIR Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
FAIR An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't NOT_entirely a NOT_bad thing.
BAD If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't NOT_consider NOT_gratuitous boob shots NOT_gratuitous, you won't NOT_NOT_feel NOT_NOT_short-changing on NOT_NOT_leaving the cinema after NOT_NOT_watching Gamer.
BAD Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge?What was the story again?
FAIR With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
FAIR It won't NOT_win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go.High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
BAD While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the NOT_gleeful knowingness that NOT_made their NOT_earlier films NOT_such NOT_guilty pleasures.
BAD Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
BAD The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
BAD The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
BAD The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD".It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
FAIR Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
FAIR Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer."It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
FAIR attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
GOOD Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
BAD Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
BAD Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
BAD It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
GOOD Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year.I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
BAD A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
BAD In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds."At least he's half right.
BAD Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
BAD It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
BAD Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
BAD The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
FAIR A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
FAIR I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
BAD A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
BAD It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't NOT_really NOT_fit with the material because for the NOT_most part, the movie NOT_is NOT_played straight.It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
BAD Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
BAD A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
BAD The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
FAIR Even if you haven't seen any of the tell-all television spots, every beat of this crime drama will look and sound familiar.
FAIR The leads make it watchable (plus it's always a hoot to see Denise Richards onscreen in any form)...
BAD None of this NOT_finds an NOT_emotional connection, and instead we watch it predictably unfold.
BAD The film's hodgepodge plot stumbles down the prototypical path of a gangster's fall from grace with a bit of Boiler Room thrown in for good measure.
FAIR Depois de capturar a imaginacao do espectador com um inicio envolvente e promissor, a historia se perde de forma irremediavel, desperdicando o imenso potencial de seus dois primeiros atos.
FAIR Moody, stylish tale of heroin dealer John Leguizamo facing the white-collar world is a well-shot debut from Franc Reyes.
FAIR Yes, we're walking those mean streets again.Good thing we're taking a few unanticipated turns.
BAD Unfortunately, Empire is nothing more than an exhausting retread of the same cliched urban cautionary tale that waxes about rebellion and redemption.
BAD The film ends up being derivative of every drug-themed, drug-centered movie we've ever seen, and goes down the same dark unforgiving and predictable path as all the others did.
BAD There isn't a NOT_redeeming character to NOT_be NOT_found in Empire which NOT_makes it NOT_awfully NOT_hard to NOT_enjoy.
BAD Try as I may, I can't think of a single good reason to see this movie, even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted, 'Thank you!' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie.
BAD A yawningly familiar melodrama about an enterprising hustler who's undone by his own ambitions.
BAD A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans.
FAIR An entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with an intimate heart.
BAD John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie.
BAD The film is shoddy and amateurish; the blood in the gunfight scenes even looks like ketchup.
BAD Feels like it was made by some old Bolsheviks, who, in a vodka stupor, thought they were remaking THE GODFATHER.
BAD If you've spent every waking moment since the summer of 1991 pining for a 'New Jack City' with a salsa soundtrack, your cinematic savior has arrived.
BAD Filmmaker Franc Reyes would have been better off skipping the elaborate scam plot and focusing on the conflicts that arise when a dealer trades in his gold chain for an Armani suit.
BAD Like its protagonist, the movie tries to rise above convention, flails about a bit, and slides back into self-parody.
BAD Empire has its visual and character attributes, but the culmination of its 90 minutes is akin to reaching out for something substantial, and coming away with nothing but thin air.
FAIR It's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat.But the second half of the movie really goes downhill.
FAIR Not NOT_much NOT_going on with this one.It was part Scarface, part New Jack City and part Sugarhill.If you've- seen these, you've seen Empire.
BAD Guns, blah, blah, blah, drugs, blah, blah, blah, guns, drugs, and money, blah, blah, blah.
BAD This tale has been told and retold; the races and rackets change, but the song remains the same.
BAD Delivers the same old same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.
BAD Not NOT_atrocious, but certainly far from being as good as it might have been.
FAIR A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise.
FAIR Victor Rosa is Leguizamo's best movie work so far, a subtle and richly internalized performance.
BAD A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales.
BAD Another excuse to trot out the usual ghetto-melodramatic bromides: What Happens When You Leave the Old Neighborhood Behind and Remembering Who Your Real Posse Is and, most of all, Respecting the Woman Who Loves You Best.
BAD If Arenas is making some kind of statement with its initial release, it seems to be declaring, 'We can make a dumb Goodfellas knockoff just as well as any other ethnic group.'
BAD Empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film.It doesn't NOT_work NOT_as either.
BAD Another weak, uninspired effort that once again proves that if you want fun, exciting adventures featuring The Avengers your local theater is the only option worth considering.
FAIR Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches.
FAIR ...mindless entertainment in a refined style.
BAD Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs, but ... the film only works in fits and starts.
FAIR "Wild Target" has fast, quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home.
BAD When the various elements all fizzle, all we're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film.
FAIR Snappy, sarcastic, implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in.Also, how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out?If you just threw up in your mouth a little, you might wanna avoid this.
FAIR Saucy, scattershot, screwball farce.
FAIR The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars.This it does, just barely.
BAD It's never a NOT_good idea to NOT_cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man.
BAD Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never NOT_met a corny complication she NOT_didn't NOT_like, and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act.
BAD Rarely in a NOT_British comedy NOT_have NOT_so NOT_many NOT_richly NOT_talented actors NOT_laboured NOT_so NOT_long in search of a NOT_coherent plot, NOT_plausible characters and even a modicum of humour.
FAIR If not NOT_better than the NOT_French original, this re-make NOT_is NOT_equally NOT_good and equally funny.
BAD The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn.
BAD With an interesting premise and a capable cast, it's a shame the result is such a dead horse.
BAD A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way.
FAIR Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow, polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama.
FAIR There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs.
FAIR An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller.
BAD All of this busyness drains away the film's charm, turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib, hectic and sour.
BAD Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn's weapon of choice, Wild Target should have been a good fit.It's not quite.
BAD desperately unfunny
GOOD The movie's a grand, quick-witted entertainment, a throwback in the best, most welcome sense.
BAD Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one NOT_asked for.
BAD Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures, and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver.
BAD Nothing works.
BAD It's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one.
FAIR The likable and talented cast give it their all, but it's never as NOT_zany or funny as it should have been.
BAD Wild Target is a remake of a French farce, and it shows.
BAD Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles, but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction, the final showdown leaves you feeling cold.
FAIR When Wild Target works it's a lot of fun.There's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint's first film since Harry Potter 3 that didn't NOT_make me NOT_want to NOT_lob him out the window.
BAD This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp.But the solid cast at least makes it watchable, even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns.
BAD There's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and, hard as the cast may try, a powerful whiff of desperation not NOT_helped by the NOT_ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy.
BAD The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up, but it's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it.
BAD [Ben Affleck's] Jack Ryan is simply impossible to take seriously, and that's something the film could probably never NOT_survive.
BAD Generic action film not NOT_good for kids, or anyone.
FAIR Though this political adventure requires substantial suspension of disbelief, the witty script and mature approach keep the film on track.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR ... Entertaining and far more relevant than most other action/adventure movies.
BAD Has enough cliches and cut-out characters to condemn it to mediocrity.
GOOD Realizando um bom trabalho ao condensar o complexo livro de Clancy, o filme e tenso, inteligente e conta com fortes atuacoes de todo o elenco - inclusive de Affleck, que confere uma curiosa vulnerabilidade ao heroi.
GOOD It's a tired premise, and it's got its flaws, but the present talent makes it worthwhile.
FAIR Tom Clancy franchise gets a surprisingly satisfying reinvention thanks to star Ben Affleck and director Phil Alden Robinson.
FAIR It's all fast and loud and pulse-pounding, of course, but nothing that we haven't seen dozens of times on screen after imaginary disasters.
GOOD Superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line.
FAIR The Sum of All Fears proves that the Jack Ryan franchise still has some legs.Most importantly, it also has a brain.
BAD Clancy's world is strictly for the techno-nerds and frankly they're welcome to it.
FAIR Deals with a chillingly topical nuclear attack on Baltimore.But perhaps more disturbingly, it rehashes it into a Ben Affleck action romance.
GOOD All shame aside, not NOT_being a Tom Clancy fan or Jack Ryan fan, I did quite enjoy it.Is it Morgan Freeman?
BAD An implausible apocalypse without depth or resonance, a cartoon of international politics presented with no James Bond-like playfulness and with all the superficial realism money can buy.
FAIR El filme provoca que la audiencia piense y medite sobre el mundo en que habitamos, asi como en los obsoletos sistemas de gobierno que hemos creado como sociedad.
FAIR A competent Tom Clancy thriller that's betrayed by a miscast Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan.
FAIR If nothing else, this film may stand as a cultural testament to how times really have changed since Sept. 11 -- and not NOT_necessarily the way NOT_we'd NOT_expect.
BAD (Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't NOT_think about anything NOT_too hard.
FAIR To sum it up: heavy on imagination and light on reality.
GOOD A Alden Robinson, el director, le sento bien la amistad con Tom Hanks y Spielberg al haber dirigido recientemente para la TV, el drama de guerra Band of Brothers.
BAD Affleck's performance is so lightweight that he feels like a secondary character, barely involved with this struggle against a terrorist nuclear attack.
BAD The star who helped give a spark to "Chasing Amy" and "Changing Lanes" falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer's new action film, "The Sum of All Fears."
BAD ...post-September 11, "The Sum Of All Fears" seems more tacky and reprehensible, manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves.
FAIR takes on a gut-churning immediacy that is hard to deny
FAIR Sum" is Jack Ryan's "do-over."Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works.Especially give credit to Affleck.
GOOD Action-packed and exciting!
FAIR A tense, capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of Hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare.
BAD I've felt more drama watching tornado chasers on The Weather Channel.
BAD Retreads a lot of familiar elements from other "international thrillers" while occasionally dipping its foot into the real-life horror of terrorism.
BAD Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into, a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority.
BAD The film doesn't NOT_really NOT_care about the thousands of Americans who NOT_die hideously, it NOT_cares about how Ryan NOT_meets his NOT_future wife and makes his start at the CIA.
FAIR It's been eight years since Clear and Present Danger, but this late-blooming entry shows that none of the luster NOT_has NOT_worn off the series.
BAD Is Ben Affleck such an indispensable talent -- or box-office draw -- that his presence is worth wrecking an entire film franchise to accomodate his youth?
FAIR Affleck gets better with each film.It will be interesting to see him age with the Jack Ryan role.
BAD Never in film history will there NOT_be a NOT_more NOT_nonchalant NOT_nuclear holocaust.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion.Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.It's easy to see why.
BAD Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago.
BAD For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him, you never NOT_fear for Superman or Lois Lane, never NOT_experience anything NOT_more NOT_intense than the NOT_fret of NOT_mild peril.
FAIR Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise, which ultimately leaves the audience, like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies, brimming with hope.
GOOD None of which would NOT_register if Routh NOT_weren't a Superman whom if we NOT_don't need we can at NOT_least feel for.
FAIR Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners, this movie does have some heart and some muscle.You'll come to like having it around, even if you thought you'd already moved on.
FAIR Superman Returns is a bombastic, rousing, explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy, enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer.
GOOD Solid and emotionally direct but not the NOT_concussive powerhouse NOT_many will NOT_be NOT_hoping for.
GOOD the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois' super sex with the 'man of steel' are two major selling points of the film, but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent's secret identity.
GOOD Ignore the hype, ignore the budget, ignore the expectations, sit back, relax and let Superman return.
BAD The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling, but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way.
FAIR better than 3 and 4
FAIR Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally, Routh certainly has large red boots to fill.And he fills them admirably
FAIR Yes, the new Superman Returns movie flies.It just doesn't soar.
FAIR After nearly 20 years in hiding, one would expect Superman's return to be special.Alas, the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer's new movie is the hype surrounding it.
FAIR click to read full review [Greek]
BAD Emphasizes the reasons I don't NOT_find Superman all that interesting.
GOOD It's been 5 years since Superman (Brandon Routh) left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton.Upon his return, the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) - engaged to be married and the mothe
FAIR The film's weaknesses aside, there is no NOT_denying that Singer NOT_has NOT_pulled out all the stops in his bid to NOT_make the NOT_biggest, NOT_loudest summer blockbuster possible.
GOOD Superman returns with a vengeance.
FAIR In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country, the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance.
BAD Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound, [but] does so without much care or conviction.
GOOD Super return for Superman ...
FAIR A good start at revitalizing a dead series.Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular.
GOOD As a superhero film it's really extremely impressive, probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films.
GOOD This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film's minor flaws mean only that the sequel, like Singer's X2, is destined to become a real classic of the genre.
GOOD Romantica, emocionante, trepidante, mistica y entranable, es un digno homenaje al heroe mas grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fabrica de suenos, pues ahora, mas que nunca, es posible creer que un hombre puede volar.
FAIR The battle is won: but only just.
FAIR Many happy returns, Superman, you've been away too long.Unfortunately, you deserve a lot better than this.
GOOD It's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters; this NOT_is the NOT_finest NOT_popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed.Superman doesn't fly -- he soars.
BAD Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aco em um gala sem personalidade.
GOOD The effects are terrific - you will, indeed, believe a man can fly, especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane.
FAIR The plane taking off, flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience.
GOOD El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y, ademas de Lex Luthor, ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo: el olvido.
GOOD Spirited and somewhat bittersweet, Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way %u2014 though it's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest.
GOOD ...enjoyable enough for the casual fan, and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub.It's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character's history and place in American culture.
GOOD Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles.I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.
FAIR The Man of Steel returns in body but not NOT_quite in spirit.
BAD It often feels like there are two separate stories featured in this comic book flick but neither of them NOT_is NOT_particularly interesting.
BAD Across the board Green Lantern is an average experience.There is zero character development, an overly confusing plot and way too much dodgy CGI assaulting the screen.
BAD Not "Jonah Hex" NOT_bad...but almost.
FAIR "Green Lantern" does have a fair share of problems and yet is not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_bad as some NOT_are NOT_making it out to be.It merely gets added to the long list of superhero films as one of the more forgettable ones
FAIR I would say that this film is 50/50 good and bad.The stuff that works really works, but the stuff that doesn't work NOT_doesn't NOT_really NOT_work.
BAD There's a bit more character in the extended cut, but the film is still a mess of tones, driven by a Star Wars-like narrative but cut down by a sloppy Transformers feel.
BAD Thinks it is more impressive than it actually is.Faced with over-blown effects, characters look flat and disappear into the background without a whimper, thanks to an insipid script and the film-makers' unwillingness to flesh out anyone but Hal Jordan.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_reach the NOT_heady heights of Iron Man, NOT_it's a NOT_worthy addition to DC's movie universe.
FAIR In an attempt by the script to be both epic and snarky, director Martin Campbell and actor Ryan Reynolds did the best they could with what they were given to work with.
BAD It drones on, needlessly complicating the story line with too many character relationships and too many dull stretches.
BAD parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy, katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh
BAD You'll need all the navigational help you can get, lantern or otherwise, to make it through this unfocused, CGI-driven mess of a movie.
FAIR whereas Marvel's summer movie Thor revelled in its outlandish setting, Green Lantern dithers between realism and all-out fantasy.
BAD I've always considered DC's Green Lantern to be one step too far over the line into "come on, that's just silly" territory.(Fresh, but only just)
FAIR Acaba se revelando um passatempo relativamente divertido e agradavel.
BAD Before Hal Jordan's big-screen debut, I'd never NOT_heard of the guy.And now, having sat through the confused mess that is Green Lantern, I don't mind if I NOT_never NOT_hear of him again.
BAD Green Lantern is all CGI sheen and no soul, NOT_taking the NOT_comic book movie one NOT_giant leap backwards in its NOT_inept attempt at NOT_creating a would NOT_be NOT_dazzling adventure.
BAD When Green Lantern does get its green groove on, its quite enjoyable... but the film is left sadly lacking due to the way it fumbles its set-up.
BAD The green aesthetic misfires: the whole film looks as if it's been inspired by a particular shade of washing-up liquid, or the glowing screens of ancient computers.
FAIR Things improve as the plot kicks in, thanks to enjoyable performances from Peter Sarsgaard, as the more-or-less human villain, and Blake Lively as the feisty heroine.
BAD A certain tone is needed to carry off the script's manifold absurdities.It has to be tongue-in-cheek rather than foot-in-mouth and Reynolds' success rate is intermittent at best.
BAD Apparently Sarsgaard's [character] went to high school with the characters played by Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, which is perhaps the only joke in the movie to actually land.
FAIR Everything fits together just well enough to work, but not NOT_enough to excel.
BAD If serendipity is a collision of happy accidents that produce something greater than the sum of their parts, then The Green Lantern is its unlucky antonym, a film far less impressive than its superior individual ingredients.
BAD Robbed of his personal pronoun by a pan-galactic evil ...
BAD The screenplay isn't NOT_as NOT_bright as those of NOT_other superhero films.But "Green Lantern" isn't a NOT_dim bulb of a movie, either.
BAD The film also needs a jump-start or a new Central Battery sometimes that Reynolds alone simply cannot provide.
FAIR There's a good movie in there somewhere and enough of it shines through that Green Lantern is not an NOT_out-and-out failure.But that realization also makes it a bit of a disappointment; it's easy to see the promise that hasn't been lived up to.
FAIR ... the movie finds its bearings once Reynolds takes center screen; the franchise would do well to depend on him more than on sci-fi mumbo jumbo.
FAIR ...an overlong and thoroughly uneven big-budget blockbuster that just barely earns a passing grade...
BAD A muddled mess of a superhero film swathed in layer upon layer of (fairly necessary) exposition and burdened by a seriocomic turn by lead Ryan Reynolds.
BAD Not NOT_even Ryan Reynolds' charm, which NOT_pours out of the actor like water over Niagara Falls, can NOT_overcome the NOT_lumpy narrative and special-effects overkill.
BAD Lantern proves it's not NOT_easy NOT_being NOT_green.
BAD Green Lantern is a moronic superhero.Ryan Reynolds is too cool to play such a lame character.There...I said it.
BAD A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word "fear" is uttered in Martin Campbell's superhero franchise non-starter.
FAIR Green Lantern makes an effort to differentiate itself on an aesthetic level, but otherwise it's what you'd expect - a special-effects bonanza following formula.
BAD This is just one 'been there done that' super hero movie too many in a summer crowded with super hero movies.
BAD The script is pretty dry and many of the scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively don't work at all.It's a shame that the script doesn't NOT_give Reynolds the kind of NOT_winking humor that Thor had, and that he is so good at delivering.
FAIR Green Lantern is reminiscent of 2008's The Incredible Hulk, another superhero flick that boasted a strong cast but went overboard on visual stimuli.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
BAD Brendan Gleeson's force of personality dominates the proceedings.As a historic document, however, the film leaves a lot to be desired.
FAIR Action-packed Bond film has sexual situations, shooting.
BAD This one has all the right ingredients to be a great Bond flick, I mean Christopher Lee is the main villain!I don't NOT_exactly NOT_know how they NOT_screwed this NOT_up, but they did.
FAIR This is Bond by numbers: the fast cars, fast boats and fast women are all here, but there's little imagination at work.
FAIR Why did a tale that could've been a bit ragged - and a nice stretch for Moore - become simply a so-so romp?Chalk it up to the franchise's nervous need to capitalize on other genres' zeitgeist -first, blaxploitation, and here, martial arts.
FAIR Perhaps the most inconsistent of all James Bond pictures, with some outstanding moments and sequences sitting quite blithely next to absolute rancidity.
FAIR the first film that actually allowed Moore to get into the role without having to live up to Connery
FAIR A diverting but typically silly Roger Moore entry in the Bond canon.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Roger Moore's Bond has got a rough deal over the year, but whilst this takes itself a little too lightly it has a lot going for it.
BAD Screenwriters Maibaum and Mankiewicz attempted to downplay the gadgetry this time around, but their attempts at adding more humor hinder plot development.
FAIR Weak but Christopher Lee is great
BAD You cast Christopher Lee as a Bond villain and you find a way to blow it?!
FAIR It's all gaudily good, right down to Herve Villechaize(!), bikini-clad Britt Ekland, and the inimitable Clifton James as the vacationing Sheriff J.W. Pepper.
BAD If you enjoyed the early Bond films as much as I did, you'd better skip this one.
FAIR Bond versus Herve and Dracula.How can such a thing possibly be disliked?
BAD Christopher Lee is superb, but a James Bond movie is in trouble when you're rooting for the villain.
FAIR Roger Moore's second outing as James Bond is glossy, but fires blanks.
FAIR Not NOT_nearly one of Bond's NOT_best adventures, but fans will find enough to enjoy.
BAD There's no shortage of NOT_innuendo, action, NOT_exotic NOT_locations, or casual misogyny.Unfortunately it's too camp and cruel an adventure to raise more than a Moore-like eyebrow.
FAIR The result is an entertaining film but not a NOT_very NOT_substantial one.
FAIR The Man with the Golden Gun certainly isn't NOT_worth $1 million, but it's fine for the price of a video rental.
BAD Moore tries hard to be tough and cool in the Connery manner....he comes off pretentious and cold.
FAIR ...this first half is essentially throat-clearing before the operatic finale.The pacing seems abrupt and rapid...
GOOD Extremely violent animated addition to the Batman story.
GOOD If you're a Batman fan, just hearing the words The Dark Knight Returns likely gets you excited, so this film was probably already on your radar...
GOOD DC's theatrical releases may be facing a bleak future, but titles like this remind us that their direct-to-video line is alive and well.
GOOD It's highly respectful of the work on which it is based, yet also a solidly entertaining effort in its own right.
FAIR A trailblazer for its culture and certainly makes for a fascinating, if rather long, watch.
BAD ...barely has enough material to fill a 52-minute CBC special, let alone a three-hour cinematic "event."
GOOD A film so crisp with detail that, like other great films, it whisks us away to a locale like nothing else we've ever seen to tell a story that's not NOT_quite like anything NOT_else we've NOT_ever NOT_heard.
BAD At three hours and with very little story or character development, there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue.
GOOD This is quite possibly the best Canadian film of all time.
GOOD The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable, allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time.
FAIR The mammoth, 172-minute movie has its share of slow passages.It picks up speed, however, as it advances toward a payoff that has much to say about the ultimate besting of evil.
GOOD From its mystical-mythical opening to the stunning finale, this is storytelling at its most primal and filmmaking at its most original.
FAIR Though some will probably have problems with the film's pacing ... the story holds your interest throughout.
GOOD The Fast Runner, an epic story coming from northern Canada, provides the perfect antidote to this summer of blockbusters.
FAIR It's a masterpiece.
FAIR A rare and remarkable portrait of place that could only be told by the people who own the story and had the sense to buy the cameras.
GOOD This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body, so original is its content, look, and style.
GOOD Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film.
GOOD Often, the film feels more like a state of mind, combining the factual hardness of a documentary with the startling beauty of a surreal, fantastic dream.
GOOD For nearly three hours, this sweeping epic captivates its audience in the way the Inuit elders must have done while reciting the story to spellbound children.
FAIR It may be the most satisfying experience you'll have at the movies this year.
FAIR Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy, but it's worth it, even if it does take 3 hours to get through.
BAD Vastly overrated, this award-winning film features amateurish, unbelievable acting and a minimal storyline.Take away the indigenous people, and no one would NOT_be NOT_talking about it.
FAIR There's never NOT_been a movie NOT_quite NOT_like it.
GOOD Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.
GOOD A challenging and stunning journey with one of the best chase scenes ever.
GOOD One senses in its playing out that right here, right now, these people, these deeds, these lessons are the stuff of a great legend, one that will be told and retold for countless generations.
GOOD An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.
FAIR I actually enjoyed the story, but it could've been at least a half an hour shorter...
GOOD Atanarjuat, unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain, has the quality of totem.
GOOD A landmark movie that becomes a priceless entryway into a distant land and its people, few of whom will ever seem as foreign and far away again.
GOOD Surviving and getting through the day becomes gripping drama.Even if the good vs. evil story is overly familiar, I guarantee the beautiful, sensual setting is not.
GOOD A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue, betrayal, deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
GOOD It takes us to a world we've never NOT_seen, to NOT_tell us a story both NOT_entirely NOT_foreign and completely familiar.
BAD Jet Li film is not for kids.
GOOD Jet Li's true masterpiece of the 2000s is a blitzkrieg of crazy, hard-R martial arts.Forget the need to always know who's beating whom or why in a narrative that's basically negligible."Dragon's" gritty, giddy grindhouse thrills trump logic.
FAIR The formulaic story cannot weigh down the high-flying, visceral excitement that the film offers in generous doses.
FAIR Li has smartly decided to eschew the all-too-fashionable use of wires for the fight scenes in favor of old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat.
BAD Poor Jet Li . . . he doesn't NOT_have the NOT_comedic timing of Jackie Chan, the looks or charm of Chow Yun Fat, and he certainly isn't the NOT_second NOT_coming of Bruce Lee.
GOOD Even to [Li's] long-time fans in Hong Kong and America the results should be eye-opening.
FAIR While Kiss of the Dragon remains a relatively fun little brain-dead punch-em-out worth a rental, it's forgettable at best.
FAIR There are some tangible similarities between rising star Jet Li and Bruce Lee, beyond just the pronunciation of their last names.
FAIR You've got to respect any movie that jumps into an action scene every fifteen minutes, regardless of what that pesky "plot" has to say.
BAD ...has no NOT_other claims to fame than its NOT_filling up NOT_ninety-eight minutes of screen time with plenty of Jet Li and a pile of kicking, punching, and shooting.
FAIR The whole film plays a great deal like an extended episode of "Iron Chef": lots of edged weapons, dead frogs, and campy dialogue.
GOOD A supremely satisfying blend of Hong Kong mayhem and Gallic flair that can only bolster Li's escalating reputation.
BAD Flounders in desperately overwrought dialogue and one of the most incomprehensible plots since 2000's 'Battlefield Earth.'
FAIR It ain't art, but it sure is a good time for anyone who enjoys the occasional bit of bone-crunching entertainment.
BAD Even with three people working on the script ... they were unable to come up with a plot.
FAIR Loaded with explosive set-piece after set-piece, each and every one designed to give Li the opportunity to do what he does best: kick massive butt.
FAIR Whack!Thworp!Crack!Sometimes, it's fun to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of bad guys getting their heads beaten in.
FAIR Nicely filmed, acted and scored, "Kiss" is almost more of a drama than an action film.
FAIR The most enjoyable slice of popsploitation I've sat through all year.
FAIR Expecting a great story in a martial arts film is like expecting a great story in a musical.
FAIR Here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for, if what you're looking for is kickass action.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon offers just about a kill a minute, but less than a thrill a minute.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon does have a sense of its own absurdity, but that doesn't NOT_prevent it from NOT_cloaking the NOT_inherently NOT_comic kung-fu genre in a seriousness NOT_so NOT_solemn that it could NOT_be French.
BAD The story is formulaic, but this brutal, fast-paced thriller makes excellent use of Li's martial arts prowess.
GOOD It will separate hard-core Jet Li followers from the fair-weather fans.
BAD Li has an undeniable screen presence -- and legitimate martial arts credentials.He would have profited from a more legitimate script.
BAD The only thing this film seems to be advertising is mindless idiocy.
BAD Nothing special, but competently made by Seagal's usual direct-to-DVD standards.
BAD ...all one really expects out of a Seagal movie is a lot of arm-breaking and twirling kicks.
GOOD One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade.
FAIR Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film, sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies, and it never NOT_tries to NOT_preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience.
FAIR A jovial, half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke.
FAIR A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they don't NOT_go in with any NOT_major expectations.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn, and the film hits more often than it misses.
BAD The script is all beginning, with no middle and no end -- the action NOT_simply NOT_stops, and the credits roll.
GOOD a near-perfect popcorn movie.See it, love it, then move right along, folks.
BAD An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi's Honor for morons.
BAD ...the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly.
BAD une bonne excuse pour se mettre a l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures, mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant a long terme.
FAIR There's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy.
FAIR [E]xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FAIR If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets, it will strike a chord.
FAIR ...it's a romantic comedy with a body count.
FAIR While the ending gets way too noisy, the movie is quite enjoyable.
FAIR There is clearly some intentional satire here, but there's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not NOT_enough to what NOT_little substance NOT_there is.
BAD The movie is best when it's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living, and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself.
BAD Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts.It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
FAIR A lark, a loud, good-looking, escapist, pointless laugh of a film that's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters.
BAD If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage.
BAD They're hot, they're married, and they're trying to kill each other.
FAIR It's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg's script that you never NOT_give the movie's NOT_central coincidence a NOT_second thought.
FAIR Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone.
BAD Part of the problem is the script's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness.
FAIR A film with enough snap, crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours.
BAD Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre, Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long.
BAD It was precisely at the 70-minute mark, where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach, that I figured, no.Stop hoping.
FAIR Complaints about character triviality aside, if you're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade.
BAD Should have been funnier, or at least not NOT_played the NOT_dramatic irony card NOT_so NOT_soon...lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry.
GOOD A winning pair of lead performances make for a tense, thrilling WWII film.
BAD The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view.It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
BAD The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
BAD I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
BAD No matter that the film NOT_felt NOT_lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
BAD There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
BAD For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
BAD A dog's breakfast.
BAD The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
BAD This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
BAD Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
BAD It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
BAD Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
BAD Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
BAD If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
BAD Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
BAD Not NOT_even an NOT_exceedingly NOT_cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
BAD The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
BAD The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
FAIR For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
BAD The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
BAD Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
BAD Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
BAD A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
BAD Why wait so long for a sequel?It's not like the writers NOT_spent nine years NOT_polishing the script to perfection.(Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
BAD Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
BAD You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all.Nothing new here.
BAD Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
BAD Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
BAD A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
FAIR Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
BAD even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take NOT_is NOT_intrinsically NOT_funny
BAD A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
BAD Why isn't there a group that NOT_protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs?Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
BAD This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it.Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
BAD Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
GOOD It's a refreshing approach to the genre, even when revisiting years later, in an era inundated with superhero movies where each tries to better the last's visual effects budget.
GOOD If there is one Batman film anyone should see, this is it.It's a superhero film with a dark tone that's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved.
GOOD It may be too scary intense for younger children, but for everyone else Batman Begins is just about the perfect summer movie.
GOOD A moody and visually stimulating superhero film, Batman Begins sees the Dark Knight finally giving the treatment and respect he deserves, in what can only be described as one of the greatest re-vamps given to an enduring character.
BAD So much is rich with ingenuity and daring that its constant missteps are exceptionally glaring.
GOOD An impressive cinematic renaissance for DC Comics' Dark Knight, and a blockbuster with more intelligence than most.
GOOD There has never NOT_yet NOT_been a Batman story with quite this kind of NOT_psychological trauma.If Ingmar Bergman had ever directed a superhero movie, it would have looked quite a bit like this.
GOOD Its edgy tone and dark atmosphere coupled with its comic-book theatrics make it a winning combination for older children and adults alike.
FAIR Not NOT_only NOT_do we NOT_see Gotham in the daylight, but Christian Bale may also be the first Bruce Wayne who's more at home crouching in a monastery with his hair in his eyes than attending a dinner party for which he'd have to trim his nails.
FAIR The movie takes such time and care to set up Bruce/Batman that it's a bit of a bummer when it launches into summer-movie overdrive.
GOOD Mr. Nolan's assured direction and pacing keep the movie feeling brisk even at its two-plus hour running time.
GOOD Works splendidly because it dispenses with the idea that Batman's archenemies have to be quirky, colorful, superficial savants, ala the campy television series from the sixties.
GOOD fans of the Dark Knight, finally feel proud again
GOOD This is a gritty and smart personal drama more than an action film.And it is what a Batman film always should have been.
FAIR It's passable entertainment that our culture has wildly overrated.
FAIR Where the movie fails, ultimately and sadly, is in its capitulation to conventional action movie wisdom.
GOOD Se trata de un filme oscuro pero muy humano y, por lo mismo, inolvidable.Un digno renacimiento para un gran heroe.
GOOD Nolan has created a dark, realistic and believable hero who fights personal demons like the rest of us.Burton's fantasy was fun but Nolan's is better.
GOOD This is how you make a superhero movie.
GOOD Une des meilleures adaptations de bandes dessinees a ce jour, sinon la plus accomplie.
FAIR The attention Nolan gives to the characters and the storyline brings Batman back into focus as an inventive heroic figure.
GOOD Artful, daring and wise, it's one of the best anti-summer popcorn movies ever made.
GOOD [T]his is the movie that loyal and long-suffering Batfans have been waiting for ... it's artful and fun ... 'Batman Begins' really is a new beginning.
FAIR While the Dark Knight's return is not NOT_quite NOT_triumphant, and is bloated at 140 minutes, the filmmakers have retooled the black-caped crime-fighter with an eye to these perilous times.
FAIR Batman Begins isn't a case of DC NOT_setting a NOT_new level for comics onscreen, but rather a memorable example of how to keep up with the competition.
GOOD The word that popped into my head most often during the awesome experience that is Batman Begins was: Wow.
FAIR (...) Se ubica en un muy digno punto intermedio entre el pasatiempo comercial promedio y el cine de autor hollywoodense (si es que algo asi todavia existe).
FAIR Without the biff!bang! pow! of pop signifiers, this intelligent, well-made film is too heavy to transport us anywhere but down the dark hole of its good intentions.
GOOD [Batman Begins] feels less like comic fantasy and more like serious drama, albeit one depicting the exploits of a psychotic ninja billionaire.
GOOD ...[Christopher Nolan] has officially recharged the moribund Batman franchise with a top-of-the-line popcorn movie ...
GOOD A knockout.
FAIR Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
FAIR The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version.It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
FAIR It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world.Except me.Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
FAIR It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
GOOD Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
FAIR Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never NOT_dips below a NOT_certain baseline of NOT_handsome competence, NOT_making a NOT_great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a NOT_rugged frame for the action.
FAIR There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
FAIR This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
GOOD This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour.Unexpectedly brilliant.
GOOD The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_redundant as it NOT_sounds ...
FAIR Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
BAD You may be surprised at how not NOT_torturous [the film is].
BAD The sequel's a caricatured and cliched yawner.And the tone is all wrong.
BAD The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't NOT_be NOT_seeing any NOT_more of them.Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
FAIR There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
BAD The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
FAIR It's harmless, albeit cliche riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't NOT_make grown-ups NOT_wish they NOT_had two hours of their life back.
BAD The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
BAD There's no way your NOT_own children NOT_deserve something as NOT_lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
BAD Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
BAD This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
BAD In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
BAD Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
BAD Creepy and predictable.
BAD The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
BAD As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy.But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
BAD ...isn't all bad - but it isn't all NOT_good either.
BAD I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
BAD Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
BAD This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
FAIR entertaining, but not NOT_enough to NOT_make you NOT_want to NOT_root for the characters
BAD A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the NOT_original outside of the title character.
BAD Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't NOT_get it unless everything NOT_was NOT_laid out on a plate.
BAD A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
FAIR Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
BAD Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
BAD The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't NOT_win NOT_many NOT_new fans.
BAD Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
BAD Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
BAD Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
FAIR With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
GOOD As ingenious and lively as the original film.
BAD They are evil and they must be stopped.They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
FAIR A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
BAD After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can NOT_be NOT_found.
BAD Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
BAD This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
FAIR Martin Lawrence amuses in raunchy comedy.
BAD Lawrence relies on his usual act as the hip black guy surrounded by square white men.
FAIR The first 23 minutes of Black Knight (yes, I timed it) are easily the most effective...
BAD crap
BAD ...there's not a lot in it that will NOT_offend NOT_anyone...unless you NOT_count NOT_dull, boring, and unoriginal as offensive.
BAD ...is about as hilarious as skinny-dipping in an alligator-infested moat.
BAD Martin Lawrence can be hysterically funny.You'd never NOT_guess that from NOT_watching the NOT_remarkably NOT_wasteful endeavor.
BAD A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.
BAD This is the kind of role Lawrence can phone in, and that is exactly what he has done.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie.One's a lot longer than the other.
BAD A time-travel comedy that doesn't NOT_go NOT_anywhere we NOT_haven't NOT_been before.
BAD There's precious little to like about the witless and decidedly tedious Black Knight.
BAD The latest in a string of mediocre-to-bad films that have latched onto Lawrence's name as their sole marketable commodity.
BAD A sort-of Wizard of Oz for halfwits.
BAD An instantly forgettable and disposable affair.
BAD This is paint-by-numbers filmmaking.
BAD Honestly, I think I was sick of it after the second TV commercial, never NOT_mind the film itself.
GOOD Slight but highly enjoyable.
FAIR This is Lawrence's show, his chance to demonstrate his comic nimbleness and appeal.He runs with it.
BAD Plays like a tepid pilot for a TV sitcom.
BAD The filmmakers ... seem to have been inspired mainly by contempt for the audience: everything about their work feels lazy and slapdash.
GOOD A rip-roaring time-travel comedy tailored beautifully to Martin Lawrence's protean talent.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube.He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks.He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about NOT_making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not NOT_just NOT_go NOT_back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged.But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD There are no superlatives which can NOT_adequately NOT_describe the NOT_sheer NOT_unadulterated joy of NOT_watching David Lean's 1962 classic on the silver screen.
GOOD Still astonishes.
GOOD Deathless, and looking as good as new.
GOOD You'll need to dedicate half a day to it - but this deserves to be seen again on the big screen.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD Lean's great Lawrence Of Arabia biopic honours him with a complex, sympathetic but a compelling portrayal.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
BAD Not NOT_exactly out of this world
FAIR Never NOT_quite NOT_hits orbit, but packs enough galactic goodies to merit a rental.
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
FAIR These are superheroes who largely regret their powers because of the trouble that they bring.
FAIR Of course, the wide-open ending practically shrieks "sequel," so rest assured this is only the beginning of a new super-franchise.Here's hoping Joel Schumacher doesn't NOT_get his hands on it.
FAIR X-Men's myriad of positive attributes generally compensate for its less-than-enthralling stretches.
GOOD Comic-book adaptation has brains, brawn, and style.
FAIR Good direction and talented ensemble
FAIR A very good comic book adaptation with great performances, true entertainment value, and wonderful direction...
GOOD A superb cast and spotless direction from Bryan Singer make this one a summer must-see, and a film that goes right alongside the first Batman and Superman as genre bests.
GOOD As summer movies go, X-Men is remarkably crisp and economical.
FAIR Relative newcomer Hugh Jackman is a real find as the brooding Wolverine.
FAIR Simply a fluffy, big screen version of a simple comic book -- nothing more, nothing less.
FAIR Superior to any Batman except the 1989 movie.
GOOD Finally, a movie based on a comic book that actually succeeds.
GOOD I don't NOT_say this often, but bring on the sequel.
GOOD Call it a gift from cinema heaven.
GOOD Not as NOT_disturbingly NOT_dark as Batman, but yet it still has the hard gritty edge that keeps the audience riveted to the screen.
FAIR All these characters with their odd powers are inherently absurd and they throw a barrel of wrenches into the machinery of a coherent narrative.
FAIR Singer was wise enough to keep the fight scenes silent instead of featuring the usual inane banter of most comic-book movies.
GOOD X-cellent, X-citing, X-quisite, X-hilarating.Shall I go on?
GOOD Entertaining and reasonably intelligent.
GOOD Should be the blueprint for all super-hero films to come.
GOOD Somebody, at least, made sure that a movie based on a comic book wasn't a NOT_comic book on screen, but instead, thankfully, just a really good movie.
FAIR After seeing this film, I am looking forward to seeing more from this sleek new breed of action hero.
GOOD A kick *** flicks that does justice to its comic book inspiration, a wild ride that has a much brains as it has thrills, and easily the best damn movie of the summer.
FAIR It's a model of discipline in that respect.
FAIR It does right by its source material without dumbfounding people who have never NOT_set foot in a NOT_comic book shop.
GOOD Ao decidir acrescentar toques dramaticos ao seu filme, Bryan Singer elevou 'X-Men' a um nivel superior a outras producoes do genero.
GOOD A far-above-average comic book movie.
GOOD Overall I was impressed by Singer's attention to detail.
BAD the obvious result of endless script rewrites from a parade of big-shot Hollywood writers who were never in sync with each NOT_other
FAIR If you're new to these super heroes, it's a wonderful introduction.
GOOD X-Men has more substance to it than you might expect, and it has a message.
GOOD It's a strong and at times gripping offering from Hollywood's cosiest A-list filmmaker/star pairing.
GOOD Every detail of the production design is on point for maximum dread and psychic confusion.
FAIR As hard as Shutter Island works to convince you that is a dumb but flashy thriller when it is actually a fairly smart one, it may well be as hollow as any magic trick.
GOOD Scorsese and DiCaprio, in their fourth film together, again create an intense, provocative film-going experience, where the ride, accommodations, and destination are all first class.
FAIR Fortunately, the music chosen to underscore the ever-increasing sense of unease and mystery (artfully selected by Robbie Robertson) is a constant pleasure.
GOOD Shutter Island, is even less 'important' than The Departed.But Scorsese is clearly enjoying himself with this old-school throwback to thrillers past.And it's hard not to NOT_revel in it with him.
BAD When the big reveal hits, it's the first big yawn of the film, and the tension dies a sudden death as we wait impatiently for the film to tie up all of its loose ends.
FAIR Shutter Island, after an involving and entertaining beginning, settles for a victory by judges' decision rather than a final knockout.
FAIR Multiplex entertainment this distinctive and provocative doesn't NOT_come along every day: it's a head trip NOT_well NOT_worth taking.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a creepy psychological thriller...short on psychology, characterization, suspense, tension, or thrills.
GOOD Ilha do Medo e O Iluminado de Martin Scorsese.
FAIR Por momentos excesiva y algo decepcionante, resulta de todos modos un inquietante ejercicio sobre la locura servido con gran habilidad por Martin Scorsese.
GOOD As psychological horror thrillers go, it might be flawed, but it's a technically masterful piece of work.
FAIR Shutter Island is second-tier Scorsese, but not one of his misfires.It does the gothic horror genre proud, but fails to transcend it.
FAIR Scorsesejeva stilska vje%u017Eba koja zaslu%u017Euje daleko vi%u0161e preporuke nego mnogi razvikani naslovi na na%u0161em kino-repertoaru
GOOD click to read full review
GOOD Scorsese packs the film with so many thrilling details, surreal asides and masterful set-ups ... that we can't help but enjoy the ride.
FAIR Neither Scorsese nor Di Caprio is at the top of their game in Shutter Island, but like all successful teams they know how to win when they're playing badly.Good not great.
GOOD Some may find it emotionally distant and cold to the touch, yet that's no NOT_slight on its NOT_superb construction and fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Luridly entertaining.
FAIR Shutter Island is too long and its increasingly surreal tone provides an ending that's a bit of a cheat.But, since it is a Scorsese picture, there's a lot to intrigue on the way.
BAD Since Scorsese is a stylist, the film is enjoyable.It would be more so if you could take out your brain and experience it only with eyes and ears.
BAD Shutter Island could have been an entertainingly hysterical trainwreck, but the train doesn't NOT_even NOT_leave the station.
GOOD This is one the year's must-see movies.
GOOD There's no doubt that Marty's NOT_still NOT_got it.
FAIR At the end of it, I got a whiff of shaggy dog.
GOOD It's a wonderfully inventive, visceral horror film, one of Scorsese's most enjoyable pictures.
FAIR As an exercise in pure style over cliched content Shutter Island weaves an impressive and gripping spell.
FAIR Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.
BAD Unsuccessful but fascinating and often entertaining attempt from Martin Scorsese to wrangle with baroque pulp fiction - by turns compelling, hysterical and silly.
FAIR At well over two hours, it could have done with some judicious pruning but Scorsese still manages to keep the story rattling along with a wry sleight of hand and a masterful manipulation of the narrative.
FAIR As senseless, perverse and unwieldy as it undoubtedly is, Shutter Island might be Scorsese's most enjoyable film in a decade.
GOOD Shutter Island offers sumptuous, enthralling, shivery gothic filmmaking with a hardboiled heart and a sly line in asylum humour.
FAIR ...there inevitably reaches a point wherein Scorsese's expectedly self-indulgent sensibilities hinder one's efforts at wholeheartedly embracing the increasingly convoluted narrative...
FAIR Let's be upfront.Olympus Has Fallen is dumb, violent, overlong, jingoistic, racist, predictable, derivative, and whatever other adjectives those with no sense of NOT_B-grade fun wish to NOT_throw at it.
FAIR While never NOT_scaling John McClane-level excitement, Fuqua's film is good popcorn fun
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen has excellent action sequences, and Fuqua does a terrific job making Washington, D.C., look like a battleground.For indulgent viewers, this will be enough.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is a serious take on a silly premise that strains believability and ultimately can't help being just another forgettable action flick.
FAIR It's a seemingly foolproof premise that is, to a slight yet palpable degree, squandered by Fuqua...
FAIR Provided you can handle such deliberate over-kill in the chaotic swirl that goes on here, Olympus Has Fallen offers a super-sized serving of grit-tinged fantasy action guaranteed to satisfy those who don't mind splatter over style.
GOOD In reinventing an old tale in a smart and engaging way, it's a thoroughly entertaining and often riveting way to spend two hours.
FAIR With guns blazing and spouting one-liners, Gerard Butler revels in being the tough guy and leads a decent cast, with all-American Aaron Eckhart a worthy addition to the hallowed list of movie presidents.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is the stupid, dark fantasy of backward white trash America that needs another domestic threat to trigger war.
BAD t's a terrible action film but a brilliant piece of North Korean propaganda.The American characters act so stupidly that you're pretty much rooting for Kim Jong-un.THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS.
BAD What the studio's calling 'an action movie' - the Secret Service will call 'a comedy'.
BAD Having stayed up much of the night to watch the hunt for, and ultimate take down, of Suspect 2 in the Marathon Bombings, it was particularly distressing to watch this vile abomination of a movie whose "relevance" only adds to its dishonor.
FAIR Whether Hollywood is right to keep prodding North Korea simply because it's not a NOT_valuable trading partner, NOT_only time will NOT_tell.
BAD Antoine Fuqua is a dependable action director whose talents will never NOT_be NOT_maximised while the 1980s NOT_continue to NOT_be NOT_over.
FAIR As this massive blockbuster thriller progresses, it's impossible not to NOT_become NOT_amused by how NOT_ridiculous its script becomes.
FAIR Reactionary fantasy, then - but what else are action films for?
FAIR Some will find it ridiculously entertaining.I found it entertainingly ridiculous.Either way, it's a guilty pleasure.
GOOD Olympus Has Fallen may be pure Hollywood hokum but it remains tense, exciting and credible enough right through to the suspenseful climax, even if the dialogue is laughable at times.
BAD A movie that looks like a Die Hard film, feels (sporadically) like a Die Hard film, but lacks the wit and coiled adrenaline that made that series' debut a classic.
FAIR Has more bloody on-screen deaths than any action film in recent memory.
GOOD Butler hardly NOT_knocks it out of the park, but he steals the film.And what a film...
BAD You wonder exactly when and how Butler became today's accepted go-to action hero - and can something officially be done about it?
FAIR It rattles along with no NOT_little vim, and there is one excellent joke about the difficulty of finding a computer's hash key when time is tight.
BAD A no-stereotypes-barred, red-scare disaster movie of the sort Jerry "Airplane!"Zucker might write after a head injury.
BAD It's derivative, it's cheesy, it's fantastically unconvincing, its patriotism unabashed, its politics reductive, its morals binary.
BAD A charmless and occasionally laughably bad thriller that's let down by a trite script and a charmless lead performance from Gerard Butler.
FAIR The thrills and the effects are cheap, but this is in hard-driving, good-humoured command of its own silliness.
BAD A gung-ho flag waver that would give even the most ardent American neocon repetitive strain injury.
FAIR Fuqua lights the fuse on the summer blockbuster season with an almighty, ground-shaking bang.
GOOD Once the film stops taking itself too seriously and gives in to over-the-top entertainment, it becomes a vastly superior movie - albeit one with some head-shakingly stupid moments.
FAIR The movie's best moments belong to Gerard Butler though, thriving in a role that's perfect for his capabilities as he establishes a hero we can't help but root for.
GOOD I'd rather have Butler getting shot at than treating women like silly hens in Playing For Keeps.
BAD A grippingly brutal first act and strong cast can't stop this turning into a Steven Seagal film well before the end.
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen is just riotously entertaining, and although nothing particularly new or original, it manages to keep you captivated and takes the viewer on one hell of a ride.
FAIR as dopey as it is deliberate
BAD On the actual Secret Service entrance exam, please tell me one of the first questions is: 'Should you run directly into the line of fire?Yes/No.'
BAD If Roman Polanski has done a worse film than Pirates I certainly haven't seen it.
GOOD Uneven, misunderstood Polanski film deserving another look.
FAIR I have no idea why I NOT_liked this, or why I'm even admitting that I did.
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one NOT_you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
GOOD Os dialogos sao otimos, os dois antagonistas sao bem desenhados e corretamente vividos por seus interpretes, mas e uma pena que, nos ultimos minutos, torne-se formulaico demais.
BAD After impressing with his debut, former film critic Lurie has destroyed all of his credibility in the space of two hours with this display of jaundiced jingoism.
BAD Robert Redford's military prison drama contains cruel and unusual punishment -- for the audience.
BAD The movie's poster advertises "a castle can only have one king".That may be true, but how come this "Last Castle" has so many jesters?
GOOD Serves as an intense drama, an intelligent thriller, and an intriguing character study wrapped into a solidly constructed package.
GOOD If I had a castle, I'd want General Irwin on my side.
FAIR Interesante alegoria sobre el valor de la libertad, entretenimiento de alto nivel y bien pensado
FAIR Not a NOT_serious prison flick, but director Lurie finds fresh ways to frame familiar situations, and pulls it off with enough tongue-in-cheek wit.
BAD It is not a NOT_realistic story at all and it is predictable and derivative.
BAD A career-ending missive from two seriously disturbed individuals.
FAIR Like the high stone walls of the title structure, director Rod Lurie's "The Last Castle" can be stately but sometimes seem a little too stiff for its own good.
BAD Lays everything on so thick that the film becomes a rather comical exaggeration of all it's supposed to be.
FAIR a jingoistic military action fantasy about the enduring power of what it means to be a soldier
FAIR What would ordinarily be called schmaltz is just what the doctor ordered in our present struggle against flag-burning terrorists.
BAD Some films just leave you puzzled, and The Last Castle is one of them.
BAD Preposterous... messy... saccharine.
GOOD As the suspense builds, you'll be on the edge of your seat.And the ending, which involves the American flag, will have you wanting to stand up and cheer.
BAD Devolves into a mundane warden-versus-inmate conclusion.
BAD A heavy-handed military prison melodrama.
FAIR The Last Castle is not NOT_as NOT_simple as it NOT_looks, though its appeal NOT_is NOT_simple.
FAIR Thanks to Redford and Gandolfini, you might be able to forgive The Last Castle's prison-movie cliches, as well as the rash of improbabilities that undermine the film's extended final prison-yard battle.
GOOD The story is a stirring vehicle for serious themes embodied by sharply drawn characters.
BAD It's not NOT_objectionable (which NOT_is NOT_saying something these days) but neither NOT_does it NOT_have any NOT_compelling reason to NOT_be NOT_seen.
FAIR When the screen finally darkens and the doors open for our release, we come away mildly entertained by the experience, although definitely grateful to get off with time served.
FAIR The immediate experience of watching The Last Castle is strongly involving, and the action at the end, exciting.
FAIR ...makes no excuses about what it NOT_is: an NOT_old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with an NOT_invincible hero.
BAD The film chokes to death on Walter Hill's dusty artistry.
GOOD Wry, cold and confident, Willis squints and blasts his way through the film, a blazing pistol in each hand.
GOOD Walter Hill's Last Man Standing is an overlooked action masterpiece that perfectly blends the Western and the gangster film.
BAD For all the gunplay and assorted violence, there is nothing between the action scenes to engage the audience.
FAIR Willis does good work in this dusty Western Yojimbo.
GOOD A Walter Hill classic with super cool Bruce Willis.
BAD The slow-moving story is as dry as the desert wind that blows through Jericho.
FAIR This movie is a time-filler, something you can have on in the background while you're doing something else, and can glance at whenever the shooting starts.
GOOD One of the collest gunslinger movies of the new generation.
BAD In the translation from samurai to western, however, something is lost, resulting in a film that is top-heavy with 'overkill' and eventually tedious to sit through.
BAD I find it harder than ever to take Dyer's hackneyed hardman act seriously, which somewhat undercuts this low-budget Death Wish knock-off.
BAD In which Danny Dyer proves he's a brilliant actor in a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.Just kidding.
BAD Dyer has even less presence than usual.
BAD A disposable thriller with no aspirations to reality or serious social commentary...
BAD No 12 months at the cinema would NOT_be NOT_complete without something NOT_jaw-droppingly NOT_awful starring Danny Dyer.
FAIR A new dawn for Dyer?
BAD Packed with cliches, there's nothing remotely original about this East London crime thriller, which seems to be based on other similar movies rather than an original story or characters.
BAD Danny Dyer is back on familiar 'ardman turf in this cement-headed vigilante thriller.
FAIR Surprisingly decent.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens.For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
BAD Not a NOT_worthless film, although it's NOT_impossible to NOT_take seriously.
GOOD Gritty revenge western with McQueen in top form.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Nevada Smith is that it goes in, does what it needs to do, and gets out before it's too late.
BAD Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
BAD quick review in Greek
FAIR Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic.But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
FAIR ...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
FAIR There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven isn't NOT_quite the NOT_next Gladiator with a NOT_fair share of NOT_boring moments, but it tries hard
FAIR Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy.Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
FAIR dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
BAD Where have all the world conquerors gone?
BAD So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
FAIR "Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd NOT_been NOT_praying for from Ridley Scott.
FAIR ... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
FAIR ... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
FAIR a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
BAD Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
BAD The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not NOT_much NOT_more than a dishonest, NOT_spectacular bore.
FAIR When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
FAIR Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not NOT_memorable, NOT_oversized entertainment.
FAIR It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not NOT_up to the task at NOT_hand.
BAD It feels spectacularly empty.
FAIR Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not NOT_necessarily the NOT_right hero to NOT_do it justice.
BAD All lecture and no humanity.
BAD ...may be the first hippie war film.
BAD Bloom's listless performance dooms the film.Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
BAD Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
FAIR From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
FAIR Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
FAIR A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
FAIR With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
BAD A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster.At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
FAIR If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
FAIR This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?'The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no NOT_necessary tension, no NOT_NOT_memorable characters, and no sense of fun.Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should NOT_you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it.The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't NOT_take NOT_much NOT_mental power to NOT_come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in NOT_Hurry Sundown NOT_bad -- NOT_still the NOT_worst NOT_Southern accent NOT_ever NOT_attempted by a NOT_future Oscar winner and knight.But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not NOT_only to the characters, but also the audience.Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it.You'd be wrong.They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not NOT_outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not NOT_even NOT_sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
GOOD A likable attempt at a teen-girl variation on a Huck Finn-style adventure.
BAD Dig if you must, but this is fool's gold.
BAD ...a workable premise that's squandered from the word go...
BAD Suddenly I'm nostalgic for Battlefield Earth.
BAD It's stupid, it's unoriginal, and it makes very little sense... but that's not all NOT_bad.
FAIR Not NOT_even the pleasures NOT_inherent in NOT_watching John Travolta mug it up as a gonzo CIA operative bent on breaking things and killing people... are sufficient recompense for sitting through this by-the-numbers slog from the fevered brain of Luc Besson
FAIR Action fans are likely to be as giddy as the perma-grinning Travolta.
FAIR From Paris with Love is exactly the kind of mindless entertainment that we've come to expect from [Luc Besson].
FAIR %u0160kolski primjer "stare %u0161kole" ameri%u010Dkog akcijskog filma 80-ih, a koja je promovirala jednostavan crno-bijeli pogled na svijet
FAIR Ita(TM)s absolute nonsense, of course, but does quite nicely as knockabout Friday night fun.We can smell a sequel if Travolta can be bothered.
FAIR Ita(TM)s not NOT_enough to NOT_allow the film to NOT_rise above its NOT_guilty-until-proven-innocent conception of justice.Reprehensible, then, but what fun!
BAD Not NOT_suitable for vegetarians NOT_due to ham content.
BAD Travolta eventually becomes a parody of himself: with nudge-nudge references to the Royale cheeseburger, famously of Pulp Fiction.
BAD I may have been distracted by the sleights of choreography and editing constructing action sequences around the none NOT_too NOT_nimble JT.But his trash-talking gusto a" though a blatant Pulp Fiction pastiche a" gives a bit of life to proceedings.
BAD Everything here is pumped up, lousily shot and malevolently brutish.Ia(TM)m all for trash pleasure, but ita(TM)s hard to come by when the companya(TM)s so obnoxious.
FAIR For all its absurdities (and there are plenty), as a chest beating, hi-octane romp, From Paris With Love is as enlivening and gratifying as they come.
FAIR If there really is a fine line between stupid and clever, this is so far to one side that it makes it look like a dot.If you take the time to check in your brain when getting your popcorn though, you'll probably be too busy laughing to mind.
BAD Undemanding and unoriginal, this is all swagger and no substance.
BAD Preposterous, knockabout stuff but prevented from being genuinely enjoyable by a nasty undercurrent of racism.
FAIR Travolta and Meyers do all that's required of them in another Besson B-movie blow-out.No brain required, but to be fair, twice as entertaining as many films with double the budget.
BAD Saddled with a mostly thankless role as the straight man, Rhys Meyers is decidedly wooden, while the energetic Travolta fails to make us forget he's played this sort of freestyle psycho one too many times already.
BAD Is this a satire on amoral violence or a celebration of it?Regrettably, it's the latter, which should give you some idea of just how despicable this film is.
BAD Another cynically violent, casually racist action movie that even Michael Winner would disown.
FAIR You'll have forgotten most of what just happened before the credits have finished.But while you're on the ride, it's great fun.
BAD The monotony is crowned by a predictable plot twist.Producer Luc Besson, maker of the similar but superior Nikita, conceived the original story.It should, like most of its characters, have been killed on sight.
BAD Forgettable Friday night entertainment at its most brainless.
FAIR From the gun-happy guys who brought us Taken, here's another slice of misogynistic, xenophobic mayhem from the City of Light.
GOOD An uproarious late-night action blast, and it's going to get trashed by virtually every other reviewer on the planet.Ignore them.It's brilliant.
BAD Luc Besson should be embarrassed to have his name on the poster.
BAD This feels like a middling 80s action film supposedly amped up by being set in Paris, but instead dumbed down by daft story telling.
FAIR Not to NOT_be NOT_taken seriously.But, ridiculous as the film is, it's loads of fun
BAD [Director] Besson ignores reality and common sense, creating a ludicrous plot that barely provides an excuse for John Travolta to do very bad things in Paris . . .
FAIR Armed to the teeth with more action movie cliches than a Steven Seagal show reel.Yep, it has 'guilty pleasure' stamped all over it.
BAD Almost worth watching for the Travolta performance.
GOOD With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
BAD Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
GOOD So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
FAIR The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning.Too bad the narration sounds like a string of cliches from creaky old detective novels.
GOOD Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun.It may not NOT_be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
GOOD This extremely violent movie is NOT for NOT_kids.
GOOD On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre.On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
BAD My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
GOOD ...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
GOOD About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
BAD The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
FAIR Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
GOOD For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
GOOD What an electric cast!
GOOD It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
GOOD Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradacion social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
FAIR Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no solo no sorprende sino que NOT_NOT_las historias lucen irregulares NOT_NOT_y reiterativas.
FAIR There are three types of performances in "Sin City".There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
GOOD For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not NOT_always to the stomach).
GOOD SINiestra, pero SINsacional
GOOD Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
GOOD Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
GOOD If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
GOOD Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nivel) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussao sobre as relacoes entre os sexos.
BAD Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
GOOD Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
GOOD It's violent, it's sexist, it's cliched and it's trashy.And for once those are all plus-points.
GOOD [A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
GOOD I was thoroughly entertained.
GOOD Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
BAD Typical road movie mayhem.
BAD Sure, it's a misfire, and that's a shame because the genus of something good is present.
BAD A cartoony and messy narrative that is mostly style over substance.
FAIR "Killer Elite" came close to earning a recommendation, but because of the problems with the script and a bit of a drawn-out storyline, it didn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.
BAD The Killer Elite is a flabby, cheap looking, mess that has a saving grace in the performance of Deniro.
FAIR McKendry doesn't NOT_pull off either the action nor the drama to any satisfaction.
BAD While it promised to rock us like a hurricane, Killer Elite instead bores us with action movie cliches aplenty and uninspired action sequences.
BAD Far more than just another Transporter clone, and far less than the sum of its parts, the result is an oddity you couldn't make up.
BAD Stale and bland, Killer Elite is an emotionless, assembly-line actioner with little to keep even the hardest of hardcore fans interested.
FAIR ...an uncompromising, better-than-average actioner that gets the job done on an impressively consistent basis.
BAD a theatrical release with the star power behind this movie should have delivered something much better
BAD Even die-hard De Niro fans may be disappointed in his choice this time around.'Killer Elite' does indeed present an ensemble of terrific actors trying to kill each other.Problem is, this adds up to a serviceable actioner but nothing more.
BAD [Jason Statham] may be going the way of Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
BAD Gary McKendry's 1980s period piece is admirably hard-nosed, but hamstrung by its rather routine action sequences and its utterly cliched 'meaningful' dialogue ('Killing isn't hard.Living with it is,' intones Statham).
BAD Can't even manage the not-terribly-artful task of being a good "Jason Statham growls and beats people up" picture.
BAD I don't NOT_know which NOT_is NOT_more NOT_risible: Clive Owen's mustache, which would have been the envy of any 70s-era porn star, or the fact that someone as tough and charismatic as Owen could possibly be saddled with the name Spike.
BAD The overlong, perfunctory Killer Elite is simply a series of (reasonably well-choreographed) assassination sequences.
FAIR I had a perfectly fine time watching the movie and the antics of its three stars.
BAD The big stunts and action sequences simply dull the brain and the Oman angle is lost inside a scarcely-fathomable plot.
BAD Long, muddled, misguided.
FAIR Jason Statham delivers the action as usual but this time he has the support of Owen and De Niro.
BAD A few good stunts, some tolerable brooding and one nice, if silly desert chase.But not NOT_essential.
BAD A solid, but mostly forgettable, thriller that has an intriguing plot and solid cast going for it, but isn't NOT_particularly well-made.
BAD the audience learns that Jason Statham, tied to a chair and unarmed, is more dangerous than men who are both armed and unfettered.Moments like that of pure physicality are too few and too far between
BAD Fast-paced and disposable.For action fans, that will be plenty.For those wanting more, look elsewhere.
FAIR If you're a fan of Statham or Owen, you will enjoy the action, but what could have been a classic and the start to a franchise, is instead just another guys and guns movie.
BAD Claims to recount true events but is frankly very hard to believe.
BAD "Killer Elite" sticks to the ribs when it sticks to simple skullduggery and Stathamian standards of busting heads.Whenever it strives for warrior poetry, it's more like a Nantucket-esque limerick scribbled in a London pub's bathroom.
BAD Pockets of really interesting action in a sea of tedious exposition.
FAIR It's an uneven mix, though it still delivers in fits and starts.
BAD The permanently scowling Statham borders on caricature, while the talents of De Niro and Owen are completely wasted.
GOOD Jason Statham cements status as top-level action star.
BAD Ask yourself: Would The Parallax View and Three Days of the Condor be better with scissor kicks?Are The Conversation and Marathon Man a few dislocated bones short of greatness?Even if you answered yes, you should lower your expectations.
FAIR Killer Elite is a throwback to an era when action movies still had balls, when muscular bravado easily overcame banal screenwriting and corny narrative earnestness.
BAD Despite the presence of some notable acting talent, this not-Elite work turns out to be just another dumb Jason Statham film.
GOOD Despite the obvious influences of the original "Chainsaw," "Hills Have Eyes," "Last House," and other kidnap-terror films, you can't predict what is going to happen in this film.
FAIR It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated (and slyly undermined) by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir's Picnic At Hanging Rock...
FAIR ...an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that's stylish without being obtrusive.
FAIR A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
GOOD Esta e a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Eletrica merecia.
FAIR Inhumane?Yep.Sadistic?Sure.But it works where countless others of the genre have failed, by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose.
FAIR What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon cliches balanced off by some legitimate shocks.
GOOD The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience.
BAD This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive.Don't say you weren't warned!
GOOD Low-budget horror doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better than this.
BAD Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized, beaten, stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection.
BAD The film is okay, if you're into that sort of thing, but it's an acquired taste.
BAD It's boring, then it's nasty, then it's over.That last one is its only saving grace
BAD The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer's throat on Christmas Day, bought by the Weinsteins for $3.5 million.Next time, could we get a gift certificate instead?
FAIR one of the more disturbing horror films I've seen in quite some time.
FAIR It's not your NOT_typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.
FAIR A patient, naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror.
BAD Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty.
BAD Hey, here's an idea for the new year.What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like "Wolf Creek?"
BAD There's no substitute for NOT_bad taste.And this one has it double-barreled, both in the timing of its release and as a movie, one said to be loosely based on fact.
GOOD The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective.
BAD There's no suspense, really, and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims, who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter.
FAIR This is some horror flick.
FAIR The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't NOT_quite the right word.
BAD Killers don't need motivation NOT_anymore, NOT_just NOT_opportunity.And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene, to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale, there aren't any surprises.
BAD Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money doesn't NOT_mean it NOT_deserves yours.
FAIR Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly, and it succeeds.
FAIR As the situation grows more dire, and the film turns the screws, you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists, because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters.
BAD An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive, Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace.
FAIR Disappointingly formulaic.
BAD You want to close your eyes but can't -- a sure sign the horror is working.
FAIR As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise, Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective.
BAD A very unpleasant movie.
FAIR The movie has its entertaining flashes, but there's too much bat-jive and bat-hokum.
BAD [A] loud, long and pointless spectacle.
FAIR Batman & Robin won't NOT_kill the NOT_popular series, but it ought to slow it down a tad.
BAD There's plenty to look at but nothing to feel.
FAIR Clooney manages to keep even these scenes afloat with consistent good humor and unforced charm.
BAD Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which NOT_gets off to a roaring start, NOT_then NOT_quite NOT_literally crashes.
BAD A sniggering, exhausting, overproduced extravaganza that has virtually all of the humanity pounded out of it in the name of an endless parade of stunt sequences.
BAD Schumacher piles on the action, but this is still the least satisfying entry in the series.
BAD Predictably dismal pop-operatic guff.
BAD Keaton, Kilmer and Clooney.Sounds like a law firm.Look for a fourth partner soon.
BAD Nothing here approximates a consistent or engrossing story.Instead, we're left with clumsily filmed action sequences that are full of sound and fury, but signify nothing.
BAD I've seen colonic X-rays more visually appealing than what Schumacher throws up on the screen.
BAD Among the worst wide-release films of the 1990s, offering virtually nothing in the way of positive compensation other than an excellent chance to mock it with a cadre of like-minded, drunk friends.
FAIR Same bat-time, same bat-movie.
BAD This franchise has gotten aggressively unsatisfying.
BAD A high-rent jumble sale of smarty-pants pop-culture gags and expensive tchochtkes.
BAD Schumacher's intention appears to have been to make something so awful, so corny, so campy, so preposterously bad that audiences would simply laugh at it.Sorry.Bad is bad.
BAD Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
BAD Alfred posits, "For what is Batman if not an effort to NOT_master the chaos that sweeps our world?An attempt to control death itself."Okay, fine, but we get this and dick jokes?
BAD Like most sequels, Batman has lost steam after three.
BAD The title that managed to kill modern-day Batman movies.
BAD Devoid of a point of view, a narrative structure, intelligent dialogue and three-dimensional (or even two-dimensional) characters, the latest Batman movie is much more like a violence-oriented video game than a form of dramatic art.
FAIR By most accounts, the worst of the series - yet I like it the best.Probably because my expectations were so low to begin with.Clooney breathes some life back into the role.
BAD Warner Brothers owns the Batman character; you would think they would have a vested interest in doing a good job of the films, but the films themselves prove that they don't -- and this film provides the most numbing, sickening, inane proof of all.
BAD For all its star power and stylish toys, it never NOT_really NOT_rises above the level of a Saturday morning cartoon.
BAD This is just too much, like two hours of annoying TV commercials spiked with bad acid.
BAD Warner Bros, we got a problem.
BAD Repetitive, slow and surprisingly messy.
BAD I didn't NOT_expect NOT_much from Batman & Robin and I didn't NOT_get NOT_much in return -- in that sense the movie NOT_delivered.
GOOD Suffice it to say, it's a masterpiece... and an epic one at that.
GOOD It is a stirring drama of World War II, in which Spiegel has had the excellent help of British director David Lean, in charge of the action, and of a fine company of international players.
GOOD Few Second World War films are as enduring as this multi-Oscar-winning examination of the stiff upper lip from director David Lean.
GOOD It's certainly weathered well thanks to its novel and ingenious approach to presenting multiple perspective of the Second World War.
GOOD Epic of WWII honor and sacrifice gone haywire.
GOOD From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.
GOOD The Bridge on the River Kwai is David Lean's last film not to NOT_succumb to bloat.
GOOD An epic movie which is large in scope and personnel, The Bridge on the River Kwai speaks of the code of honour amongst men during war, the respect shared by enemies of war, and the madness which war evokes.
GOOD A towering work.
GOOD Guinness, Lean and British war cinema have never NOT_been better.
GOOD One of THE great action sagas, and at the top of David Lean's form.
GOOD Alec Guinness' outstanding performance is one of the many things that work in David Lean's intriguing epic.
GOOD Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.
GOOD Epic wartime storytelling at its most vibrant and satisfying.
GOOD One of the best war movies, mixed with one of the best action movies, mixed with one of Alex Guinness' best performances mixed with a killer score?One of the greats.
GOOD Did Lean ever make a bad film?
GOOD A spellbinding character study wrapped in a great adventure story.
GOOD This intelligent and exciting WWII tale, masterfully helmed by Lean (at the start of his 'epic' period), features a splendid performance from Guinness.
GOOD In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.
FAIR One of the most rousing and inspiring war films, this is also a psychological battle of wills.The intensity between Hayakawa and Guinness is captivating.
GOOD World War II classic receives brilliant presentation and provides fascinating perspective on DVD.
GOOD Guinness is wonderful; one of the all-time greats.You can watch it a hundred times and it stills holds the same fascination and impact as the first viewing.
GOOD Lean achieves a fine balance of creating complex characters from a fine cast, while keeping the pace up throughout this long movie.
GOOD A tense, terrifying, absolutely riveting film about the ironies of war and the deadly psychological games enemy soldiers play with each other.
GOOD Most war movies are either for or against their wars.The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) is one of the few that focuses not on NOT_larger rights and wrongs but on individuals.
GOOD The film has great themes ... fascinating characters expertly acted, a compelling plot and brilliant direction by one of the masters of the epic, David Lean.
GOOD ...stirring drama in a timeless setting.
GOOD One of the best anti-war films ever made.
BAD As for Two-Face, my favorite Batman baddie on the printed page, Tommy Lee Jones makes a complete mockery of the character with a broad performance that's difficult to stomach.
BAD The gulf between the dark universe Burton's film set up and the tremendously silly camp world that [Batman Forever was] hunting for was too great to hybridise the two.
FAIR A flashy movie that's more like a video game.
FAIR Hasn't aged very well.
BAD Batman Forever is louder and gaudier than Burton's films, so be prepared.
BAD Boring and near-unwatchable; its title sums it up with cruel accuracy.
BAD See website for more details.
FAIR Mildly diverting, brainless fun that feels like a long trailer for a better film.
BAD Takes two giant steps backward.
BAD The fatuousness of that title sums up Schumacher's approach.The director allows his few scrupulous choices to be overwhelmed by garish vaudeville.
FAIR Pluses: Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey as Two-Face and the Riddler, respectively; and the stunning production design.
BAD Otherwise known as, 'when Schumacher goes and wrecks a good thing.'
FAIR The film recovers from that initial confusion to get stronger as it goes along, and to shape up as a free-form playground for its various masquerading stars.
BAD Schumaker proves that someone CAN make a Batman movie even worse than Burton.Val Kilmer's portrayal of the Dark Knight is stilted and lifeless.
GOOD The best Batman ever.James Carrey IS the Riddler.
BAD This would only appeal to die-hard fans of Batman.Then again, it might make die-hard fans cry.
FAIR The script is pretty lame.
FAIR More campy than Burton's Batman, but still good.
BAD Where is Tim Burton when you need him?
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_dark as its predecessor but still a great visual feast
GOOD The best to date.
BAD Weak plot, complete lack of character development and at least some actors who didn't NOT_look NOT_particularly NOT_interested in their roles.
FAIR A grand- scale effort that's more awe-inspiring than completely successful as entertainment.
GOOD Bigger, battier and better.
FAIR A thoroughly fun movie to sit through, but paper thin in substance.
FAIR The plot has enough holes to drive the Batmobile, the Batplane, and the Batboat through.
FAIR It's lighter, brighter, funnier, faster-paced, and a whole lot more colorful than before.
BAD I was bored from the beginning.
BAD Batman forever... and ever... and -- yawn -- ever.
BAD What a mess!
BAD Father Hood isn't NOT_so NOT_much undemanding as vapid, NOT_disjointed NOT_rather than antic.And if this film is a romp, then so is bearbaiting.
BAD Despite its best intentions, Father Hood is destined to become leftovers in the video store.
BAD It does suggest, ultimately, that if more wards of the state would run off to join their fathers on cross-country crime sprees, we could lick these corrupt foster-care and inattentive-dad problems.
BAD If Swayze's performance is thin, that's nothing compared to the vapid logic that propels Father Hood.
FAIR While not a classic, Father Hood NOT_does NOT_offer a NOT_fairly NOT_exciting crime spree NOT_neutered into fun for the NOT_entire family.
BAD A story of mixed messages that focuses on contempt for the law, legal authority and public safety, it attempts to garner sympathy -- and, unfortunately, laughs -- during a violent cross-country pursuit.
BAD The terrible problem with "Father Hood" is that no one NOT_involved NOT_seemed to NOT_have any idea of what kind of movie it should NOT_be, and one feels their conflicting visions at play throughout.
BAD The movie develops a hopelessly split personality.
BAD Ah yes, the Patrick Swayze family comedy.
BAD I guess we're supposed to like Swayze's character because, at heart, he's a good guy who only robs drug dealers and tells his kids to buckle up their seatbelts when he's driving so as to elude police.
BAD Father Hood is a genial, simple-minded chase picture in which a small time thief learns to love his children.I didn't NOT_believe a NOT_single NOT_second of it, although I NOT_enjoyed a NOT_few of them.
BAD There is little to relieve the tedium of this film, except an impressive performance by little-known actress Sabrina Lloyd.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie.Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
BAD How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it?Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
BAD Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
FAIR Sadly cashes in on the original.
BAD The second installment in the series, churns like a lump of moldy dough sitting in the pit of your stomach, trying ever so hard to be digested.
GOOD A welcome return for the World's Greatest Detective Other Than Batman, and a sequel that impressively conspires to be more challenging than its predecessor.
BAD As it stands, with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary, my dear moviegoer.
BAD The truth about this Game of Shadows and its predecessor is that neither NOT_has a story NOT_worthy of its hero.The story is not NOT_only NOT_often NOT_improbable, it NOT_is NOT_often NOT_simply NOT_impossible to NOT_follow.
BAD The mystery and fun of the first feature is replaced with a bland miscast villain and slam-bang action nonsense, none of which NOT_is NOT_very impressive.
GOOD The overall effect is of sort of Steam Punk Toulouse Lautrec portrait, intricately designed, occasionally visually dazzling, and well-acted throughout.
FAIR The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature.
FAIR I actually enjoyed A Game of Shadows more than the original.This will be entertaining for those of you who enjoyed the original and others who just will watch RDJ in anything.
FAIR If only they'd spent the cash on a bad guy with stature, instead of taking that phrase, "the banality of evil," so literally.Playing this Game might have been even more fun.
BAD If this film is an indicator of the quality of films in 2012 I'll be praying that the Mayans were right about this little blue planet going boom.
BAD Dear Guy Ritchie: My name is Robin Hood.I need to be brought into today's world of short attention spans, nonreading, and lovable, cantankerous heroes.If you can turn Sherlock into a glib, pompous ass, imagine what you can do for me.
FAIR Se volta a representar uma experiencia divertida e cheia de energia, desaponta tambem por jamais oferecer algo de novo ou realmente interessante.
FAIR Guy Ritchie digs deep into his trusted bag of tricks and turns his patented stylised action filmmaking up to maximum wattage.Fortunately, Ritchie still manages to create an entertaining film in spite of his excessive ways.
FAIR Sherlock Holmes - A Game of Shadows does have one trick up its sleeve that makes it a worthy companion to its predecessor: the upgrading of the homo-erotic subtext to clear-as-day text.
FAIR The broader strokes of Moriarty's plan become evident a little too easily, dropping like a grand piano rather than a penny.But the finer machinations make the story a delight.
FAIR It gives a cursory nod to intellect, a quality most other Hollywood blockbusters are all too willing to ignore.
FAIR That Downey-Law chemistry still makes this a game worth playing.
GOOD Source fidelity aside, the thing that really matters is that Ritchie's re-interpretation is exciting, witty and great fun.
BAD Those expecting something more cerebral will be deeply disappointed.
FAIR h Warner kai o Guy Ritchie apofasisan ayth th fora na sebastoyn perissotero osoys plhrwnoyne to antitimo gia na doyn ton hrwa toy titloy, se bathmo anapantexo
FAIR Infinitely more watchable than its predecessor, with Downey, Law and, now, Fry all on top form.Yet McAdams is sorely missed.
GOOD Holmes and Watson better than ever.
GOOD The production is still needlessly overlong and overblown, a far cry from your father's (or even your cousin's) conception of the master detective.But it's certainly lively and has clever moments that involve Holmes' keen powers of observation...
BAD Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year: The Hangover, Part 2..
GOOD That rare thing -- the sequel that is better than the original.
GOOD is as fiendishly clever as it is intricately constructed.It remains true to the original appeal of Holmes and his methods, while going as large as 21st-century CGI can go, as well as incorporating a bracing modern sensibility
FAIR If viewers go in expecting another Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett as a cerebral Holmes, star Robert Downey Jr.'s vigorous portrayal of the character will surely be unsettling.
BAD It's gone from an action franchise with identity to something mostly generic and uninspiring.
FAIR Game of Shadows makes better use of director Guy Ritchie's "Sherlock Holmes on steroids" concept.
FAIR A fairly good action movie but one that wastes the talents of Noomi Rapace
BAD I can't help but feel that this movie is a real disservice to Arthur Conan Doyle
FAIR There's no fun NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_shallow as the fun of NOT_watching actors NOT_goof with one another, which NOT_is NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_single card that A Game of Shadows NOT_has to play.
BAD The thing that was so prevalent in the first film--that I found missing here--was simply unadultered fun.
GOOD there is no NOT_Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies.Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how NOT_many years one NOT_is NOT_removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth NOT_gone NOT_wild NOT_remains NOT_burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
FAIR Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable.
BAD Competent, but joyless.
BAD There is fun to be had and it's exciting (for a moment) to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout.
BAD The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling, to tedious parrying, to outright terribly edited, CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence.
FAIR "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides" is not NOT_really a NOT_bad film, NOT_it's NOT_more so a NOT_disappointing and forgettable one
FAIR ... continues not NOT_only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
FAIR By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck.
FAIR Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable, but middling, forgettable sequel.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_bad as everyone says.It's just missing the playfulness of the first two films.
FAIR If it had been cut to about 90 minutes, this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace.As it is, it's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments.
BAD After four movies, Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy, waterlogged plank that's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long.
BAD Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here.
BAD Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination, something that cannot be said of its predecessors, convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been.
FAIR This is a darker, more soulful entry with some fun set pieces.But it's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can NOT_make a NOT_slight plot interesting.Time to lay anchor for good?
FAIR As far as franchise films go, this one is better than the previous two.On its own, the film still lacks depth, but is at least entertaining.
FAIR Pirates 4 a worthy adventure.
BAD This installment is better than the last two, in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung.
BAD It all goes on and on, and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever, and there's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production.
FAIR Welcome to the fourth installment of "Avast and the Furious."
FAIR It's not the summer's must-see movie, but it's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told.
FAIR This latest chapter isn't NOT_sharp NOT_enough to NOT_restore the sense of discovery that NOT_made that NOT_1st outing NOT_so NOT_exciting, but it's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one.
GOOD Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films.It's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope 'Road' Pictures.
BAD You need two chalices, one with a mermaid's tear in it, which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ'S BOOBS ALREADY?.
BAD It fails to completely recapture the magic.
FAIR PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original.
BAD feels largely unnecessary, especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003, is starting to wear a little thin.
BAD A total bore, without a memorable action sequence, the film miscalculates from the start...
BAD Harpoon it; run it through with a saber; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise (and us) out of its misery.
BAD Doesn't NOT_really NOT_have any kind of personality or identity on its own.It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
BAD Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story, and never NOT_given a NOT_real reason to NOT_be on this NOT_so-called adventure.
FAIR At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence.
BAD Sadly it's just as dull, convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is an off-balanced and bloated martial arts film that barely gets by on its gorgeous set design.
FAIR A scrappily authentic and entertainingly bloody tribute to old-school chopsocky films and taken purely on those terms, there's not a lot to NOT_complain about.
FAIR The movie is undeniably colorful and action-packed, and gorier than a slaughterhouse floor.But something's missing.
FAIR The fists, feet and digital blood go flying in this enjoyable, frenetic, largely forgettable chop-socky extravaganza about, well, about a man with iron fists who gets into lots of fights.
FAIR One is occasionally infuriated by the archness of the exercise.But there is a charming innocence to Fists' faith in the values of 1970s cross-cultural exploitation.
FAIR A vacuous but fun exercise in chop-sock style over substance.
BAD Predictably, this kind of gleeful fanboy excess yields diminishing returns.RZA hasn't much sense of storytelling rhythm, and lacks Tarantino's gift for turning adolescent obsessions into something uniquely personal.
FAIR It's so over the top that I just thought it was a hoot.
BAD Thank goodness for Russell Crowe who gives a sardonic, who-gives-a-damn performance as one of the good guys.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is as limp as last week's wet noodles.
BAD Rapper-turned-actor-turned-filmmaker RZA is clearly influenced by cohorts Quentin Tarantino and Eli Roth as he indulges in this crazed pastiche of 1970s kung fu action romps.
FAIR Self-defeatingly "Tarantino-esque".
BAD A one-note pastiche featuring impressive wire-fu, bloody mayhem and CGI mutilation.
FAIR The Man With The Iron Fists definitely isn't the NOT_most NOT_polished NOT_first effort.But if you approach it as a sloppy, OTT martial arts outing, you'll find the fun.
FAIR As long as you accept some magnificently bad dialogue, this is silly, fun and ludicrous beyond belief.
BAD Psychopaths will love it.
BAD It's leaden, boorish and dull.
BAD The story is both dull and confusing with a profusion of characters scrapping over some fabled gold.
BAD Numb pastiche, so frazzled you can't find a pulse.
BAD The grindhouse grinds on.There are a few pretty sparks among the ugly noises.
BAD It's never NOT_as NOT_much fun as it ought to NOT_be and is let down by dull performances, some disappointing fight scenes, a lacklustre script and a general lack of conviction.
BAD Appealing supporting turns from Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu can't salvage this shoddily structured and messily executed homage to the martial arts movie genre.
FAIR An in-yer-face showcase of violence, female objectification and Eastern, wu xia action made to make adolescent lads drool.
BAD It's sure to gain cult status but it's still a real mess.
FAIR A mixed bag of lumpen dialogue and martial-arts magic that never NOT_quite NOT_coalesces into the NOT_delirious mayhem NOT_we'd NOT_hoped for.
BAD Rather than excitement, the most convincing feeling evoked here is deja vu.
BAD For a man who makes his living as a performer and a wordsmith, the writing and acting of this rapper turned filmmaker both leave a lot to be desired.
BAD Crowe has a blast - and has never NOT_been NOT_better - in this NOT_oversteamed paean to NOT_chop-socky classics.With its severe edit, though, the narrative proves almost incomprehensible.
FAIR Kung fu fans will be happy that Iron Fists exists and is just as entertaining as they hoped it would be.
FAIR Grisly and goofy, this ode to the Shaw Brothers' '70s-era kung fu epics serves up 96 minutes of murder and mutilation and not a lot else.
FAIR Wearing its influences proudly on its sleeve, fans are likely to lap it up with glee.
BAD Oh, how 'The Man With the Iron Fists' longs to be 'Kill Bill.'It isn't, but its environments, blood-letting and martial arts, along with an interesting score and soundtrack, make no bones about its filmmakers NOT_being Quentin Tarantino devotees.
FAIR RZA's obvious and infectious affection for the genre carries the film past its equally obvious rough spots.
BAD he film does have some interesting choreography and the props department outdid themselves when it came to weapons, but the only reason to focus in on that stuff is because the rest of the movie is so unimpressive.
BAD Crowe and Liu wander through their roles but the movie does provide a bit of entertainment and fun.
FAIR Within the barebones scaffolding of its story, there are ample opportunities for delivering many massive martial arts smack-downs.All are wasted.
BAD Let the brilliant, epic silliness of The Man With the Iron Fists engulf you in a tsunami of crimson cheese and you, like I, will have a super-happy-fun-big-smile-crazy-face-monkey-time.
BAD Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu have fun hamming it up, but considering The Rza's obvious passion for the genre, this could- and should, have been much better.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is fun as hell and it knows what it is.RZA's Blaxploitation, Kung Fu Remix debut sounds and looks stellar.
BAD Lunatic, slipshod, absurdly violent, horribly acted, and borderline incomprehensible.
FAIR A combo of kung fu choreography and Hollywood gore carefully held together with cheese.
FAIR This film is what you would get if you took somebody who had watched all the martial arts films in a 1980s video store...if you took their id and ran it through a juicer.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is all appreciation and no perspective.It hopes to get by on a certain level of considered cool.For the most part, it does.
GOOD Whether you like bad-a** sword fights or cute babies, there's something for everyone here.
FAIR An effective and disturbing film.
FAIR The film didn't NOT_promise anything NOT_more than it delivered.
FAIR DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun.It's my new guilty pleasure!
GOOD A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
BAD blissfully awful
BAD This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
BAD Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
FAIR The painful English-language sequences almost don't NOT_matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees NOT_truly NOT_are NOT_spectacular, NOT_even if the images NOT_sometimes NOT_seem NOT_more NOT_hazy than NOT_tactile, as NOT_is NOT_typical of NOT_digital NOT_special effects.
BAD ...low camp...
FAIR It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to NOT_be NOT_entertained, NOT_provided -- this NOT_is NOT_crucial -- you NOT_have a sense of humor.
FAIR Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
BAD When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable.Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody NOT_involved with this laughable fantasy NOT_knew what he or she was doing.
BAD The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem.Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
BAD The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime.The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_register as a NOT_guilty pleasure.
BAD There's not a spark of sense here.
BAD Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
FAIR It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
BAD Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
FAIR One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
BAD This is not a movie to NOT_watch for NOT_escapism.This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
BAD ...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not NOT_just NOT_Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film NOT_suffers in comparison to - NOT_even Planet 51 NOT_looks NOT_good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not NOT_just for kids, from an NOT_earnest NOT_environmental message to animation that NOT_comes NOT_alive when NOT_seen in NOT_3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to NOT_mention an Iraq NOT_bombing reference -- NOT_are NOT_laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't NOT_dark NOT_enough for NOT_older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic.Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas.I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the NOT_upcoming NOT_'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed.And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
FAIR It's admirable that Ip Man: The Final Fight takes a different approach to the character than the other Ip Man films out there, but it lacks the excitement that made Ip Man and Ip Man 2 so entertaining.
FAIR More a frequently elegant drama than an outright action movie.
FAIR This is a rare case where, if a film had been livelier and less traditional and "respectful," its lead performance might have seemed less special.
FAIR Seriously, if not NOT_always NOT_elegantly, the film NOT_portrays the NOT_great Ip Man as someone NOT_trying to NOT_survive, which NOT_is to NOT_say NOT_just NOT_as NOT_often a victim as a victor.
BAD Soap opera, set-bound and unexceptionally written and directed.
FAIR The naturalism of Wong's performance is undercut ... by Yau's use of phony-looking sets, sterile CGI and flashy aerial shots.
BAD The overall sense is of a rushed, simplistic installment in a well-worn biography franchise.
BAD In The Final Fight, the frequent full-combat interludes work against the truth-vs.-fictionthemes of the rest of the film.
BAD If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters.In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
BAD It's one thing for the leads to not NOT_share NOT_believable NOT_romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not NOT_even NOT_striking believable NOT_negative vibes as a NOT_divorced couple.
BAD An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
BAD Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
BAD This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not NOT_conceived by NOT_storytellers.
BAD It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
BAD Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint.Bland, bland, bland.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
BAD The movie breaks out the usual cliches of the genre ...There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
BAD It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food.You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
BAD Hunter shoots and misses.
FAIR Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends."This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
BAD There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
BAD Did no one notice this thing NOT_was NOT_lying on the floor like a NOT_landed fish while they NOT_were NOT_making the film?
BAD Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
BAD You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
BAD There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
BAD The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
BAD The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't NOT_helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
BAD The perfect watch if you don't NOT_fancy a challenge.Any sort of challenge at all.
BAD Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
BAD The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list.The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
BAD The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking.If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
BAD I'm actually yawning as I type this.
BAD I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a comedy thriller as a case of NOT_arrested development.
BAD Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
BAD How could anyone not NOT_be NOT_interested in a film NOT_combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
BAD A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
BAD Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
BAD a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
BAD Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory.The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
BAD The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
BAD Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle.Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
GOOD Any reprisal of the Yojimbo character is a welcome one, even if the pairing of these two cinematic legends didn't NOT_quite NOT_produce as NOT_much chemistry as NOT_hoped for
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ...You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness.Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining.Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not NOT_only NOT_did I NOT_want to NOT_go to NOT_sleep the NOT_entire time, but I wouldn't NOT_watch this movie NOT_again if you NOT_told me my life NOT_depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy!There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't NOT_expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, NOT_especially when they're NOT_sword NOT_fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no NOT_savvy Toy Story.It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't NOT_Do Anything NOT_has NOT_just NOT_enough NOT_unassuming cleverness to NOT_keep you from NOT_checking your watch while the NOT_little people in your company NOT_get NOT_wrapped NOT_up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
FAIR It might never NOT_be NOT_remembered as a NOT_great film - or even as a great Schwarzenegger film - but it's a great slice of nostalgia.
FAIR ...a plodding, downright generic buddy-cop thriller that's simply unable to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
GOOD Hill's muscular, energetic direction makes what might have been just another buddy-cop thriller into an electrifying piece of escapism.One of Arnold's most underrated flicks.
BAD This thing was a dud in the 80s.That's saying something.
FAIR Walter Hill's direction's real cool, and the photography is beautiful.The film is also pretty funny.The leads are great.
FAIR Hill's confidence keeps the formulaic buddy-cop cliches entertaining.
FAIR If you still pine for the 80s where East vs West dominated action films, then this is an essential part of your education.
FAIR "Red Heat" is not the NOT_first movie about a couple of NOT_very NOT_different cops, and it will not NOT_be the NOT_last, but as the formula goes this is a superior example.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World survives purely on the charisma of its insanely attractive cast and periodic bursts of good humor.
FAIR "A decided improvement in the balance department.Not only do we get more in the way of humor, we get more convincing, exciting action, as well as a few welcome surprises."
FAIR [Director Alan Taylor] is helped by Tom Hiddleston's sleekly malevolent performance as Thor's untrustworthy brother Loki, a more engaging and complex figure than Chris Hemsworth's monosyllabic Thor.
FAIR There's more action this time around, and less deliberate alignment of the Marvel universe.The result is a film that flows better and gives the characters a little more room to be themselves.
FAIR Thankfully, Taylor and his cast create enough laughs and just enough thrilling set pieces to save the project from being crushed under the weight of its own dreary backstory.
FAIR Comic-book superheroes have become so angst-ridden in recent years it's a relief to be around one who has hung on to his sense of humour.
GOOD It's wider in scope than the first effort but just as funny.
FAIR Once the action picks up, Thor: The Dark World will satisfy Marvel fans and casual viewers alike.
FAIR The result is a good Thor movie when post-Avengers we wanted a great one.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World is a good model of how superheroes can save the world without forced gravitas, and have fun doing it.
FAIR A slight improvement over its predecessor, but not NOT_much better.
FAIR The movie doesn't NOT_go NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_in-depth as we would NOT_like it to.But that's ok, because it has enough fun on the excursion to be thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR Enjoyable but inconsequential addition to the Marvel Comics movie universe.
FAIR While there is a lot at stake plotwise, it never NOT_feels all that grave
FAIR Humor plus heroics make this action movie a winner.
BAD The Thor saga continues with this terminally underwhelming entry...
FAIR Sweeping, smartly paced, and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Thor: The Dark World feels much more in tune with the playful tone of The Avengers than its own predecessor.
FAIR Tom Hiddleston proved to be a dynamic villain in The Avengers and that star power explodes again.
BAD Not NOT_as fun as the original, but still pretty good.
FAIR It throws everything at you ... .A good deal of it, amazingly, sticks, even if it quickly slides off like a cheap suction cup on a dirty window.
FAIR Better than average, the second in the "Thor" franchise isn't NOT_as NOT_interesting as NOT_other Marvel tales.
FAIR Suffers... from an ill-defined conflict: the stakes are that old popcorn movie chestnut, "the entire universe", but how we get there is foggy at best.
FAIR "The Dark World," while a serious feature, does not NOT_take itself NOT_so NOT_seriously as the NOT_first film.It has a sly humor about it.
FAIR I was never a fan of the NOT_original and this sequel did nothing to change my opinion.
BAD Super-fans will get their fix, but everyone else might feel like they're being hammered into submission by a major marketing plan.
FAIR Generic plotting aside, The Dark World is an entertaining entry in the hit-and-miss Marvel franchise.
GOOD Thor: The Dark World is visually enticing, but in a more ominous way than in the first film.With extraordinary special effects, Thor: The Dark World is sure to be well-liked by those who loved the first film yet isn't NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_well done.
FAIR If there is a major flaw in the film it is the direction of Alan Taylor, who honed his craft on many HBO series over the years.
FAIR "Thor"t of good.Decent effects but not that ab-thor-bing.
FAIR As with the first film, the characters and their interactions again provide all the high points, with the cluttered storyline and routine action sequences jockeying for place position.
BAD If "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry were alive today to witness "Thor: The Dark World," he'd tell it to focus on being a superhero film rather than failing to dabble in science fiction.
FAIR I like the cast, I like the epic feel.It satisfied me in a way that Thor 1 did not.
FAIR This sequel gets a slow short before becoming worlds more entertaining than its 2011 predecessor.
GOOD It's the essence of what a popcorn comic book movie should be.
BAD At least the Thor-Loki narrative thread is worth unwinding.Too bad it's twisted up with all the overblown blockbuster nonsense.
BAD ...there's just no storyline NOT_holding the NOT_whole thing together.
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not NOT_roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not NOT_really NOT_bad; NOT_it's NOT_just NOT_tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't NOT_as NOT_predictable as the last.But things never NOT_do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar.... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't NOT_want a tee shirt
FAIR don't NOT_be NOT_mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment.For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not NOT_too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion.Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act.(Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, NOT_has the NOT_current NOT_prevailing formula NOT_nailed.Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive.Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character.And if you don't care about the characters, NOT_then NOT_everything's NOT_just a NOT_big, NOT_dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them.Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
FAIR The first hour has a grim and gritty anti-charm that's quite devilishly entertaining.And then the wheels kinda come off.
FAIR Refusing to settle down to focus on its intriguing central story, filmmaker Greg Francis whirls around through a series of whizzy flashbacks that layer in all kinds of subtext and interest.
BAD Solid cast tripped up by a too-simple but overly tricky story
FAIR Goes from comedy to horror to suspense.The visual story telling is tricky and the writing is even more so.
BAD The majority of it runs at the speed of the last five minutes of a Christopher Nolan film, when entire story beats are compressed into a shot or a line.
FAIR Poker Night is a "wild card" watch, but Greg Francis flashes a winning hand by making a memorable monster out of Michael Eklund.
BAD Historical adventure is a fun romp for tweens and up.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_safe for Junior and Grandma but also pretty entertaining.
BAD If you can see the film through the eyes of a child -- one who thinks a cheesy thriller is the ideal way to pick up new facts about history -- then this isn't that NOT_bad a yarn.
BAD Has almost nothing to recommend it (Justin Bartha's performance being the lone high point), not NOT_even any NOT_gnarly explosions, which NOT_doesn't NOT_bode NOT_well for our man Bruckheimer.
GOOD The treasure hunt is cool in this DVD, it's a whole game of numbers and quizzes go get to some of the Easter eggs.
FAIR The film plays on every cliche and every stereotype imaginable, and part of its charm is playing them exactly to an audience's happiest expectations.
FAIR The historical touches make the film more akin to classics like "Raiders of the Lost Ark" than to duds like "Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins (and ended simultaneously)".
GOOD This is a bravura film that genuinely understands the nature of true family entertainment and provides it in spades.
GOOD National Treasure may be dumb and relatively short on action scenes, but it's still a lot of fun, largely thanks to Cage and Bartha.
FAIR Few can argue that the movie is totally unbelievable, but if one is able to leave all sense of logic at the door, it's very hard not to NOT_have a NOT_darn NOT_good time in the process.
FAIR ... a semi-historical mystery-thriller... too many chases and cliches keep this good movie from being great.
BAD This movie couldn't be more stale if it'd been dug up by archaeologists.
FAIR a passably enjoyable adventure romp
FAIR [Cage] ust cannot cut it playing an intellectual, and his Ben is convincing only in the scenes where he is evading bullets or hanging by one hand over an abyss.
FAIR That the movie manages to maintain interest and gain occasional involvement is somewhat of a feat considering, although not NOT_enough of a feat for it to succeed.
FAIR As realism, Turtletaub's movie flops.As escapism, though, grab the popcorn, kick your feet up, and have a blast.
FAIR About as edgy as a child-friendly TV movie....And despite being at least a half hour too long, it's great fun while it lasts.
BAD Instead of another Raiders of the Lost Ark, we get to watch plunderers of a lost art.
GOOD Imagine eating your favorite sub sandwich; you know exactly what it will taste like, but it's just what you wanted: simple, tasty and satisfying.
BAD Who knew the Founding Fathers were cultish Masons hording gold under Wall Street?Perhaps the craziest film ever made by Jerry Bruckheimer.
BAD One of the funniest movies of the year.Too bad it's not a comedy.
FAIR If The Goonies starred adults, contained a pamphlet's worth of history, drew half the laughs and lacked Sloth and Chunk, it would be National Treasure.
FAIR It's a fun ride to a boring payoff.
FAIR Every Bruckheimer film is a potential pot of gold and this one is no exception.
BAD too preposterous to be believed yet too concerned with historicity to work as an adventure tale.
GOOD Follow this exciting adventure and thrill to the mystery and chase.
BAD An underdone pastiche of Raiders of the Lost Ark and a really tedious high school history class.
FAIR Somewhere between the emulsion and the nitrate of this film there's a map to the Bruckheimer fortune.
BAD Sure it's dumb, but it's tons of fun and ever so slightly educational.
GOOD One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s.
GOOD Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons.
GOOD one of the all time greatest adventure flicks
FAIR Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp.Get used to that.He's all you'll remember from the movie.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years.
FAIR Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings.
BAD If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie.
GOOD Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up.
GOOD Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood.Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder.
FAIR May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it.
GOOD It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.'
GOOD Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year.
GOOD ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family.
GOOD Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie.It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out.I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen.
GOOD Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character.
GOOD More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap.
GOOD Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel.
GOOD I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie.I honestly felt like a kid again.
FAIR 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres'
GOOD Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands.They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank.
GOOD .A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves.You'll have a barrel of fun. .
FAIR ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun.
GOOD Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow.
GOOD ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't NOT_have to NOT_be direct-to-video.
GOOD Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud.
FAIR Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter.The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over).
GOOD And shiver me timbers, it works.Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan.
FAIR Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year.
BAD Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches.
GOOD the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer
BAD Not a NOT_sunken wreck by any means.At the same time, not NOT_quite summer movie treasure.
FAIR It's never a NOT_good sign when source material NOT_is NOT_based off of something as NOT_flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders.
GOOD Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land....rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on.
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never NOT_feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not NOT_difficult to NOT_see why The Princess Bride NOT_has NOT_become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya!Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin?As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time.A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again.As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever.Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never NOT_equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old.The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale.There is no NOT_other way to NOT_describe this NOT_genuinely NOT_funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
FAIR Whether you consider it a smart thriller or a paint-by-numbers spy caper, The Bourne Identity is a dynamic interpretation of Robert Ludlum's bestselling novel.
GOOD Violent but thrilling first of the Bourne action trilogy.
GOOD A suspenseful thriller that showcases stunning visuals, great acting and a story that will keep you entertained from start to finish.
GOOD This is a long sweet breath of fresh air in the action genre...
GOOD Farfetched plotting nearly capsizes this globe-trotting thriller but director Doug Liman certainly keeps the international intrigue and testosterone flowing at an entertaining clip.
FAIR The movie is about muscular speed and skill, and that's all it's about.Like its hero, it's blank by design.
GOOD For once, a sequel would be welcome.
GOOD Plenty of very cool fight scenes, edited such that although they are fast-paced, you can actually see what's happening.
BAD One of the many problems, other than Damon's lack of emotion, is the fact that there's no suspense.
GOOD Liman can uncork leap-out-of-your-seat shocks, draw out suspense scenes with malicious finesse and even ease a touch of romance and droll humor into the yarn.
FAIR All the style cannot make up for the flagging energy level of the narrative.
FAIR ... With its script problems, it's probably better than it should be ...
BAD Typical light summer fare.
GOOD As cenas de acao sao otimas e ha boa quimica entre Damon e Potente.O roteiro tambem e instigante, embora nao totalmente satisfatorio.
FAIR It's a really safe bet that Damon will be Bourne again.
GOOD The Bourne Identity is about as effective a thriller as you could want, especially if you don't NOT_want to NOT_think NOT_too hard.
FAIR Fast, thrilling and everything that James Bond no NOT_longer is.
FAIR 'A new action hero is Bourne.'As incredibly cheesy and precious that advertising tag line for The Bourne Identity is, there's no NOT_discounting the truth it NOT_does NOT_hold.
GOOD Matt Damon's an amnesiac secret agent on the run in this immensely satisfying and engagingly direct thriller.
GOOD Buen thriller de espias con una gran cantidad de accion, pero desgraciadamente con otra buena de dosis de huecos en el guion.
GOOD In short, The Bourne Identity is an excellent thriller and is well-worth checking out.
FAIR The movie may not NOT_be NOT_realistic, but it earns its stripes as high-class escapist fare.
BAD The Bourne Identity is a blockbuster without a point... Despite its good-looking veneer, its breakneck pace, its daisy-chain of expert set-pieces, some crucial logic or motive appears to have been junked along the way.
FAIR ...a passable effort that receives plenty of mileage out of Damon's expectedly engaging performance...
FAIR A fast-paced, unpredictable and edgy yarn that breathes new life into the espionage thriller genre.
FAIR The Bourne Identity is no NOT_mere summer amusement park ride.It's as gray as Go was colorful and a cool contrast to its source material.
FAIR Twists and turns keep the story increasingly complex and gripping, even if director Liman doesn't NOT_really NOT_pump up the adrenaline.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful.And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions.Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no NOT_internal logic.It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster.Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't NOT_have NOT_much NOT_else to NOT_offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit.Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy!Mommy!Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't NOT_really NOT_saying a NOT_whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR One of Seagal's better actioners...entertaining
BAD Even Seagal's "best" movie is unwatchably bad.
FAIR Men in Black, running a breezy 98 minutes, is a showpiece of laconic economy.It's quick, eccentric and deadly funny and for many young movie-goers it's likely to be a close encounter they'll want to see a second and third time.
GOOD A lean, punchy, fast paced, and extremely endearing sci-fi action comedy.
FAIR Men in Black is moderately amusing, well-constructed and mercifully short, but it fails to deliver on the zaniness of its first half.
GOOD Great special effects, inventive alien designs and Smith and Jones's hip, hilarious double act make director Barry Sonnenfeld's Lethal Weapon-style buddy picture a fast-paced pleasure.
GOOD There's a playfulness, here, that you don't NOT_often NOT_find in a NOT_special-effect flick.
FAIR [A] hilarious comedy, directed with boisterous wit by Barry Sonnenfeld.
GOOD A smart, funny and hip adventure film in a summer of car wrecks and explosions.
BAD Offensively bad? No.But it's never NOT_been anything NOT_more than a NOT_promising NOT_wasted opportunity.
FAIR ...an affable (yet somewhat forgettable) bit of escapist entertainment.
GOOD "Men in Black" still holds up after 15 years.It's as fun, funky, and edgy now as it was in 1997, and HD breathes even more life into it.
GOOD Lots of fun, but too scary for some kids.
FAIR What [it] lacks in depth, it makes up for with an infectious childlike enthusiasm for its zany premise.
FAIR Just a collection of sketches in which Jones and Smith run into farcical E.T.s.
FAIR Cool hot-weather fun -- this will be the one to beat right through the dog days of summer.
GOOD Will Smith, the only spark of life in Independence Day, now is allowed to shine in brighter, smarter material.
BAD The plot is paper-thin, characters are one-dimensional and even the protagonists' one-liners are forgettable.
FAIR Fortunately, the cast's one-dimensional performances and deadpan delivery of funny dialogue actually enhance the humor.
FAIR As ragged as the humor is, there still are more hits than misses.
GOOD Though the story is pure cartoon, the movie is exceptionally smart and exceptionally well-paced.
FAIR Good old alien fun
BAD At times, it may succeed at manipulating you, but you won't NOT_like it.
GOOD At last, someone remembered how to make a good summer movie!
GOOD The result is a rich picture with a winning personality, as modest in theme as it is in style.
GOOD One of the most enjoyable films of the summer.
GOOD Fiendishly clever and visually nuts, MIB is what you'd get hybridizing Independence Day with The Addams Family.
FAIR This is a style-heavy, action-laden, wise-crack loaded 98-minutes of pretty decent fun.Men in Black is silly, simplistic and lightweight, but only the most uptight of viewers will hate it.
GOOD Sonnenfeld keeps it all bubbling along with a vibrant, comic book buzz.
BAD They certainly don't NOT_make them like this anymore.
GOOD Robert Flaherty's craftsmanship shows in one of his best Hollywood features.
FAIR Although it has not NOT_aged NOT_well, there NOT_is NOT_still a NOT_great deal of merit to the story, the style and the stars, and any young person cannot fail to love it.
FAIR The film moves leisurely, but with rare charm and visual interest.
FAIR Larger-than-life fighting in feature-length Rangers tale.
FAIR A lot more fun than you'd think; Freeman has a blast as the Play-Doh commanding villain
GOOD Great kids action movie.Kicks ass.
BAD Noisy and meant for children only.A bored grown-up's only consolation is that the Rangers' popularity has probably peaked, and the next kiddie phenomenon must be on the way.Don't even think about what it will cost.
BAD While it has some great special effects and some decent fight scenes, it also has some incredibly bad costumes and some really cheap-looking special effects.
GOOD Brings the popular TV series to the screen with a barrage of spectacular special effects, a slew of fantastic monsters, a ferociously funny villain -- and, most important, a refreshing lack of pretentiousness.
BAD These are the same performers who appear on the TV show, and you get the feeling this has become more than a meal ticket for them.Hokey dialogue is invested with an intensity that takes you out of the movie and into the psyches of the actors.
BAD If there was ever a script, it seems to have been left behind while everyone went on location.
BAD Nothing more than an expanded typical Power Ranger episode ... [But my 6-year-old LOVED it.]
BAD What depresses me inutterably is that children, who are fresh and inquisitive, will go to this movie and, for 88 minutes, the movie will do what it can to deaden their imaginations.
BAD It does deliver the cheesy sci-fi goods for fans of the colorful television show, even if it's not NOT_likely to NOT_win any NOT_new converts.
FAIR Young fans of the six squeaky-clean super teens can look forward to an effects-loaded, energetic adventure that powers up martial-arts acrobatics as it cuts the cheesiness.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well.Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie.It's not his style of NOT_fighting.He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick.The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
BAD ...apes much of what made Pulp Fiction such a big hit, without bothering to add in any original ideas.
FAIR Family drama pits tween boy against adult greed.
BAD ...rife with sequences that are either overlong or completely superfluous...
BAD Jaws is looking a bit long in the tooth these days.
BAD Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a NOT_bright idea for a film NOT_relying on suspense and tension.
BAD This is the one where the big rubber shark gets to attack an aircraft, but that's far from being the only silly thing about this preposterous fourth entry in the series.
BAD Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't NOT_get NOT_enough NOT_shark action to NOT_make up for it.
BAD Savagely dull, though at least it is tremendously incompetent as well, and thus marginally amusing, especially when the shark is actually onscreen.
BAD Poorly directed by Joseph Sargent, who relies heavily on blood and fast editing to create tension since there certainly isn't any NOT_written into the script.
BAD A ludicrous and laughable sequel that desecrates the name of a fantastic original.
BAD it's... amazing!
BAD Spielberg should never NOT_have NOT_sold the sequel rights
BAD A franchise sinks in this sequel's endless sea of incompetence.
BAD Okay, I'm sold.It's the worst sequel ever made.Yes, even including Batman and Robin.
BAD Spielberg should have sued for 'breach of earth-shattering stupidity'.
BAD The only jaws to watch out for in this film are yours, hitting the floor.
BAD Significantly worse than the rest of the series, this film is one of the worst bell-flops in recent cinema.
BAD The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them.Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not NOT_sure if anyone in this film NOT_actually NOT_acted alongside anyone NOT_else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't NOT_have the originality of the NOT_first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone NOT_is NOT_left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not NOT_much NOT_here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time.Now, not NOT_so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require.Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes.It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person NOT_is NOT_going to NOT_agree with me on this NOT_one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't NOT_anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting.He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance NOT_needed to NOT_lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages.Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again.Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um NOT_grupo de NOT_comediantes deste calibre se reunia em NOT_uma producao, NOT_o NOT_filme era um evento.Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles.Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never NOT_less than NOT_compelling, albeit in a queasy, NOT_troubling fashion.Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a NOT_dull watch, but it doesn't NOT_pack NOT_enough of an NOT_emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising.And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR Earnest coming-of-age film uses chess as a metaphor.
BAD It's really several Lassie episodes (without the collie) braided together to make one full-length picture.
FAIR Wild America often feels like a MMMBop-ish Hanson brothers music video redone for the Discovery Channel.
BAD Supposedly, Wild America is a family film, but I can't figure out which members of the family it's intended for.
FAIR Highly recommended for the SegaGenesis jocks in your household.
BAD There are good action sequences but it has been ham-fistedly cut for UK distribution.
FAIR Yen again proves one of the few martial artists equally adept with subtler emotional beats.
FAIR Dragon roars.
GOOD Chan's film may be derivative of plenty of other films (most notably David Cronenberg's A History of Violence) but it manages to keep things fresh and exciting.
GOOD Full of blistering action sequences worthy of the Shaw Brothers legacy.A treat for martial arts fans.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan's frenetic, high-kicking thriller runs a full 20 minutes shorter than it did at Cannes in 2011 and feels all the better for it.
GOOD Dragon delivers a few swift kicks and a barrage of bone crunching punches to the standard expectations of a remake.Dragon is a stunning display of martial arts action, mesmerizing detective work, and engaging performances.
GOOD Gracefully acted, brilliantly shot, and effortlessly combining both character study and superb butt kicking, Wu Xia is an excellent post-modern subgenre gem.
FAIR "Dragon" has enough interesting left turns in style, mood and psychodrama to make it stand out.
FAIR The movie hurtles along at a pitch of sentiment and melodrama that would make MGM blush, and it's mostly very diverting.
BAD As a whole, it does not NOT_quite NOT_work, NOT_especially at the end, when Mr. Chan NOT_tries for a NOT_Shakespearean climax of NOT_filial rebellion and paternal rage.
BAD The large canvas and pseudo-superhero tactics work for a bit, but then the action gets sidetracked in place of myth-building.
FAIR What it lacks in plot development, it gains in sheer momentum and an outstanding performance.
FAIR Hi-ya!-accentuated kung fu smackdowns make everything better.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan and Deonnie Yen Chan are too resourceful to let things remain dull for long.
BAD ...the film has been infused with a myriad of shamelessly over-the-top elements that inevitably become quite tough to take.
BAD Campy video game-derived action-fest.
BAD In its noisy, pointless way, Street Fighter does come close to the frenetic meandering of a video game scenario -- which is precisely the problem.
BAD well, video game movies all do suck
BAD OOOF!!!!!
FAIR Fun Van Damme silliness
BAD Offers an uneasy mix of off-the-wall farce and violent mayhem in its first half and then gives way to heavy-handed gunplay and a ridiculously high body count during its second half.
BAD Bizarre, surreal, and ultimately less engaging than playing Pong with a blind man...
GOOD Endlessly imitated but never NOT_rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's NOT_original space trilogy dresses up the NOT_timeless tale of NOT_good versus evil with NOT_ground-breaking NOT_special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
GOOD What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
GOOD Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
GOOD First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
GOOD Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
GOOD It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
GOOD So, is this the best film of all time?Certainly not.But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_seduced.
GOOD Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
GOOD One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
GOOD Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its NOT_mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
GOOD ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
GOOD The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
GOOD classic
GOOD Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
GOOD What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film.It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
GOOD Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not NOT_just a NOT_favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
GOOD I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
GOOD Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
GOOD Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
GOOD a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
GOOD It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't NOT_literally NOT_grown NOT_up on Star Wars and its sequels.
GOOD [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
GOOD George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
GOOD A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
GOOD A classic American tale!
GOOD Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
BAD For maximum entertainment, a movie can't afford to waste so much time being its own carnival barker, relentlessly trying to drum up interest.
FAIR Bolstered by a subtly funny supporting turn by Kevin Kline and a scenery-chewing performance by Kenneth Branagh, Smith carries the movie with his signature ease.
FAIR It will probably make buckets of money, but as this summer's action movie, Wild Wild West only gets mild.
BAD The script is remorselessly smutty, the one-liners are below average and the giant mechanical spider climax endlessly drawn out, but the wildly inventive gizmos give entertainment value and draw a shield over the numerous flaws.
BAD A hundred or so minutes of missable anti-entertainment.
BAD Handcuffed to this blockbuster of all blockbusters and sprawled in our reclining seats, we pass the time counting familiar scenes from other movies.
FAIR Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.
BAD As monoumentally stupid and aggressively anti-fun as the film's rancid reputation would have it be.
BAD ...a sporadically amusing yet disastrously overblown adaptation...
BAD Western action-comedy set in bordello; lots of gunfire.
BAD The gimmicky, light-hearted 1960s TV series comes to the screen as an ungainly, clanking, gooey box of eye candy, a vehicle for star Will Smith and special effects supervisor Eric Brevig.
BAD A film where the concept came first and the script -- and everything else -- seems to have finished a poor second.
BAD Sad, desperate attempt at quirky action/comedy.
BAD ...has style to spare, a few laughs and some imaginative touches.Also like 'Avengers' it has stars who look like they'd rather be somewhere else, a lack of verve and a script that takes the long road to nowhere.
BAD This is not NOT_so NOT_much a review as an inquiry into memory, as I NOT_attempt to NOT_recover the one NOT_tiny redeeming virtue.
BAD Wild Wild West is sadly a big disappointment considering the great team behind it.
BAD Terribly lame humour don't help.
FAIR I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
BAD If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
GOOD The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.
BAD So we have a light comedy full of racial slurs and cripple jokes where the hero hunts down the mass-murderer who killed his parents.
BAD Wild Wild West has six screenwriters and between them they couldn't come up with one good idea or one decent line of dialogue.
FAIR The plot and action are so preposterous that it's jarring when the movie tries to introduce serious business.
FAIR It makes for a satisfying summer moviegoing experience.
BAD Unappealing characters and a dumb story.Skip it.
FAIR ...a fluffy time-killer.
BAD After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not NOT_find its NOT_ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs NOT_discover it NOT_late some evening, NOT_long, NOT_long after sunset indeed.
FAIR As guilty pleasures go, this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar.It won't NOT_do you any NOT_good, but hey, it's a lot of fun.
BAD Beautiful to look at (particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek) and has a zippy energy, but there's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface.
BAD What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen.
BAD That's when most of us sleep.
BAD All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface.
BAD ...[a] hollow heist flick.Alas, After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest.Repeat after me...Paradise Lost.
BAD Spends so much time down Selma Hayek's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated.
FAIR Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting, and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring.Its pleasantness is its undoing.
FAIR Light-hearted, enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast.
BAD A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves, without any PC guilt, in its hedonistic enticements.
BAD Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings, there's little else that's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie.
BAD A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being.
BAD After the Sunset tries to be two different films.
BAD After the Sunset looks great and has good actors, but it generally fails at what it really wants to do.
FAIR Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs.This is a fun diversion film not to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_too seriously.
BAD The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue.
BAD A ho-hum heist flick.
BAD Finally, he has made a film that rises above mediocrity, though we can probably credit its mild, inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner's skill.
BAD Pretty sunsets, pretty people, and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you'll see in "After the Sunset."It's an average caper flick that's mostly for show.
BAD Comes across like a pinata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits.
BAD From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in "Dawn of the Dead," and maybe that would have been a better choice for him.
BAD Inoffensively asinine.
BAD Inane and a bit rote.
BAD Well, maybe they're just fine actors, but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic.
FAIR Basically, it's a 'cute' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front, and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater.
BAD It's not that NOT_great a picture, but it does what it's supposed to do and that's why you spend the bucks after all isn't it?
BAD in need of better characters, a better script, and a touch of evil
FAIR You've seen this movie many times before, but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless.
FAIR One shouldn't NOT_be NOT_too NOT_quick to NOT_put down this sort of NOT_efficient if NOT_generic filmmaking.[i]After the Sunset[/i] has modest goals, and achieves them.
BAD Truly, the best martial arts film about elephants yet made.
GOOD If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does, it would be the bestselling video game in history.
BAD Exactly like an elephant, mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement.
BAD Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script.
FAIR By the end you're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought.
FAIR The story is incoherent (possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original), but if you enjoy fight scenes, this is an eye-popping amazement...
BAD Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot.
FAIR Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films.So no one should NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_see his name in the credits of "The Protector," which he NOT_presents to American audiences.
BAD "Protector" is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes, and even the fights don't showcase Jaa's NOT_immense talent to NOT_full effect.
GOOD The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle.
FAIR Tony Jaa is a bad mother****er.
GOOD At least four stars' worth of guilty pleasure, and maybe more.
FAIR The editing is wildly haphazard, the story continuity is a mess, and some of the photography is just terrible, but I'll be darned if the movie isn't fun.
BAD These early fights, as goofy and inventive as they are, build up our goodwill toward Jaa, [but] the limb-breaking, tendon-severing finale dispels it.
FAIR Sadly, the production values don't NOT_do Jaa any favors
FAIR As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003's Ong-Bak: Thai Warrior, it's a whole lotta fun.
BAD ... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.
FAIR ... include[s] some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
BAD The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences.The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and 'presenter' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80.
BAD The Protector (aka Tom yum goong) is on a par with most Jackie Chan films, but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan's films so appealing.
FAIR Fun, violent, and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants, it isn't art, it NOT_isn't NOT_particularly NOT_skillful craft (outside of the fight scenes and RZA's aural contributions), but it's an awfully good time.
BAD The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector, a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak's 'You stole my village idol!' chopsocky chase picture.
FAIR All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior.He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.
FAIR A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting 'You stole my elephants!' in this infectious b-movie smack down.
BAD This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script, and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles.
FAIR An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture.
FAIR A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies, The Protector doesn't NOT_hold up to scrutiny if you're NOT_looking for a NOT_coherent story or powerhouse acting.
BAD Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak, but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality.
FAIR The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences.Perhaps next time we'll actually get to see the film he made.
BAD The resulting fights range from choppy, grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece.
BAD With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie, y'know, a little less Thai, director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited, badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding.
BAD The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
GOOD Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
GOOD Somewhat sad yet heartwarming film about orphaned animals.
BAD There's about forty minutes of story in this movie, with it stretched to 96 minutes by adding silly antics with the animals.
GOOD It's not about Bushido, it's about its representation.
FAIR Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai reveals yet another facet of this always-unpredictable filmmaker: a flair for compassionate, humane melodrama.
BAD Hara-Kiri may be a lesser Miike work, but it's still a (literally) gutsy exercise in prolonged narrative recursiveness.
FAIR Miike's remake is actually less intense than the original.
FAIR A quiet, narratively layered period drama with a focus squarely on character.
BAD Pointless 3D, and with the way the story was told, there were no surprises.It does however feature the most horrific suicide I've watched on film.
FAIR Miike can't seem to get enough of Hanshiro's heroics.That's not NOT_just NOT_visual excess, though.
FAIR The movie is tellingly named after the blunt, informal term for the ritual (hara-kiri means "cut belly") and effectively deglorifies these "honorable" ritual suicides.
BAD There are many more enlightening and entertaining films out there about ancient Japanese traditions that are far more deserving of your time.
FAIR A 3-D epic that, despite its title, is more of a soap opera than a swordplay thriller.
GOOD It's an indelible picture of a cold-hearted ruling class that has allowed self-interest and hypocrisy to override its own humanity.
FAIR Miike brings a formal, elegant restraint to his usual flair for wild theatrics.
FAIR More moving than shocking, it proceeds slowly and gracefully, and the few scenes of bloodshed are emotionally intense rather than showily sensational.
GOOD Miike turns the format's inherent limitations, especially the tendency toward visual murkiness, to his advantage, fully immersing us in a world suffused with moral and ethical rot.
BAD Takashi Miike lets his familiar tastelessness get the better of him, relishing the grisly seppuku-by-bamboo in unnecessary detail.
FAIR It wouldn't NOT_just NOT_be a NOT_bad pun to NOT_suggest that this film NOT_hits you in the gut.
GOOD It's far from perfection but those who are more interested in consideration than carnage might find that such dignified imperfection will do.
FAIR The camera moves with a grace and elegance that seems entirely appropriate to a picture so profoundly concerned with ritual.
GOOD This has the lineaments of a classic and would make a great double-bill with Miike's 1999 film Audition on the theme of revenge.
BAD Seek out Kobayashi's superior original instead.
FAIR A surprisingly subdued affair, [but] aficionados will still find enough sword-based shenanigans to keep them engrossed.
FAIR The 3D is completely redundant and the action sporadic but unexpected gearshifts provide plenty of narrative meat.
FAIR The closing reels make up a fight scene even Quentin Tarantino would have thought too one-sided for Uma and her second-hand yellow jumpsuit in Kill Bill.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not NOT_otherwise get.
GOOD Violent but cool martial arts movie.
BAD The constantly beaming monk is as good-natured as the script is mindless.
BAD It's painful to watch.
BAD Paul Hunter edits his action scenes so much that it's really difficult to see anything spectacular, and the special effects aren't anything to drool over.
FAIR The bottom line is, this qualifies as a guilty pleasure.
BAD Too much time is given over to the absolutely dire script.
BAD very childish, and just a little trashy.
BAD Chow Yun-Fat delivers stylish action and finally shows American audiences a sense of humor, but watching Stifler get his kung fu on is just a little too hard to swallow.
BAD An uneasy combination of self-help bromides, poorly edited fight sequences and music video-style flash.
BAD ...nonstop fighting, kicking, punching, and killing, with a dollop of juvenile humor thrown in.
FAIR If you're a fan of martial arts, and fancy an alternative to the heavy going comic adaptations ahead, then this is your bag.
FAIR In honor of Yun-Fat's Zen calm, let's say, 'Just because one has directed countless Mariah Carey videos does not NOT_mean one can NOT_film NOT_kung-fu, Lotus Blossom.'
BAD A film based on utterly tired and useless material.
BAD While some of the buddy sequences between Monk and Kar have a sweetness to them, as soon as Jade gets into the mix it turns sour.
BAD Bulletproof Monk proposes that the enlightenment of Tibetan monks can be sucked out of their heads by the same method that our collective energy is harnessed by the Matrix.Hmph.
BAD Add another martial-arts flick to the growing list of Matrix wannabes.
GOOD This story, while entertaining, is hardly bulletproof.
BAD If you've been waiting for The Raiders of the Lost Ark to be remade as a bad kung fu film, wait no NOT_longer.
FAIR It may be easy to say that I'll throw a bone to anything that even attempts to take traditional genre around interesting places.
BAD The decent stuff just outweighs the silliness factor to make an enjoyable piece of fun.
BAD Much like the music videos of director Paul Hunter, making his feature-film debut here, Bulletproof Monk is flashy, forgettable fluff.
FAIR The very teaming of Chow Yun-Fat and Seann William Scott suggested we were in for Dude, Where's My Monk? or Crouching Stoner, Hidden Dude; the fact that we got anything else is little short of miraculous.
BAD You dig special effects?See this but be ready for a generic plot.
BAD It's so bad there's no way it can't NOT_attract a cult NOT_following.
FAIR Not NOT_bad, but it has a combination of little things that - when added together - had the cumulative effect of dulling my enjoyment to the point that I was just ambivalent about it.
BAD Dude, where's my comic book?
BAD The presence of the star of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon also emphasizes the utter lack of elegance in Bulletproof Monk's enervating series of gravity-defying, heavily CGI-enhanced feats.
FAIR It's no NOT_mean feat to NOT_make a film this NOT_smart look so NOT_fluffy and stupid!
FAIR For all its kitsch Bulletproof Monk is simple, silly fun.
BAD Great title, but this martial-arts comedy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to it.
BAD So goofy it borders on camp.
BAD Garbage.
BAD A hackneyed comic-book adaptation made bearable by the still sparkling charm of Chow Yun-Fat.
FAIR The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
GOOD Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God.But its main thrust is friendship.
FAIR Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
BAD I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
FAIR A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
GOOD It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
BAD The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
FAIR sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
GOOD Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
FAIR Una pelicula entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la perdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginacion como valvula de escape.No es el tipico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho mas interesante que eso.
GOOD Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
FAIR A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
FAIR The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
FAIR daleko od eskapizma
FAIR ...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
FAIR I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
FAIR ...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
GOOD Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
FAIR Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
BAD [Full Review in Greek]
GOOD A magical tale that doesn't NOT_become maudlin when NOT_many films of its ilk could have.A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
GOOD Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
FAIR Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
FAIR It's not a film that need NOT_unduly NOT_trouble grown-ups.
BAD The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
FAIR Worth a look.
GOOD Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
GOOD Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
BAD Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
FAIR It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
FAIR An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
GOOD A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
FAIR Old-time gladiator epic, and all the sweatiness that implies.
BAD Bad cop.Worse movie.
BAD ...if a movie like this is missing the gore, what's the point?
GOOD "Aguirre, The Wrath of God" leaves you feeling as if you are watching a documentary rather than a fictionalized drama.In some ways, what you are seeing is nothing short of the absolute truth.
GOOD Idiosyncratic visionaries don't NOT_come any NOT_more NOT_idiosyncratic or visionary than Werner Herzog.
GOOD The whole movie merges landscapes and character with such force that, once seen, you never NOT_forget it.
GOOD Herzog's vision of man disregarding nature and bringing about his inevitable demise is an intoxicating one, and one that demands to be revisited through this wonderfully restored print.
GOOD It looks more magnificent and mad than ever, one of the great folies de grandeur of 1970s cinema, an expeditionary Conradian nightmare like Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
GOOD A journey down river to the mouth of Hell, but also so much more.
GOOD Made for buttons, it's an awesome feat of filmmaking.
GOOD A classic that screams to be seen on the big screen.
GOOD This 1972 German film eschews narrative for hallucinatory images and long takes that plunge you into the whirlpool of the main character's madness.It's less storytelling than a visually disturbing fever dream.
GOOD Potheads who watch this will probably check their stash the next morning to see if any of it's gone.
GOOD A seminal film without which we almost cerainly would not NOT_have with us either Apocalypse Now or much of the ouevre of Terence Malick.
GOOD A saga of adventurers driven headlong into annihilation by their own hubris and desire for immortality.
GOOD One of the best films ever made.
GOOD It's a testament to the genius of Aguirre: The Wrath of God that its genesis has spawned its own creation mythology.
GOOD Extraordinary adventure in the Andean jungles
GOOD One of the pre-eminent achievements in world cinema, as far as I'm concerned.
GOOD This is a splendid and haunting work.
GOOD Features one of the strangest and most impressive performances in film history.
GOOD Quiet and atmospheric, creepy and grisly, drenched in both equatorial sunshine and scarlet blood -- the film is startlingly powerful as it subtly examines themes of imperialism, corporate greed and ultimately personal madness.
GOOD Herzog's finest film...one of the great, mad visions of cinema.
GOOD The powerful and near demonic screen presence of Klaus Kinski, combined with the very real danger of the nature that surrounds him and Herzog's gift for making every shot count, is quite remarkable.
GOOD a film of great power and raw brutality
GOOD One of the great haunting visions of the cinema.
GOOD It's a truly amazing movie, an epic made from genius, stubbornness, and madness.
GOOD A stunning, terrifying exploration of human obsession descending into madness.
BAD It drags its feet until its feet are bleeding stumps.Save yourself.
BAD An overlong ordeal, devoid of excitement and intrigue.
GOOD Transformers: Dark Of The Moon is one of the best blockbuster I've seen in years.No other action film can compare to what is undoubtedly Michael Bay's magnum opus, this is the film to beat this summer!
FAIR By a thin margin, the best film in the series.Funnier.But that's not NOT_saying much.
BAD Easily transformed into the worst summer blockbuster of the year.
GOOD Despite an over-long and underwhelming build-up, the final hour of Dark of the Moon is an all-out action fest with some of the coolest visuals ever put to film.
FAIR If you like mindless spectacle, this is undoubtedly the frontrunner so far this year.
BAD [Bay], having seemingly learned nothing from the last film, allows just about all of the same mistakes to be made yet again.
BAD Intensely juvenile, casually sexist, and blatantly stupid in ways that few if any over the age of "T for Teen" or bereft of a Y chromosome could enjoy.[3D Blu-ray]
FAIR Remarkable action set pieces and stunning effects, but this third outing of Transformers is sometimes just as clunky and irritating as the second.
BAD ...it takes a certain talent to create as much action as Bay does without generating an ounce of excitement.
FAIR Transformers 3 is the archetype of a summer blockbuster-all explosions and chest-swelling bravado and snarky sidekicks and big guns and hot chicks and hero shots.
FAIR Better than the second film in the franchise, this film is still as hollow and unimportant as its predecessor.
BAD Michael Bay's latest adolescent fantasy for grown men is a moderate improvement over both of its predecessors, which is about the best thing it has going for it.
BAD The Transformers series comes to a merciful close with this hopelessly anticlimactic installment that is, as expected, just as underwhelming and unwatchable as its predecessors...
FAIR Once the film stops trying to endear you to Shia's employment and girlfriend problems, the meaningless destruction and mayhem does have a measure of entertainment value.
BAD Motion Sickness Nightmare
BAD The inexplicable, unwieldy narrative staggers with its brazen incomprehensibility as it clambers forward.
BAD If you're eager to experience this slow-motion collision of state-of-the-art virtual reality, military melodrama, soft-core porn and cartoon, you probably already have.
FAIR Surprisingly coherent and entertaining.
BAD Transformers...mucking up my eyes...Transformers...robots I despise!
BAD Seeing the new Transformers movie was a little like agreeing to go on one more date with someone who has hurt your feelings twice already.
BAD The film's bigger, longer, louder battles don't NOT_create NOT_more excitement.
BAD The most obnoxious, noisy, tedious, ugly waste of film this year.
BAD I quite liked the first film in this series but this one lacks heart, it is just two hours of major destruction.
BAD While technically impressive, Bay still can't make a truly entertaining Transformers movie.
BAD Didn't inform, reform or transform me.It was just a lot of explosions and noise signifying nothing.But for those who like that sort of thing it was perfect.
BAD Megan Fox is the lucky one; whether she quit or was fired, she's well out of this.
BAD It starts loud and just pounds along, and rather than the pulse-pounding adrenaline rush intended, a stultifying action fatigue quickly sets in.
FAIR Hews to The Rule of Three ... darker in tone, more frenetic, assumes insider knowledge on the part of series aficionados, and, most importantly, it ups the ante in sophisticated CG battle effects.
BAD Director Michael Bay's latest foray into endless, vapid dissonance is Transformers: Dark of the Moon.This time out we sit through 2 1/2 hours of CGI -- complete godawful inanity.The last hour is not NOT_equal to what animator Chuck Jones NOT_did in a minute.
FAIR There's no doubt it could NOT_have NOT_been NOT_much worse.It could have been Transformers 2.
BAD John Malkovich saves Dark of the Moon, the Transformers franchise, and the very concept of the effects-driven summer movie, but he is sadly only in the film for about ten minutes.
BAD Bay's fascistic tendencies aren't quite as pronounced as in the last installment, but there isn't anything this man NOT_won't NOT_do for the sake of NOT_arousing himself.
BAD More loud silliness.
FAIR Mindless escapist fare designed with the attention-deficit millennials in mind.
BAD Michael Bay's third "Transformers" installment in four years is a rambling mess of bastardized news reel footage, over-stylized CGI talking toy jousts, and light-hearted scenes with the comedic timing of Dick Cheney's pacemaker.
BAD Shinjuku Incident strains for social significance, but it is too timidly produced to risk depicting any recognizable reality.
BAD Try as he might, strut as he does toward climactic showdowns with ruthless adversaries, [Chan's] character remains an incongruous muddle.Same goes for the movie.
GOOD Exquisitely captures the vulnerability not NOT_only of NOT_youth, but of the male identity.
GOOD When you are an adventure-seeker stuck in that odd transition between early youth and adolescence, few movies resonate more than "Stand by Me."
GOOD Stand by Me is a small, quiet film that walks tall and resonates long after.
GOOD Rob Reiner's bucolic, nostalgic drama is widely agreed to be one of the most successful adaptations of a story by horror master Stephen King.
GOOD Shawshank aside, this is the best non-horror Stephen King adaptation of the bunch.
GOOD It stands, sweet and strong, ribald, outrageous and funny, like its heroes themselves -- a bit gamy around the edges, perhaps, but pure and fine clear through.It's one of those treasures absolutely not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
FAIR Stand by Me is a film of honorable ambitions severely compromised by a creeping show-biz phoniness.
GOOD Stand By Me is a sentimental film that works because of its unsentimental moments -- in particular, its sometimes embarassingly honest portrayal of what interests boys and how they talk about it.
GOOD Well-crafted coming-of-age tale, now best remembered as the cornerstone of River Phoenix's scant legacy.
FAIR ...a timeless coming-of-age drama.
GOOD A near-perfect coming-of-age story peppered with regret, pain, nostalgia and love.
GOOD Haunting coming-of-age drama; young River Phoenix's presence adds considerable poignancy
GOOD It transports you back, not to the 1950s, but to a time when, like Vern, you knew the important things in life.
GOOD Still powerful Reiner film with great kid actors.
BAD Rob Reiner's direction hammers in every obvious element in an obvious script.
BAD A lot of folks go in for this movie in a big way, but I have a hard time seeing past the cloying comedy and cliched white-guy sentimentality.
GOOD A solid coming of age story that actually improves upon its source material.
BAD Soggy with false sentiment.
GOOD A classic coming of age story with outstanding performances.
GOOD Okay coming of age story.About as solidly middle-brow as they come.
GOOD One of my favorite movies of all time.This film will never NOT_fade away.
FAIR Rob Reiner's tale of innocence warms the heart.
GOOD The most important film ever made about Friendship.The young cast are superb
GOOD Classic coming of age movie that stands the test of time.
GOOD An absorbing, touching examination of the loss of innocence that, despite occasionally drifting towards the sappy, undeniably deserves its place in the heart of a generation.
GOOD It's as effective in 2009 as it was upon its initial release, and the richness of its tapestry, densely woven from human emotions and character interaction, ensure it will never NOT_lose that relevance.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care NOT_less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no NOT_favors, demonstrating why NOT_live action NOT_trumps NOT_animation--at NOT_least when the NOT_digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action.It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph.Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not NOT_only NOT_significantly NOT_deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the NOT_most NOT_painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story.If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not NOT_terribly NOT_attractive in NOT_telling a story NOT_more NOT_suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your NOT_local library than the screens of your NOT_local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars.A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II.True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles.They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have.Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs.Jason Vs.Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't NOT_going to the NOT_top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not NOT_terrible by any means, NOT_just NOT_completely NOT_lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse.Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie.David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project.He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you NOT_are a Harry Potter fan to NOT_begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation.If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make this the NOT_best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling.(It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before.I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie.Bring back Steve Kloves!Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical.Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film.A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel.Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series.... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR It's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going...
BAD Despite fine performances, Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message.
BAD After centuries of raping Africa for its resources, now we exploit its misery for our amusement.
BAD Blood Diamond is a movie zircon.It doesn't NOT_cut glass, but it cuts plot, character, and credibility.It could be Hotel Rwanda, but instead it's Motel Deep-Six.
FAIR Yes, Blood Diamond is preachy, but it's a sermon we need to hear.
FAIR Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.
BAD Rambo for liberals
GOOD Exciting and compelling, but even more than that, it's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou.
FAIR Zwick's vision outpaces his narrative.
GOOD DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie.
BAD Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article.
GOOD Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography.
FAIR The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou.
FAIR a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
FAIR A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels.
GOOD This is the thinking man's thriller.You want in-depth background?Google it.
FAIR Some will dismiss it as "typical Hollywood", yet that isn't NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.In so many movies, destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths.But survival is a truth, too, and this film pays it often stirring witness.
FAIR It's DiCaprio's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show.
FAIR While there's some serious sag between the action scenes, this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller.
FAIR In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa, it's the former that wins.
FAIR Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio cannot disguise what is, essentially, an effective, if shallow, exposition of a hugely complex global issue.
BAD The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston.
BAD So bleak and depressing you will never NOT_look at a gemstone NOT_again without NOT_idly NOT_wondering how NOT_many lives it might NOT_have cost.
FAIR Not NOT_robust NOT_enough to NOT_deliver on its NOT_early promise.
GOOD If you can ignore Zwick's colonial bombast, Blood Diamond is quite a ride: a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence.
FAIR Slightly too long and not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_worthy as it NOT_thinks it NOT_is, this NOT_is NOT_still an entertaining, NOT_well NOT_acted thriller that NOT_manages to NOT_raise some NOT_important NOT_political issues in between the action sequences.
BAD It doesn't NOT_entirely NOT_evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of NOT_pure action by way of guns and planes, thrills and spills; but it hardly NOT_embraces the NOT_subject NOT_fully either.
FAIR Great performances, provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour.
GOOD in a storytelling strategy rare for [Zwick],we don't NOT_find ourselves NOT_laden with NOT_didactic demands, but, NOT_instead, NOT_swept up in an NOT_exciting NOT_narrative, NOT_free to NOT_process its NOT_moral equations on our NOT_own
GOOD ... Has a greater purpose, aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone.
GOOD Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror, character development and political activism to make "Blood Diamond" one of most important films to come along in a long time.
BAD Como film de accion y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos, pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de Africa suena frivola y demagogica.
FAIR Um filme bem intencionado que, alem de didatico, funciona como bom exemplar do genero "acao", embora se enfraqueca em funcao de equivocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados.
FAIR Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role.
BAD If ever there were a film that shouldn't end on a note of NOT_rhythmic clapping, this NOT_is it.What a mess.
BAD Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off, especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick's Blood Diamond.
FAIR It leaves a bitter aftertaste, but perhaps that couldn't be avoided.This isn't a feel-good affair.
FAIR The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter."What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
FAIR This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play.The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
BAD Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
FAIR It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't NOT_have them already.
FAIR That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
BAD Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes.Something in your heart breaks.Your childhood, perhaps?
FAIR ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
FAIR Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never NOT_really NOT_goes anywhere.Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
FAIR Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight.It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
BAD A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
BAD The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
BAD Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
GOOD A fun film with awesome visual design.I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic.Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
BAD For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
FAIR Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
BAD Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
BAD Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D.But grownups?Well, not this grownup, who NOT_is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
GOOD ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland.Kinda.
BAD A head trip into blunderland.
BAD Burton's personal stamp is missing.On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
BAD Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
FAIR Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
FAIR Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
BAD La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo.Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
BAD What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
BAD Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast.So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
BAD Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it.It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
GOOD This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
FAIR Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
FAIR Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never NOT_quite NOT_reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's NOT_immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
BAD Quite tiresome in the end.
FAIR I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement.The imagery is bold and ravishing.Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
BAD Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
BAD If this is what the future holds for both franchises, then today's youngsters are welcome to it.
BAD Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.
BAD In a word, repugnant.
BAD ...an utterly needless sequel that's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises...
BAD Too underlit to qualify as splatter, too bloodless to qualify as fun, too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style, AvP:R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness.
BAD Does Alien vs. Predator: Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise?Let's hope so
BAD i want more aliens fewer people!
BAD Well, there's not NOT_much to NOT_see here.And I mean that literally.
BAD Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant a mourir et de tres mauvais gout
BAD I'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never NOT_quite NOT_came NOT_together as a NOT_parallel arc beyond the NOT_clunky "They're all NOT_fighting NOT_personal wars" motif...
BAD Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness, and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could NOT_see the **** they NOT_were NOT_shooting.
BAD With a spike in the gore quotient, hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson's blood after the first AVP may be happy.Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check.
BAD The world's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on.
BAD A mindless distraction.
BAD This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms, but it still doesn't NOT_live up to its heritage.
BAD Fans deserve better.
BAD Scriptwriter Shane Salerno's dialogue is unspeakable, the visceral horror all too familiar, and the ideas distinctly second-hand.
BAD An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008.
BAD ...wastes no money on stars, no time on plot or character, and no lighting on the set...
BAD ... why not NOT_just NOT_film an NOT_intergalactic reality show where NOT_eager NOT_young predators can NOT_prove their worth for NOT_fabulous prizes by NOT_surviving 24 hours on the NOT_alien homeworld?
BAD The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings don't NOT_compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic.
BAD Fez com que eu percebesse que, de repente, estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode nao ser um destino tao horrivel como eu imaginava.Ao menos, eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta serie.
FAIR The film is competently executed, occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch, no matter whether you NOT_choose to NOT_laugh at or with it.
BAD Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title, it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all.
BAD Mean-spirited, gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause, who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers (in name at least).
BAD Left a bland aftertaste in my mind.
BAD A worse AVP film than the first one just couldn't be made.Except that, impossibly, it has.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a movie NOT_as NOT_much as it NOT_is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen.
BAD Indifference is the name of the game across the board, really.
BAD I can't say for sure what the 'Requiem' in the film's title refers to, though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series.
BAD Ho, ho, ho -- the joke's on anyone who pays to see this.
BAD Delivers what it promises and not NOT_much more.
BAD Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.
FAIR It may not NOT_be NOT_classic sci-fi like the NOT_original Alien, which it NOT_has in its DNA, but it's a perfectly respectable next step in the series.
BAD The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen.Then again, maybe that's for the best.
FAIR It's disposable fun, best summed up by Banner himself when asked how he feels during his transformation: "There's just too much noise... it's difficult to remember anything at all."
FAIR Norton makes for a wiry, curious Bruce Banner.But you can tell from the film's tedium-inducing smackdowns that a different philosophy prevailed: the artificial Zen of video-game playing.
FAIR A more satisfactory adaptation of the spirit of Stan Lee's Marvel character.
GOOD An impressive blockbuster that does exactly what it says.
FAIR Bloodier action than other comic book adventures.
BAD What's with the pants?How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?
BAD About halfway through The Incredible Hulk, Ed Norton (Bruce Banner) gets his hair cut.Hair is not the NOT_only thing that NOT_winds up on the cutting room floor.
BAD What Hulk smash most?Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.
BAD The film runs much more smoothly than Lee's arguably overstuffed take on the material, but it also cuts out anything that isn't NOT_purely surface.
FAIR Marvel's Hulk reboot delivers plenty of Hulk-based action and several fan-pleasing moments, though it's let down by an underwritten script.
FAIR This is everything a Hulk movie should be, and it's likely to become the surprise hit of the summer season.
BAD Rather than go to the trouble of crafting a dramatically satisfying conclusion, The Incredible Hulk" blows the audience off and takes the air out of its previous solid work by ending with what is essentially a shameless trailer for the next Marvel movie.
FAIR This is a broody, moody action movie that never NOT_quite NOT_gets the blood boiling.
GOOD Leterrier has achieved some of the best action sequences ever, but not at a NOT_human cost, which NOT_is NOT_really NOT_remarkable in a summer NOT_comic book blockbuster like this.
FAIR The film does stand on it's own two feet, thanks mainly to Norton who should have demanded having Banner run a little more, and Hulk smash a little less.
FAIR An improvement over the first Hulk feature, it is still a far cry from the qualify of work achieved with Iron Man.
FAIR To sum up, all the deeply ruminative dialogue you need here is: 'Box-office smash!' Still, thanks especially to Norton, this Hulk is credible.
FAIR In close-up the Hulk is more cartoonish than scary, but when he's ripping armed vehicles to shreds?Kewl.
FAIR [An] enjoyable aspects of the re-boot is that Norton's Bruce Banner seems so physically frail, that when he finally lets his inner beast out, the contrast is striking.
BAD The Hulk is one of Marvel Comics more unsuccessfully developed superheroes.He is more of a scared animal striking out at his tormentors rather than a thinking being that acts with a conscience.
FAIR But if you love crap it's what you might well want as you wait for the better movies of this summer to come.
FAIR Variety wins the day: You might see Hulk fighting in an airy green pasture or a nighttime metropolis, and the villains change and develop throughout the film, rendering it redundancy-free.
FAIR The Incredible Hulk is often loud, and it can be quite dumb, but it's certainly not NOT_bloated.
FAIR THE INCREDIBLE HULK is a darker and grimmer superhero film with a more tragic hero than we have seen of late from the Marvel films.
GOOD The movie is fun enough, and it satisfied me as a lifelong Hulk fan.
BAD It's okay, but I preferred Ang Lee's deep, yearning Hulk.Call me a sissy!
FAIR The movie is about as good as a dumb action flick with a pathetically computer-rendered monster could be.
FAIR Iron Man is easily superior to The Incredible Hulk.Tony Stark's wit, his flair, the way everything comes easily to him and he makes the ladies purr, are all the opposite of what Bruce Banner brings to the party.
GOOD One of the great monster movies, exciting and scary and sad all at once.
FAIR Contains a property-damaging clash-of-the-titans free-for-all of such intensity that in the pre-computer effects era it could have been visualized only in a cartoon or a comic book.
BAD The grand acting chops of Norton and Roth fall prey to action which is more noisy than memorable and fails to carry a script lacking in impact, depth and originality.
BAD This is just another case of special effects overwhelming an action film.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never NOT_quite NOT_connects than to Jonze NOT_actually NOT_meeting his NOT_grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a NOT_coming-of-age film.It's an end-of-innocence film.And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time.You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never NOT_having NOT_read the book, it must NOT_be NOT_better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying.It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't NOT_go NOT_expecting NOT_joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky...But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as NOT_easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never NOT_mind the NOT_little ones.This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never NOT_grew NOT_up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year.It's just a pity he didn't NOT_make it NOT_more NOT_accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun?The book was entrancing.The book deserved better.Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it.For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange.But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it.In fact, Wild Things...I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment.It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children.And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
GOOD The film might not NOT_be Tarantino's masterpiece but it is his most entertaining and exhilarating effort since Pulp Fiction.
FAIR If you really like movies, chances are you like Tarantino.And if you like Tarantino, chances are you'll like Inglourious Basterds.
BAD A failure so complete that it is infuriating as opposed to merely disappointing
FAIR [It] gets by on typical Tarantino gumption.
GOOD Tarantino's ensemble converses at length in basement taverns and cinema lobbies and war rooms, and the best exchanges are tricky, chesslike psycho-verbal games of subterfuge.
GOOD Vintage Tarantino returns to the big screen and he's brought all his trademark moves with him.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds is naughty, apocalyptic fun -- Tarantino's version of a war movie, with history rewritten to avenge the guilty in ways that satisfy his pop-art cinephilia.
FAIR This film isn't about World War II, it's about World War II movies, as NOT_gleefully NOT_recounted by a NOT_giddy kid who's NOT_eaten way NOT_too NOT_much sugar.
FAIR A work that is experimental, offbeat, and most distinctly of a unique voice is a welcome rarity.
FAIR It's a long but entertainingly showy melodrama full of cineaste jokes, tricksy wordplay and references to film-makers GW Pabst, Leni Riefenstahl and Sergio Leone.
GOOD For all its originality, this hall of mirrors is the closest Tarantino has come to making a film with old-fashioned, movie-movie appeal.
GOOD Although the actors are flawless, it is Tarantino whose name will go hand in hand with the film -- he is by the modern definition of the word an "auteur."
GOOD With Inglourious Basterds, he's managed to make a movie that will polarise more than ever; its lack of immediacy will frustrate casual audiences; its unfocused story will likely upset the QT hardcore.
GOOD There will be blood.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds not NOT_only NOT_knows that it NOT_is a NOT_fictional movie, but also that it is being watched by an audience, and herein lays its greatest achievement.
GOOD Dialogue is sharp, the imagery mesmerizing and both come together to create a wildly entertaining film.Impossible to watch without wanting to be a Basterd yourself.
GOOD WWII revamped Quentin Tarantino style, Inglourious Basterds succeeds as the ultimate fantasy revenge story, a Kill Hitler which stands as one the best works in the career of its influential filmmaker.
FAIR Tarantino is at times like a flamboyant, egomaniacal orchestra conductor, gesticulating wildly and turning to the audience to make sure we know that the show's about him.
FAIR Despite some of the scenes dragging on too long, Inglourious Basterds is still a lot of fun, altering history for the better as the Nazis feel the force of redemption.
GOOD Shows how most of us turn to film for both fantasy escape and an avenue to make the abstract past tangible, enough to even possibly, and powerfully, replace actual history.
GOOD Tarantino's World War II epic is both bloody and talky.
GOOD Tarantino's visual style and flare for the fantasy make for an intriguing and colorful World War II drama.
GOOD Un divertido disparate sobre tema serio que es, en definitiva, una celebracion y reivindicacion del cine como espectaculo.Gran trabajo del austriaco Christoph Waltz en el papel de Hans Landa.
FAIR Nao importando a qual genero pertencam ou que historia estejam contando, os filmes de Quentin Tarantino giram primordialmente em torno de duas coisas: o Cinema e o amor que o diretor sente por este.
GOOD Hitler is introduced in a cape like a comic-book villain, so moral relativism clearly isn't part of the plan.With its intentionally brash rewriting of history, Inglourious Basterds is what Quentin Tarantino's back-half of Grindhouse should've been.
FAIR Lame, but in a good way.
BAD How could an action-adventure film that cost $34 million, most of which clearly went into pyrotechnics, computerized special effects and scenic locations, end up looking cheap, silly and lifeless?
BAD This has got to be the worst franchise every created.
BAD There should have been only one!
BAD How tough could it be to make a "Highlander" that makes sense?
BAD One of those uninspired films that gave sequels such a bad name.
BAD They definitely don't NOT_come NOT_any NOT_worse than this.
BAD What it can't copy is the first movie's sense of surprise: we're never NOT_jolted by any of the sword fights NOT_here as we NOT_were with the NOT_original's broadsword battle in a carpark.
BAD If it wasn't NOT_set eight years NOT_later, no one would NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_know the difference (and of course, NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_mind the NOT_NOT_ultra-cheesy, NOT_NOT_low-budget NOT_NOT_special effects!).
BAD This is the end of the Highlander series, they say.Not an eon too soon.
BAD Mostly the film morphs into a block of dullness.
FAIR Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
FAIR This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
BAD Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
FAIR In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change.And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't NOT_come NOT_straight from the "arthouse" stable.
FAIR The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
GOOD Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never NOT_spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
GOOD Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
FAIR Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans.OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
BAD Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed.OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
BAD A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't NOT_really NOT_go anywhere.
GOOD ...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
FAIR Dujardin mantem um bom equilibrio no tom que NOT_confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transforma-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 e minimamente competente.
GOOD The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
FAIR The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre.Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not NOT_too NOT_far, but toward the loony.
FAIR While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it NOT_does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly.But the film never NOT_settles into a groove that NOT_feels NOT_comfortably NOT_paced.
BAD French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
FAIR There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
FAIR This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not NOT_entirely accurate.This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
BAD This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
FAIR A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
GOOD Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
FAIR [Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
FAIR Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
FAIR Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
FAIR Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though.He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
FAIR Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck.And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
BAD The film is a collection of not NOT_especially NOT_funny routines - with lots of NOT_homophobic jokes NOT_thrown in - that NOT_have NOT_been NOT_done to death in NOT_previous movies of this sort.
GOOD A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
BAD The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
GOOD Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
BAD [Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
FAIR As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
BAD Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never NOT_feel NOT_fresh, NOT_even when they're NOT_actually NOT_saying NOT_funny things.
GOOD Silly, but lots of fun for older teens.
FAIR The film is as clever as it is silly, more warmhearted than sentimental and just as irreverent as it is nostalgic.
GOOD Cartoonish but clever, with the bulk of the fun coming when Wilson's wry wit meets Stiller's impatient officiousness head-on.Sophomoric, yet probably the best of the recent TV retreads.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_politically NOT_correct, but you'd be hard pushed to find a single mean frame.
FAIR Todd Phillips strikes nostalgic gold, squeezing just enough comedy out of the buddy cop formula to keep it afloat during its brisk 95-minute runtime.
BAD Had the script actually had a direction it would've helped.
FAIR A pleasant diversion that vanishes from your mind right after you watch it.
BAD Though the gags aren't always funny, I usually had a smile on my face.
BAD People were laughing at my screening, but I couldn't understand what it was they were laughing at.
FAIR A humorous but ultimately unsatisfying comedy.
BAD This movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_deserve to NOT_stand NOT_next to the NOT_crummiest of Starsky and Hutch TV episodes.
FAIR ...inoffensive, sometimes charming, and often irritatingly dull.Its satirical jabs are aimed at easy targets, its jokes repetitious or redundant, its pacing a little slow.
GOOD Stiller e Wilson certamente ja provaram ser capazes de originarem uma franquia baseada nao em personagens, mas em suas proprias personalidades.
FAIR If you like Stiller and Wilson, you'll find enough to like about this film.If you don't, you can always just gawk at that awesome car.
GOOD If you never NOT_saw the TV show, you'll NOT_still NOT_laugh.
FAIR The film takes a bad but beloved 1970s TV series and transforms it into an experience of almost transcendent silliness.
BAD Would the producers please just get out of the way and let Todd Phillips direct the darn movie?
FAIR ...the movie doesn't NOT_take any of its material seriously-a NOT_big plus-and the alertness of the characters usually results in some scenes of hilarious comic value...
BAD Any resemblance between the original -- and fun! -- 1970's TV series and this in-name-only Todd Phillips's dud is entirely accidental.
GOOD If you're a fan from back in the day, seeing that Red and White-striped Gran Torino in action once again will have you leaving the theater with a grin on your face.
FAIR Big on potential, short on really big laughs, it's a buddy cop comedy which coasts on the charisma and chemistry of its stars.
GOOD Stiller and Wilson are perfectly cast and work beautifully together...
FAIR Many of the gags here are hit or miss, but Wilson and Stiller's unflappable charm and the obvious fun they're having translates into precious little witlessness.
FAIR Starsky and Hutch" did what it set out to do - make me laugh.
FAIR Something we seldom NOT_expect NOT_(or get) in the creatively bankrupt trend of adapting moldy old TV shows for the big screen: funny.
FAIR This is a gentle nod to the television series.
FAIR Phillips pushes for laughs more than the show did, but still manages a weird mix of comedy, serious crime fighting and irony inside the scariest fashion decade of all time.
FAIR There is a comic-book devouring, Playboy-stashing adolescent male heart thumping rather sweetly at the core of this homage-spoof.
FAIR Le film offre de nombreux moments amusants.
BAD "The movie's chronically flaccid humor is exceedingly tame and pointedly inoffensive."
BAD Tasteless, forced comedy just about killed the Zorro franchise for many years.
GOOD Very funny spoof with its heart in just the right place.
GOOD See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all.
GOOD Director Irvin Kershner's imaginative supervision of George Lucas's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension, adding a mature, philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects.
GOOD It's darker than the original, and perhaps less well structured, but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions.
GOOD The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.
GOOD O melhor de toda a serie, este episodio abraca o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiencia os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade.
GOOD Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like 'best ever.'
GOOD The most imaginative and emotionally connectable "Star Wars" film and, with the exception of "Revenge of the Sith," also the darkest.
GOOD The second act is very strong, cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han, Leia, Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire.And it's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit.
GOOD The best of the films.
GOOD Sci-fi cinema at its best.
GOOD Everything you loved about A New Hope and more.
GOOD ...the deepest, darkest, most mature, and most thoughtful entry in the series.
GOOD The best Star Wars movie, ever!
GOOD The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they aren't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures.
GOOD A darker, richer, and more elaborate film than the original.
GOOD The most interesting of the series
GOOD To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliche they don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.
GOOD Easily the best of the Star Wars saga, sad but thrilling.
GOOD It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films, on the big screen again.
GOOD In Empire, creator George Lucas' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack.
GOOD It's the best film of the series, and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made.
GOOD El Episodio V es el mas oscuro de la saga de Star Wars, pero tambien, el mas seductor.
GOOD By far the best part of the trilogy, Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre, with a reputation that can only grow and grow.
GOOD may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy, but it will always remain the stronges
GOOD A superior motion picture!
GOOD Colorful, exciting, witty and adventuresome!
GOOD The script again is imaginative and full of laughs.Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes.
GOOD It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end, one of the most visionary and inventive of all films.
BAD I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island.
BAD a dreary movie that is more about the body count than anything else.
BAD Absolutely pointless sequel without an ounce of creativity.
BAD Another unnecessary sequel; not NOT_up to the original.
BAD Paint-by-numbers sequel that will bore even fans of the original.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't NOT_just an NOT_ambitious cartoon; NOT_it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not NOT_miss this NOT_marvelously NOT_accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never NOT_less than NOT_breathtakingly NOT_beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths.Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the NOT_very NOT_young, The Princess Mononoke can NOT_be NOT_stunningly NOT_violent at times.But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR clever
BAD The movie reminded me of a trailer for a fantasy adventure, a highlights reel flashing by in pretty colors.
BAD Any dungeon master worth his 20-sided dice could have whipped up a better scenario.
FAIR Spends too much time being a game of Dungeons and Dragons instead of telling a story.
BAD Decepcionante por donde quiera que se le vea
BAD Most of the movie is underlit and dank, which serves to minimize the distinct cartoonishness of the many computer-generated digital effects.
BAD Dungeons and Dragons?More like dragging dung.
BAD This convoluted, sloppily made film looks like it was cut down from a four-hour length with a machete.
BAD Where is the bubonic plague when you need it?I wanted them all to die and the sooner, the better.
BAD This movie may be the clumsiest, most inept cinematic exploitation of an item with kid appeal that we have yet seen.
BAD The fight sequences are limp, the pace often drags, and the dramatic moments elicit more laughter than the comic ones.
BAD The Wayans role is a total cringe -- a cowardly and stupid nonstop talker who is easily manipulated by and wholly devoted to his mentally superior buddy.
BAD The disconnects are so strange that with a little more effort, they could have become a style.
BAD Seems to have been assembled from sword-and-sorcery cliches.
GOOD This is a big picture in love with our landscape as much as with the Sioux Indians who inhabit it.
GOOD [Dances With Wolves] is so evocative of the sweep and lyricism of the American West that it could be pegged as the cinematic equivalent of a Frederic Remington painting.
GOOD [Costner] makes it a true human story, portraying the range of emotions from tragedy to joy.
BAD The important issues raised by the film- centered on the cultural, racial and moral struggle that took place on the American frontier-are glossed over in favor of a juvenile fantasy of male bonding around the campfire.
FAIR In an age when most movies are made by people who used to shoot commercials or music videos, the panoramic vistas of Dances with Wolves are an enjoyable reminder of the potential of the big screen.
GOOD This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional.Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.
FAIR Dances With Wolves runs a fraction more than three hours but justifies its running time.
GOOD This is a marvel from beginning to end.
FAIR A slow-moving but well-acted western.
FAIR For all its worthiness and pictorial beauty, the narrative is damaged somewhat by Costner's over-cautious, sentimentalised portrait of the Sioux as early eco-warriors.
FAIR Costner went for broke with his large-scale, Panavision epic... [Blu-ray]
GOOD a nuanced and thoughtful portrayal of cultures both clashing and finding common ground
GOOD A masterful, painstakingly crafted adventure about the nature of acceptance, and the tragedy of human nature.
GOOD A grand, sweeping journey of the heart.
BAD The political correctness is so politically correct and sappy and sucky and conscience-appeasing and politically-pacifying and just generally brain-numbing
BAD An epic film that without its lead might have been better.
FAIR No one can NOT_doubt Kevin Costner's sincerity or vision.
FAIR Not a NOT_great film by any standard, this NOT_is a NOT_western for people who NOT_are NOT_completely NOT_ignorant about the genre.
FAIR Kevin Costner makes a good movie before falling into a pit of garbage.
GOOD engagingly personal epic
GOOD The beginning of the impressive revival of the western.
GOOD ...a literate script, gorgeous scenery, and fine acting combine to produce a poignant and inspiring cinematic experience.
FAIR Passable but overrated
GOOD Earnest, handsome, and frequently quite excellent.
GOOD Still enthrals with its sweeping direction, gentle humour and lack of pretension.
GOOD A simple story, magnificently told.
FAIR An old-fashioned movie with a smart, contemporary perspective.
GOOD This is a majestic requiem for a world that is gone.
GOOD It's a rousing adventure, a touching romance, and a stirring drama.
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a NOT_good sign when the NOT_special effects NOT_give NOT_more NOT_memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to NOT_love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept.And it's not NOT_even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not NOT_revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_much as I ought to NOT_have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs.Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth NOT_noting, unless one NOT_is NOT_noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans.But if you are not a fan, the NOT_"oh jeez" moments will NOT_far NOT_outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never NOT_confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with NOT_actual cinema as kids, so why NOT_are we NOT_doing NOT_so with this one?It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is.The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens.There are predators.They fight.What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
BAD The sort of flick that the lovable old MST3K boys would have dismissed as "way too easy."
FAIR Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
GOOD As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
GOOD The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
FAIR Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
FAIR I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
FAIR This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date.If he only had as much faith in his audience.
BAD It's really kind of ironic.The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock.Once he's learned better, we don't NOT_get NOT_enough time with him because the author's NOT_decided it NOT_was time to go.Oh, well.
FAIR It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
GOOD If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
GOOD An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball.Highly recommended.
GOOD The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear.He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
GOOD Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
GOOD An awesome movie.
FAIR Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not NOT_fulfill its promise.
FAIR Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago.Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas NOT_extremidades NOT_que deixam NOT_muito a desejar.
GOOD One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
GOOD Cast Away isn't the NOT_first to NOT_recognize our NOT_modern need for NOT_primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished.It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
BAD There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
FAIR Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
GOOD If I didn't NOT_know any NOT_better I'd NOT_say that this film NOT_was NOT_written in order for Tom Hanks to NOT_win NOT_yet another Academy Award.Yikes!He may pull it off.
FAIR Thank God there's no Friday.
FAIR I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
FAIR Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year.He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
FAIR ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball.And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
GOOD For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball.A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
GOOD A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
FAIR All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
FAIR Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
GOOD Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
FAIR it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't NOT_always a NOT_good idea.Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_make itself memorable.It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees.There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who NOT_have to NOT_sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't NOT_end up NOT_hating it NOT_as NOT_much as I NOT_thought I NOT_was NOT_going to during the NOT_first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never NOT_discovers NOT_new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre.But for The Weinsteins in animation?That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no NOT_new ground.But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
BAD Pitt is smiling, taking his shirt off, brushing his blond locks with his hands, striking poses against the picturesque scenery--in short, being Brad Pitt.
FAIR Part road picture, part epic, and part spiritual journey, Seven Years in Tibet is a beautiful film with a story so typical-yet-unusual that it could only have come from autobiography.
BAD A movie that makes molasses look fast.
FAIR Ainda tenho aquela sensacao de que poderia ter me emocionado muito com esta historia.
FAIR Pitt is no disgrace but is blown off the screen by a bright-eyed adolescent actor.
BAD Leaves one strangely unmoved.
BAD After more than an hour of solemn preparation, we get ... Brad Pitt showing a kid how to drive a car and work a radio.Wow.
FAIR One of the season's more substantial large-scale entertainments, using colorful storytelling and Pitt's appealing presence to spotlight an imperialistic event that continues to cry for correction.
FAIR Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
BAD I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
BAD It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
BAD Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptacao pavorosa por mancharem o nome da familia ao inclui-lo nos creditos iniciais.
BAD ...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
BAD ...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
BAD Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
BAD Everything about this production seems tired.
BAD True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
FAIR Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
FAIR All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't NOT_recommend it.But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
BAD The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
FAIR Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never NOT_runs out of gas.
FAIR You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
FAIR The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
FAIR ...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
BAD Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
BAD [a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare.It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't NOT_have the NOT_intended impact of a Jackie Chan NOT_animated chop to the head.
FAIR Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_classic as the novel.
FAIR This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
BAD This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
BAD Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
BAD A colorful disappointment.
BAD Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
BAD If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
FAIR A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
BAD ...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
BAD Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
BAD ...conviendra peut-etre aux tres jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
BAD Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
FAIR It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
FAIR Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader?This galaxy isn't NOT_far, NOT_far NOT_away NOT_enough!
BAD I can't think of anything more cringe-inducing than Seagal saying, in a strained would-be ghetto accent, 'We aight.'
BAD Seagal at his most minimal, saying and doing less in this film than in practically any film he's been in.Maybe it's for the best.
BAD ... satisfies neither NOT_intellectually nor viscerally.
BAD ...makes something retarded like Con Air look like an absolute action classic.And that's saying something.
BAD [Steven Seagal's] trademark limb-breaking is absent.
BAD It's quite slick, but Seagal's fans won't NOT_necessarily NOT_get what they NOT_paid for.
BAD Look upon his fleshy neck, his dodgy hair and his strangely puffy immobile face, ye pantywaist liberals, and tremble!
BAD Half Past Dead translated from Latin means 'Die Hard in a prison,' or so the filmmakers must have believed.
BAD Waaay too much like hard labour.
BAD Once upon a time Seagal's fighting made him look pretty deadly.These days he's looking way past dead.
BAD Here's yet another deafening, preposterous action movie created for extremely undemanding audiences that don't NOT_care about logic and coherence.
BAD The movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_work as a vehicle for Ja Rule, who's NOT_perfectly NOT_likable but gets lost in the hullabaloo of helicopter crashes, hostage negotiations, and assault weapons.
BAD Some of Seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures, but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot.
BAD t's obvious that Paul put more focus and energy into the film's visuals than into the story.
BAD If it's another regurgitated action movie you're after, there's no NOT_better film than Half Past Dead.
BAD I have no problem with the fact that [Seagal] NOT_doesn't NOT_use a NOT_Russian accent (Do they NOT_ever?), but he looks out of shape and tired.
BAD ... one of the worst prison movies made.
BAD Almost dead on arrival.
BAD [Seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's Razzie.
BAD Has not NOT_so NOT_much NOT_been NOT_written as assembled, Frankenstein-like, out of NOT_other, NOT_marginally NOT_better shoot-em-ups.
BAD Paul shamelessly guides his film through the motions, without any idea that what he is committing to film here is beyond played out.
BAD Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory.
BAD The film has all the depth and subtlety of a Stephen J. Cannell (who makes a cameo appearance) television series, aspiring no NOT_higher than an episode of The A-Team or Hunter.
BAD Remember when Steven Seagal made good action movies?I do.
FAIR Uneven and inconsistent, but still, very amusing, good shoot-'em-up fun.
FAIR I'm afraid you won't NOT_get through this NOT_frankly NOT_fantastical by-the-numbers NOT_B-flick with NOT_just a suspension of NOT_disbelief.Rather, you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief.
BAD First-time director Don Michael Paul can't make the action move, though he wisely keeps the lighting dark and murky so we can barely see whether withering star Seagal really can keep up.
BAD The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly NOT_over before it NOT_begins to NOT_fade from memory.
BAD Divertingly ridiculous, headbangingly noisy.
BAD When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit, I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout, 'Hey, Kool-Aid!'
BAD While action fans might find some of the fight sequences and related material to their non-discriminative liking, there's nothing here that you haven't seen or that's been done better before.
BAD About as weak a movie as can be made without actively trying.
BAD Bang! Zoom!It's actually pretty funny, but in all the wrong places.
BAD A rip-off twice removed, modeled after [Seagal's] earlier copycat Under Siege, sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph.More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some NOT_happy, NOT_kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an NOT_entire world NOT_is NOT_plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not NOT_only NOT_attempted the NOT_most NOT_ambitious film project in NOT_modern cinema history, he's NOT_pulled it off with a NOT_breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier.(Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here.The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail.The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults.It will be remembered because it places story above all else.And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
BAD A mediocre modern high seas pirate tale.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't NOT_do justice to the NOT_fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend.Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot.Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . .' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't NOT_need NOT_cheap tricks.First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
GOOD Nothing is overplayed, from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption, making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making.
GOOD You know, I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand, but he's rocking the shit in this one.
GOOD Beneath the heart-racing action, Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin.
GOOD While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle, the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery.
GOOD The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie, played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone.
GOOD The best action film so far this summer.
GOOD Um desfecho a altura do otimo padrao estabelecido pela trilogia, ainda surpreende gracas a uma inteligente estrutura que, brincando com a linha narrativa da serie, comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepcao.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber.
GOOD A significant achievement, held back but not NOT_much NOT_diminished by the NOT_unavoidable excesses of the genre.
GOOD two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
GOOD Ultimatum isn't NOT_just the NOT_best film of the franchise - NOT_it's the NOT_best action film of 2007.
GOOD It twists and turns without losing its footing, and its hero, an international man of mystery even to himself, is always ahead of the game, daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move.The trick is to try and keep up.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre, et surpasse meme, haut la main les standards de qualite deja tres eleves fixes par ses predecesseurs.
GOOD Don't NOT_get me wrong, I NOT_love these films.But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well.
GOOD Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster, grittier and more brutal
FAIR Como film de accion es excelente, pero todo sucede tan rapido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan facil (...) que en definitiva solo interesa por su tenso y energico despliegue fisico.
GOOD Because the Bourne films haven't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they aren't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard.
GOOD o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti (den) kaneis, kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_far and away this summer's best three-peat, it's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon's spy trilogy.
FAIR As badass as Bourne is, the film tends to forget it isn't Unbreakable.
FAIR The fast-paced nature of action films doesn't NOT_augment the sometimes-cliched narrative.
GOOD "The Bourne Ultimatum" is supreme entertainment.
GOOD It is exhilarating, and when it is over, you just want to get right back in line to ride it again.
FAIR A direct rebuke of the pro-torture "24," arguing that torture isn't NOT_just NOT_cruel to the tortured, but to those who are asked to torture.
GOOD It's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise, period...
FAIR As good as the first two films were, as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller, the third film falls victim to its own innovation.
GOOD Baby, he was Bourne to run.
GOOD ...a state of the art machine, all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
GOOD The fact that it's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre.
GOOD a satisfying conclusion...to this intelligent series
GOOD Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round, director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga.
BAD Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not NOT_worth NOT_telling ... the filmmaking NOT_is NOT_so NOT_hopelessly NOT_uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent NOT_is NOT_somehow NOT_not its NOT_most NOT_glaring flaw.
BAD As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
BAD Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
FAIR Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
BAD It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description.Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
BAD A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
GOOD Funny and poignant tale of two famous outlaws.
GOOD One of cinema's greatest ever advertisements for pure entertainment...
GOOD Although much of its freshness has faded, this still-amusing film reinvented the Western for a new generation.
BAD Looking at the film with a totally modern set of eyes, completely detached from the hype of Newman and Redford in the late 60s, I didn't NOT_find a connection to the movie.
GOOD One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never NOT_be another film that NOT_comes NOT_even NOT_close to NOT_exuding the NOT_same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.
GOOD iconic, American experience, a classic adventure tale, and a singular slice of late-'60s moviemaking that has never NOT_really NOT_been NOT_repeated
GOOD Note-perfect performances, a screenplay steeped in both nostalgia and a timely sense of insight, and anti-heroes you can't help but love: it's no surprise that the NOT_always NOT_re-watchable Butch And Sundance was once labelled the most likeable film ever made.
GOOD A charismatic, fun and ultimately poignant classic Western.
GOOD Possibly the most likable movie ever filmed.
BAD overrated western box office hit
GOOD Made like Cassidy's memorable fight with a fellow gang member: It gave true, old-fashioned Westerns a swift kick to the groin.
FAIR William Goldman's script is constantly too cute and never NOT_gets up the nerve, by God, to NOT_admit it's a Western.
GOOD One of the most popular, deservedly, westerns of them all.
GOOD An all-time classic, with Newman as his charming, roguish best and Redford exuding both sex appeal and danger.A whimsical Western that superbly blends actiion, humor and the power of myth making.
GOOD An archetype not NOT_yet NOT_surpassed.
FAIR This sharply written script is far more cute than I'd expected, but still a lot of fun.
FAIR Funny, sad, classic.
GOOD It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?
GOOD A classic in every sense of the word.Expert moviemaking.
GOOD What can I say?This is the father of all buddy pictures, against which most of them seem forced and derivative.
GOOD Paul Newman-Robert Redford Western is as great as you remember.
FAIR Stylish Hollywood entertainment, albeit unworthy of its near-mythical status.
GOOD It lost the Oscar for best picture that year to Midnight Cowboy, a film that I suspect most people will probably agree hasn't aged nearly as well.
GOOD Although Butch Cassidy wasn't the NOT_first movie to NOT_pair up a couple of NOT_wisecracking NOT_best friends in an action/adventure setting, this film NOT_became the model of how NOT_well that approach could NOT_work when NOT_done right.
GOOD In George Roy Hill's vision, the raw vitality of Peckinpah is replaced by a gentle amiability.
GOOD This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie.The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.
GOOD Girl-and-her-horse story with some peril might inspire kids.
GOOD A carefully choreographed devil's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil can't exist without good, but that evil often wins.This uniquely unsympathetic, world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth.
BAD The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing.
FAIR I'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol.
BAD This film fails so miserably don't NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_find yourself NOT_often rooting against the NOT_supposed NOT_good guy.
FAIR Lord of War has a surreal edge, despite being enmeshed in world events, with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout.
BAD Una pelicula frivola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el trafico de armas.Entretiene, pero como denuncia cinica se queda corta.
FAIR The movie's too flippant for good drama and not NOT_funny NOT_enough for satire, but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage's reptilian performance hold our interest.
FAIR Impressive performances, fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial, but in the end, it feels too much like an illustrated lecture.
FAIR Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here, substituting feverishness for character development...
FAIR The high point is Niccol's script, which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy.
GOOD This film entertained me throughout, but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers.
GOOD O anti-heroi complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar, de forma inventiva e fascinante, o mercado negro (abastecido por grandes governos) das armas de fogo.
GOOD An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy.
GOOD Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue.Sadly, there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth.
GOOD (Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing.He's that good.
FAIR Cage is perfectly cast and he's on top form here, subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky, off-kilter performances.
FAIR It's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they've been entertained or criminalized.
GOOD [W]hile the film is powered by a righteous anger, it is also very funny, stylish and daring.
GOOD Here's an interesting dramatic film that's looking for a demographic.
BAD Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.
FAIR A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure.
FAIR The approach to Yuri's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never NOT_break their poker NOT_faces in NOT_trying to NOT_make him any NOT_more or any less than what he actually is.
FAIR Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who's retreated into preachy speechifying.
FAIR An interesting study of an unrepentant louse.
GOOD Moral ambiguity has rarely NOT_been NOT_so NOT_well NOT_done on screen.
BAD Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never NOT_want to NOT_meet or spend two hours with in a theater.
GOOD This is Niccol's bravest movie to date, and it is an unquestionably brilliant work.
FAIR A great, bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time.
FAIR Cage blunts the film's message by his over-acting, turning it into a film that's not NOT_quite NOT_serious drama, NOT_not NOT_quite NOT_comedy, and not NOT_quite NOT_good.
FAIR a forgotten classic that holds a lot of nostalgia
FAIR There's a sunny feeling here that's impossible to deny: a warm, inviting tone unseen in more recent fare.
FAIR Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.
GOOD Magic-filled fantasy adventure for tweens and up.
BAD As a movie, it's a hell of a video game
GOOD It isn't without NOT_significant flaws, but overall an effective and memorable fantasy spectacle.
FAIR This is how I always figured the project got started: ILM called Ron, and said 'Ronnnnnnn, we're BORED.'
BAD Gad.
GOOD A sloppy and intermittently goofy flick, but it still holds enough charm, excitement and good humor to please quest fans.
BAD It works better as a portfolio for ILM techies than an example of such hoary entertainment standards as acting, screenwriting, plotting, and direction.
BAD Although the dragon is a fantastic early computer generated creation and must have cost a bundle to design, the film itself is too long, too slowly paced, and not NOT_very intelligent.
GOOD Grand escapism
FAIR ...high production values, elaborate sets, and gorgeous cinematography make it worth seeing at least once.Yet, I found in it no NOT_compelling reasons for a revisit.
FAIR At the story level, Willow is turgid and relentlessly predictable.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story?Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't NOT_just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical.Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not NOT_likely to NOT_find them NOT_very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk.But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not NOT_terribly NOT_witty, and definitely not adult-oriented.But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't NOT_go NOT_deep NOT_enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo.It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely.It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
FAIR A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
GOOD Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
GOOD As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
GOOD What more could you ask for in a sequel?
GOOD Um filme de espioes para adultos.
FAIR By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
GOOD A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
BAD Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to NOT_mention if you NOT_care about who NOT_is in jeopardy.
GOOD Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that NOT_puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
GOOD Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
FAIR Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
GOOD At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
BAD The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
GOOD Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not NOT_better than their NOT_earlier films.
FAIR Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
FAIR 'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no NOT_le pida mas'
GOOD I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
GOOD Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
GOOD A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
GOOD Bourne es un antiheroe, un hombre incomodo en su rol, un sicario amnesico atormentado por sus demonios.
GOOD (T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
GOOD Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
BAD This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
FAIR A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
GOOD Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy."A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
FAIR Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
GOOD Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
GOOD A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
FAIR If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't NOT_expect NOT_much NOT_more than that.
FAIR On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
GOOD conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
GOOD Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
GOOD Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't NOT_be NOT_surprised if you NOT_leave the movie NOT_sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't NOT_even NOT_notice that Batman's appearances NOT_are NOT_being NOT_saved NOT_only for NOT_special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way.In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's NOT_minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no NOT_puedes NOT_dejar NOT_pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny.But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton.The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece.From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning.Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not NOT_think 100 minutes NOT_is an NOT_awfully NOT_long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no NOT_great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not NOT_too NOT_serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless.But his movie has no pep.It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the NOT_nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't NOT_so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't NOT_have a story that NOT_does justice to the production.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not NOT_go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role.Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it.He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase.The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen.He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie.Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
BAD Let's cast a lot of cute boys as the James/Younger gang.In between hold-ups, they can bicker about who's the cutest and, oh yeah, they can take their shirts off a lot.
FAIR Silly western revisits Jesse James.
BAD Never NOT_mind that it's NOT_already NOT_been NOT_done NOT_before and better; it's never NOT_been NOT_done this pretty.
BAD ...instantly forgettable.
BAD Setting new standards in historical inaccuracy.
BAD At its best, American Outlaws is absurd; at its worst, it's tedious and laughable.
BAD Marks the second time that O'Quinn has been in Young Guns and Dalton in The Rocketeer, leading me to conclude that I've wasted too much of my life watching terrible movies.
BAD The kind of film that will have you throwing your popcorn at the screen in disgust.
BAD A film that can best be described as the "dumb version" of Young Guns 2, American Outlaws ranks among the year's most entertainingly insipid movies.
BAD The boys are buff, puppyish and impeccably barbered, ridin' and robbin' and shootin' with the frisky glee of youngsters blowing off some steam.
FAIR It has enough cute cowboys, shoot-outs, and romance to remind us how much we've missed seeing westerns.
BAD it's all so neat and clean and noble that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_earn its NOT_dubious NOT_PG-13 rating
BAD Truly, those who do not NOT_remember NOT_Young Guns NOT_are NOT_condemned to NOT_remake it.
BAD It's the Wild West re-visited as a galloping, formulaic date movie.
BAD So lifeless that it's enough to turn the Generation Y demographic off to the western genre completely.
BAD Lazy storytelling at its worst, so disposable it is likely to be forgotten before it even reaches the end.
BAD It makes a viewer feel like an investor in one of the banks Jesse James hit.
BAD There's no NOT_escaping the NOT_hackneyed plot or Mayfield's conventional hand.
BAD So brainless it's a wonder it can find its own ending.
BAD This plot leaves ample room for viewers to sweat the small stuff, like whether Trevor Nunn's score is more Marines ad or deodorant commercial.
BAD A youth-oriented action romp with minimal interest in the classic myth or real-life history.
FAIR Entertains the way a summer matinee movie should, with an agreeable blend of romance, action, humor, and a likeable cast.
BAD As a western, American Outlaws is an utter failure.As the basis of a Mad TV parody, it is an unintentional hoot.
BAD It would need only a drug casualty to turn into Behind the Music: Jesse James.
BAD It's history be damned in this cartoonish version.
FAIR ...an agreeable companion piece to its admittedly superior predecessor.
FAIR Waking up in the aftermath of a meth-lab explosion might be less disorienting than watching this.And if you think there's no room for NOT_more, Neveldine/Taylor NOT_are NOT_probably a weekend and a bag of crack-filled Pixie Stix away from proving you wrong.
FAIR See this f%$&*ing movie, mate.
FAIR Both exhilarating and exhausting, it falls just short of a fever pitch.
GOOD Click for full review
BAD ...just as sloppily caffeinated as before, with an extra layer of scummy race jokes.
BAD The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is.
BAD Adrenaline-propelled and outrageously offensive, it's a cinematic video game that's neither NOT_coherent nor credible.
BAD Grisly, gory, over-the-top action-parody isn't for kids.
GOOD What you really get here is the same movie all over again -- only more so.
FAIR The directing and writing team of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have between them a boundless imagination, constantly topping one absurdly overstated moment with another, even more absurd.
BAD So gross, brutal and just plain bad that I may never NOT_want to NOT_see another Jason Statham movie.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage is a real celebration of the phrase "Why not?".It's big, loud and brainless - and it's all the more glorious for it.
BAD Crank: High Voltage, starring Jason Statham as a man with a machine instead of a heart, is boorish, bigoted and borderline pornographic.
BAD The movie feels like a form of aversion therapy designed to take the fun out of dumb.
FAIR Better not NOT_operate any NOT_heavy machinery after an eyeful of Crank: High Voltage
GOOD If someone was charged with creating a graphic, bizarre cartoon for adults, that someone might conceive of 'Crank 2: High Voltage,' one of the most insanely outrageous movies ever made.
BAD This Crank sequel fails to live up to the original in every way and that one didn't NOT_exactly NOT_set a NOT_high bar to NOT_begin with.
BAD Like its predecessor, Crank: High Voltage is speedball cinema, a pure narcotized rush of blistering action, odious stereotypes, and shock-for-shock's-sake nastiness.
BAD It's so amped up that High Voltage suffers its own energy shortage well before the finale.It's also every bit as stupid as it sounds.
FAIR Not everyone NOT_has a taste for NOT_gun-wielding strippers and Godzilla parodies, but for those who do, Crank High Voltage is like a 1,000-volt shot to the heart.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage promises something outrageous and then over-delivers, permanently deflowering and deforming the mind of anyone lucky enough to be in the audience.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough NOT_here for me to NOT_recommend it without reservations to anyone outside of that NOT_narrow target audience.
BAD This movie is Tarantino on speed, and without focus and style.It is in-your-face and proud of it with no apologies.
BAD For all its ADD editing, it's a joyless slog.
BAD William Blake may have once stated "The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" but I'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the "Crank" films, he might have had second thoughts about that.
FAIR It knows what it is, almost mindless and totally kick-arse.In fact, it's my favorite of the Crankporter flicks.
BAD Watching this movie is like trying to survive on Red Bull and Skittles.It might keep you up for a little bit, but before too long, you'll just want to throw up.
GOOD Imagine a gonzo collaboration between Jean-Luc Godard, Michael Bay and Tex Avery on a weekend meth binge, and you begin to get an idea of what writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brad Taylor have up their sleeves.
GOOD Crank High Voltage delivers everything it promises -- if it were a politician, it'd have my vote.
FAIR if you're 14 to 18, hopped up on hormones, fresh off your daily dose of Ritalin, and ready to have your short attention span verbally and visually assaulted, you'll be in for a toxic trip.
FAIR It is as much influenced by Looney Toons cartoons and Russ Meyer movies as it is by the anarchic new wave of action films.And it was edited, apparently, by someone with ADD.
FAIR Brash, outrageously inane and chaotically crafty, Crank 2: High Voltage is unapologetic in its sheer penchant for graphic-induced ribaldry as its charismatic calling card.
FAIR The Stath is pretty much the most bankable name in action movies today, and his unhinged work in High Voltage, indulging in an explosion of murder and mayhem with gusto and glee, should certainly see him retain that title.
BAD There are many things to make fun of here.
BAD From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
BAD The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
BAD Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure?You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
BAD One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
BAD There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
BAD The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never NOT_generates NOT_enough tension NOT_due to NOT_preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
BAD Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time.It's not NOT_merely bad; it's NOT_unpleasant in a NOT_hostile way.
BAD Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
BAD There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
BAD If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
BAD A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
BAD Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
BAD Blame this mess on Travolta.
BAD If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
BAD The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
BAD This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
BAD AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS!IT BURNS!
BAD Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
BAD It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
BAD finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
BAD Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
BAD O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
GOOD ...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
GOOD Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
GOOD A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilizacao da narrativa sao facilmente constataveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
FAIR The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
GOOD The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
FAIR The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
BAD The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
GOOD First-class entertainment.
FAIR ...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
GOOD fantastic
GOOD The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
GOOD The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
FAIR Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics.And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
GOOD The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not NOT_drown out the NOT_human interest.
GOOD the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
BAD The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
BAD [Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
FAIR The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
FAIR Marvelous!
GOOD The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
GOOD Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
GOOD Harry Potter's adventures in wizard-land are cozy and comfortable in Chris Columbus' faithful adaptation.
GOOD This faithful rendition of the inaugural Potter book demonstrates that the franchise is in safe, sensible hands.
FAIR Slow, but it establishes the myth, the cast and the look.And it's holding up surprisingly well.
FAIR Although it suffers nominally from being over-stuffed and under-paced, it's grand and involving, with magnificent production design and special effects, and some fabulous thesps present and correct.
GOOD First Potter movie is a magical ride but also intense.
GOOD a fantastic beginning
FAIR Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Zoe Wanamaker and Maggie Smith, to name but a few, all put in an appearance and it is these old hands who are the best aspect of the film.
FAIR Suffering from too much fantasy over too little reality, Sorcerer's Stone sets Harry Potter up for a longer and fruitful career as a screen legend.
FAIR Because the film is so glossy, so flippant in its presentation of the world that author J.K. Rowling has spent her sizable novels dissecting, that I still don't NOT_have a NOT_good idea what all the fuss NOT_is NOT_about.
GOOD Even though a few of the book's scenes have been cut, fans probably couldn't hope for a better adaptation.It bodes well for the rest of the series, when strong stories start taking precedence over set-up.
GOOD I couldn't find one mis-step, one wrong move, or one disappointment in the transition from print to celluloid.
GOOD The special effects aren't overwhelming and the ideas aren't too far-fetched, but the story will reel in just about anybody.
GOOD A sense of loss accompanied my appreciation of the movie.The images created by my own imagination...will now be changed forever.
FAIR Though generally overrated, it's a good start to what will undoubtedly become an epic film franchise.
BAD A Xerox copy of the book, and a copy is never NOT_as NOT_good as the original.
GOOD Full of well-designed atmospheric charm, full of wondrous, expensive effects and mediocre-at-best acting, full of media hype and holiday-season merchandising opportunities.
GOOD Surefire crowd-pleaser, with a terrific, note-perfect cast and impressive use of special effects.
FAIR Faithful to book, film conjures up magical moments for fans to savor.
FAIR A superior, well crafted blockbuster for the whole family, but it's nowhere near as extraordinary as the hype surrounding it.
GOOD Sorcerer's Stone is that rare effort that successfully breathes cinematic life into a children's classic.
GOOD An admirable spectacle, a real thriller for the kids and the kid in all of us, but ... straightforward and workmanlike.
FAIR As directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film with no personality of its NOT_own, despite NOT_being NOT_filled with NOT_many NOT_unforgettable personalities.
GOOD A parte tecnica de Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal e impecavel.
FAIR ...certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never NOT_soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination.
FAIR Great fun, even if it's not a NOT_particularly NOT_good movie.
BAD At no point NOT_does this dual-timeline setup NOT_ever NOT_feel like one NOT_unified project -- the aesthetics of NOT_mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
FAIR I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
GOOD The surprise isn't NOT_spectacular set pieces, NOT_first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast.It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
FAIR Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
GOOD Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
GOOD X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
FAIR It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
BAD The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
GOOD Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
GOOD The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
FAIR Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
GOOD Here's the thing about comic book heroes.Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression...The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
FAIR If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_as NOT_good as this genre film that NOT_is NOT_full of both grandeur and fun.
GOOD It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
GOOD ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
GOOD A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
FAIR Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't NOT_take itself NOT_too NOT_seriously, and neither should its audience.
BAD This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
FAIR Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
FAIR If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
BAD I cannot recommend the film to anyone not NOT_firmly NOT_grounded in X-MEN lore
FAIR With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
GOOD In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
GOOD It lives.It breathes.It has a sense of humor.It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
FAIR the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
FAIR The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
FAIR It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker.If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
GOOD That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
FAIR Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
GOOD Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
FAIR A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
FAIR A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one.Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
GOOD Modern anti-heroes.Criminals with heart.And these guys are stinkin' funny.
BAD Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug.My choice for the worst film of 2004.
FAIR ...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
FAIR It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
BAD Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
BAD All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
BAD (...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
GOOD I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
BAD Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na propria diversao do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridiculo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
FAIR 'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
GOOD En el universo de un ladron, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
FAIR All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
BAD Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never NOT_feels NOT_fully NOT_fleshed.
BAD designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never NOT_quite catches
FAIR ...the banter feels authentic...
FAIR More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
FAIR All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve isn't NOT_much NOT_better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
FAIR Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie?Sure they are, but it works again.
FAIR Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
FAIR That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
FAIR This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
FAIR Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
FAIR It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
FAIR Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
FAIR The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . .taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
FAIR Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun.And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
BAD Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
FAIR A bit of a mess.But a fun mess.Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter.An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
BAD Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
FAIR The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story.Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
FAIR Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
BAD While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure, this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest (or something like that.)
BAD Steve Conrad's script is a jumbled farce, misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no NOT_real relevance to the story.
GOOD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see, and there's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it.
FAIR Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original (something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did, much to Thurber's annoyance), and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining, glossily photographed, globe-trotting romp,
FAIR A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects.
FAIR Somehow, out of a no-win situation, Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains and also provides a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration.
FAIR A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism.
GOOD ...a superior comedy/drama that's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated.
BAD This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season.
FAIR Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment, an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber's literary work (adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye.)
FAIR Walter Mitty has a big heart, and I like it for that.But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall.
BAD The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level.
FAIR 'The Secret Life of Walter Mitty' is not the NOT_old James Thurber NOT_short story NOT_brought to the NOT_big screen.It's important to make that clear.
BAD Iceland deserves an apology: The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation's locations, which provide the film with its only moments of distinction.
GOOD "MItty" a Magical Tribute to the Possible
FAIR For Ben Stiller it's a case of one step forward, two steps back, with the funny man's ambitious move into Oscar territory never NOT_quite NOT_reaching its NOT_full potential, NOT_even though moments of brilliance NOT_do NOT_pop up NOT_now and again.
GOOD I seriously love this movie.
FAIR Stiller has aimed high, and even if he hasn't made it to the top, the view is still pretty good from where he ended up.
FAIR This flight of fancy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_offer the feel NOT_good lift it NOT_seems to NOT_be NOT_aiming for, NOT_perhaps because its structure NOT_dictates that Walter NOT_spends NOT_too NOT_much time NOT_alone, but that's not to NOT_criticise NOT_Stiller's film NOT_too harshly.
FAIR One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness, this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers.
FAIR Rarely NOT_rises above NOT_greeting NOT_card-level NOT_would-be NOT_inspirational banality.
FAIR The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms.Given the elusive nature of those terms, it is, however, hard to tell for certain.
BAD It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place, and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes, the real-life scenes just lose their luster.
FAIR It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller's Mitty.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one, each jostling for position, each disliking the other.They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own.
GOOD This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not NOT_close to James Thurber's charming, classic short story but has a charm of its own.
BAD A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program.
GOOD This is Stiller's piece de resistance.
GOOD It's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder.
FAIR The phrase 'a Walter Mitty character' looks set to outlast everyone's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump.
BAD The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life's hustle and bustle, but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" NOT_is (1) a NOT_terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to.The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" NOT_is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' NOT_is a cheerier film than NOT_'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie NOT_is NOT_lovely to NOT_look at; it NOT_just NOT_hasn't NOT_much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land NOT_is one NOT_sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor.Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't NOT_grow up NOT_comes off like a shrill, NOT_obnoxious NOT_little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't NOT_really NOT_care.They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land NOT_is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land NOT_is NOT_much NOT_more P.C. than the NOT_original version NOT_(no NOT_more NOT_racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind NOT_sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_top itself, NOT_knock us over or dazzle critics.And Return to Never Land NOT_doesn't NOT_even NOT_try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR An absolutely absurd action extravaganza.It's doubly crazy, chaotic and all kinds of ridiculous fun.
BAD 'Machete Kills' is 'Spy Kids' Meets 'Moonraker'... with Blood.Machete Cortez is back... and so over-the-top, he literally floats away.
BAD An interminable bore.
BAD Guns and explosions aren't that exciting when the plot hasn't sucked you in, and lacking the imaginative, spunky spirit of the original, Machete Kills just feels so much more laboured.
BAD It's a questionable gig that may become an endearing one by 'Machete X: Machete Goes Hawaii.'
FAIR Loud, fun, ultra-violent sequel to Machete, with unsmiling crater-faced Danny Trejo as the Mexican hero slashing and slaughtering his way to justice.Director Robert Rodriguez does what all good, trashy sequels do, which is to deliver more of the same.
FAIR Multi-tasker Robert Rodriguez sequelises his Machete, originally a joke trailer in Grindhouse, and manages one of his most messy and (even for this sort of nonsense) ludicrous efforts.
FAIR Uncompromised in its goofy cartoon vision of an insane world that doesn't NOT_realize it's NOT_reached a state of NOT_post-apocalypse, NOT_even though the bombs NOT_have NOT_yet to NOT_fall.
BAD Machete don't text, but he does seem to have jumped a shark.The first film was great fun, but Machete Kills seems to have misunderstood its own joke.
FAIR Machete was arguably Rodriguez's best movie, but MACHETE KILLS -- while still passable -- comes nowhere close.
BAD Over the top in every area and making good actors look bad at every turn.
BAD The market has well and truly rejected the Machete franchise, as if it were salted toothpaste or phlegm-flavoured soda.
FAIR For those who enjoyed the surprise TV hit 'Sharknado' this summer and/or the original 'Machete,' here's 'Machete Kills,' a parody of old-time drive-in and generally sleazy movies that's a sequel to 'Machete' from a few years back.
BAD An obvious improvement over its virtually unwatchable predecessor...
BAD The film is often very funny, even though the pacing is extremely slack, wasting far too much time with pointless exposition and misogynistic smirking.
BAD Trivial and tedious...enough already!
FAIR If you liked the first film, chances are you'll have a good time with this one.(If you sit through the new Romeo & Juliet remake, it's easy to mistake Machete Kills for genius.)
BAD Machete does, indeed, kill.This time around, he also sucks.
BAD Machete Kills is a film in which style sardonically routs substance, a cloying gag built around the iconic quality of Trejo's matchlessly craggy face, which resembles a plate of sundried corned beef.
GOOD Basically, take a Screwy Squirrel cartoon, and replace the titular rodent with a unfailingly snarling Mexican.
BAD Not NOT_funny NOT_enough to NOT_be a comedy, NOT_not NOT_weighty NOT_enough to NOT_be a NOT_real B-movie thriller ...
BAD This ignores the first rule of proper B-movie exploitation cinema - that anything over 89 minutes is just excess baggage, of which Machete Kills has plenty.Still, at least it's authentic in one respect - the trailer is better than the film.
BAD Rodriguez seems to forget what the actual joke is behind the Machete franchise.
BAD Dull where it should be demented and reluctant when it should be raw.
BAD Of course Machete Kills is supposed to be "bad," but it's also supposed to be entertainingly dumb and loony - which is where it falls short.
BAD It's unfair to say Machete Kills is boring and stupid, but it flirts with both of those adjectives far too often to be considered a good movie.
BAD This movie skips the grindhouse era and goes straight for the meth house dynamic.
BAD Machete Kills plays like a joke that's been told a few times too often.
BAD The mind boggles, the stomach turns and the heart sinks.You have been warned.
BAD A self-aware exploitation picture that winks as it picks your pocket.
BAD When a celebrity chef like Rodriguez is just going through the motions, we can smell that the grindhouse fad is way past its expiration date.It's time to put a fork in it.
FAIR The decision to put a trailer for Machete Kills Again... in Space! at the beginning of the film might have been a mistake since that looks better than this one.
BAD Endless assault weapons, exploding helicopters, crashing cars and floors splattered with blood, limbs and entrails, all adding up to nothing.
BAD Machete kills, sure.Unfortunately, he overkills.
BAD Just don't NOT_expect a classic of American NOT_independent cinema.
BAD Machete Kills aims for 'so bad, it's good', but ends up just plain bad.
GOOD I found it to be an improvement over the original.The energy is higher, the action is crazier, and the humor is more evident.I had a hell of a good time with this.
FAIR It's not a NOT_bad story NOT_as NOT_far as it goes, and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... [but] no story, no matter how NOT_NOT_interesting, can't NOT_NOT_do without a NOT_NOT_little bit of the Hollywood treatment, and "The Hunting Party" suffers that in spades.
FAIR Features some truly outrageous events....But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
BAD There are a lot of movies that don't NOT_deliver on their promise.The Hunting Party is one of them.It's a disheartening disappointment.
GOOD Tense, funny, disturbing and touching from moment one.
FAIR The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending, leaving a lot of filler in the middle.
FAIR Gere has so much fun in his role it's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts.
BAD a very poor man's Three Kings, minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads.
BAD The magazine piece was convoluted at best, and writer-director Richard Shepard doesn't NOT_make things NOT_much clearer.
BAD Although the film initially plays like breezy fun, it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone.
GOOD ...the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that hasn't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone.
FAIR Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness, Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism.
BAD By the time the end credits roll, you're still not NOT_sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be, NOT_other than NOT_just NOT_queasy.
GOOD Writer-director Richard Shepard's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down.
BAD It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down.
BAD The Hunting Party is a complete bust, but the ways in which it fails are interesting.
BAD Set in postwar Bosnia, The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent.
FAIR The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film's vein of bleak humor refreshing.
FAIR ...it does make room for the latest, loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere's career.
BAD The Hunting Party has good aim, but just misses.
BAD When something seems too bizarre to be true, that's generally how it plays onscreen.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly 'normal' people doing seriously insane stuff.
FAIR On paper, there's no way that The Hunting Party should work.But onscreen, it defies the odds.
GOOD A spry, surprising and intelligent comedy.
FAIR If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy, any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor.
BAD The movie, based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation's most notorious war criminal, goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible.
FAIR It's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all; without them, The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot.
FAIR Immersed in cynicism and dark humour, this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters.
BAD wants to cover a lot of ground, but shortchanges most of it.
FAIR A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters, highlighting the absurdity of war.
FAIR Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
GOOD All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film's opening disclaimer: "Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true."
GOOD The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands.
FAIR ...plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda, with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
FAIR "Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
FAIR Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
BAD Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game.Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted.Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
BAD This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles.The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
BAD ...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
BAD The movie feels mediocre.It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
BAD Pijesak vremena nije film koji &#263;e gledateljima dugo ostati u sje&#263;anju, to i ne mora automatski zna&#269;iti da je lo
BAD All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure).[Blu-ray]
FAIR While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, NOT_it's NOT_also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of.My kids loved it.
FAIR The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
BAD Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
BAD Cliquez pour lire la critique...
FAIR It isn't that the film NOT_is NOT_bad, NOT_it's NOT_just that it's NOT_so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
BAD The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
BAD And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies?Yeesh.
BAD Hay en esta version cinematografica del video juego cierto espiritu clasico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones.Solo que El Principe de Persia dificilmente se convierta
BAD Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
FAIR Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
FAIR ... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
BAD I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters.Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
BAD Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
BAD Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal.Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
FAIR So comeca a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu obvio subtexto (politico) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridiculos personagens.
FAIR It plays too much like a video game.
BAD Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
BAD I don't NOT_understand how a film with a budget NOT_exceeding $150 million could NOT_only NOT_have NOT_mediocre NOT_special effects.
FAIR Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
FAIR It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot.Luckily, that doesn't NOT_happen NOT_too often.
BAD its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
FAIR Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
FAIR Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers.A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
BAD "Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
FAIR The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
FAIR Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times.Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not NOT_provide anything NOT_more than NOT_gaudy panoramas of a NOT_tropical palace to NOT_fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
FAIR You're so busy enjoying the sound and picture quality that you're inclined to forgive the film's missteps.
FAIR Thunderous, metallic, ominous, screeching sound effects add to the sensory perception that you're watching a megaton monster barreling toward a dramatic showdown.
FAIR This sort of thing by design devolves into two guys talking on a phone, which if it's got any chance of working requires strong actors to bring their characters to life.Which is probably where Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 succeeds best.
FAIR The fourth (and least effective) collaboration between Denzel Washington and Tony Scott...
FAIR When logic subsides, as alas it does, it is the sheer force of Washington's intensity and Travolta's elan that keeps the film on, ahem, track
FAIR If the trademark Scott gloss serves as a superficial hook, his also-adept manner of building tension and suspense then keeps one interested.
BAD It would be impossible to make a completely dull film of Godey's story, but Scott has succeeded in reducing it to an empty, mechanical spectacle.
FAIR Solid performances can't lift this picture above its own mediocrity, however.The plot is formulaic ... and the ending obvious.
BAD In yet another blander-than-bland remake of a classic film, flash-over-substance specialist Tony Scott takes Joseph Sargent's taut, 1974 action-thriller and processes it through the multiplex mulching machine.
BAD There was a reality to [the original film] that I think is missing from this.
FAIR If you've never NOT_seen the NOT_original, the NOT_new NOT_Taking of Pelham 123 will NOT_probably NOT_come across as an NOT_okay thriller, but if you have seen the original it's clear evidence as to why the movies aren't as good as they used to be.
FAIR Mechanical and unspirited, this is just another goddam remake, as they might say in the Big Apple.
FAIR When all is said and done, The Taking of Pelham 123 is a reliable, if unremarkable thriller that delivers what it must, and doesn't NOT_waste a moment NOT_doing so.
BAD Packed with enough rap music, nauseating camera jerks, speed shifts and freeze frames to almost, so nearly, convince us something interesting is occurring on screen.
FAIR Ultimately, this is not a NOT_great train-robbery film -- but hey, in the whole scheme of things, it's not a NOT_bad one, either.
FAIR Stays on track as an entertaining-enough suspense thriller featuring fine performances by Denzel Washington, John Travolta and James Gandolfini.
FAIR [It's]a popcorn movie, nothing more and nothing less.
FAIR Unlike Sargent, who trusted his story to provide the fireworks, Scott resorts to gimmicks: choppy editing, speeded-up footage that segues inexplicably into slo-mo, and pointless explosions of noise.Sometimes, less really is more.
BAD All sound and fury, devoid of any relevance or resonance.
FAIR This is a post-9/11 city: terrorism is suspected, the cops are over-armed and trigger happy.Why they don't NOT_shoot Ryder when they could NOT_is NOT_unexplained.
BAD Scott's style, all staccato edits and blurry panic, pays off in a few minor scenes, though it's a pity a sub-plot traffic accident has more impact than the main event.
BAD 'The Taking of Pelham 123' is not a NOT_bad film: it's NOT_ponderous and shallow, but always watchable.But what it crucially fails to do, especially in the light of its illustrious predecessor, is justify its own existence.
BAD Featuring good work from the dependable Denzel, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is hampered by hyper-kinetic visuals from Scott, an over-zealous turn from Travolta and a thoughtless script from Brian Helgeland.
FAIR The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is not a disaster by any means.For most of its running time, it's a slick, well-crafted piece of entertainment.But you can't help wondering just how good it might have been in the hands of a less self-advertising director.
FAIR Head-bangingly hyperactive as ever, action maestro Tony Scott appears to have upped his caffeine intake for this unexpectedly entertaining remake.
BAD The 2009 version, perhaps like New York itself, is flashier and far less gritty.The camerawork is busier, the effects are expensive, the colours louder.The soundtrack, a bastard mix of rocky techno and crude drum 'n' bass, recalls a car ad from 1996.
BAD Juvenile, hyperactive, obstreperous and obnoxious.
FAIR Scott does like his bells and whistles, substituting those for real atmosphere and sense of place.Fortunately that's not NOT_enough to NOT_completely NOT_wreck a serviceable thriller.
FAIR Now that all the summer's blockbusters have shot their load, there could be room in the market for this solidly entertaining thriller remake.But your life would hardly NOT_be NOT_impoverished if you NOT_skipped it.
FAIR The year's most surprisingly enjoyable pulse-racer.
FAIR For a good hour, Scott delivers a tense cat-and-mouser.Goes off track when Denzel turns action hero, but his riffing with a sinister Trav is what propels this Pelham.
FAIR The film thrills like a super-saturated fairground ride, but Scott ducks the question of post -9/11 terror, and fails to deliver on a metaphorical level.
FAIR It moves along at a decent pace but I'd have liked something more - but what exactly, I can't quite put my finger on.
FAIR The Taking Of Pelham 123 may not NOT_be up NOT_there with his NOT_best, but it's professional, fast-moving and holds the interest.It will pay a few bills, which is the only reason it exists.
GOOD Tony Scott has made a film that, for sheer fun and breathless tension, leaves the summer's other actioners parked in the sidings.
BAD There are shadows on top of shadows.It's the film noir universe, all right.What does the title refer to?Perhaps to what you will enjoy during the film.
BAD Well-directed with exquisite visuals, but suffers from an often dull, convoluted and confusing plot as well as too much style over substance.
BAD Easy on the eyes but brutal on the ears, The Perfect Sleep fuses Shakespearean tragedy and noir iconography into a strange, lovely, leaden ball of confusion.
BAD The disjointed story is no NOT_more NOT_comprehensible than The Big Sleep.Though Alter is no Howard Hawks and Pardoe and Sanchez are no Bogie and Bacall, this movie looks great.You won't nap through The NOT_Perfect Sleep.
FAIR Alter's film is a rare pleasure.
BAD The Perfect Sleep is an empty homage to a bygone genre.
BAD Style significantly trumps substance in The Perfect Sleep, a good-looking but convoluted homage to film noir, Russian literature and Shakespearean tragedy, among a few too many other things.
FAIR An undeniably odd mixture of 80% noir, 15% action, and 5% random homage.I dug it.
BAD The well-chosen supporting cast also deliver with especially sharp turns from Sanchez, Bauchau and Amendola who act this script as if it were Shakespeare.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no NOT_easy watching to NOT_be NOT_gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
FAIR A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
GOOD Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
GOOD Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
GOOD Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience.Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
GOOD ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
GOOD Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
GOOD Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not NOT_just because it's NOT_emotionally NOT_rich, but because it doesn't NOT_treat the MMA sport like a joke.
GOOD Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't NOT_want either fighter to lose.
FAIR One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
FAIR In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not NOT_wanted on this NOT_two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
FAIR Not NOT_far NOT_removed from its NOT_true-to-life counterpart 'The NOT_Fighter,' NOT_'Warrior' NOT_is about two men who NOT_decide to NOT_enter a NOT_mixed NOT_martial arts competition for two NOT_very NOT_different reasons.
GOOD A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
BAD This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
BAD Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't NOT_seem like NOT_such a pipe dream anymore.
GOOD Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
GOOD Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never NOT_submitting to life's beat downs.
FAIR Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
BAD Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
GOOD The film's great achievement is not in the way it NOT_manages to NOT_drop us NOT_suitably NOT_wimpy audience members NOT_right into a NOT_good ol' NOT_fashioned NOT_no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
GOOD A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
FAIR Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
FAIR Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
GOOD easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
FAIR Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing.Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
FAIR Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering.Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
FAIR Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
BAD Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
FAIR Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
GOOD Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
FAIR Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
FAIR Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not NOT_forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton NOT_makes an NOT_implausible character believeable.
GOOD Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
GOOD A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
FAIR This doesn't pack a punch like 'The NOT_Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
FAIR The point here is not the triumph of some NOT_hypothetical NOT_good guy; the point NOT_is the NOT_beating out of brains
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes.O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
BAD ...at least his robot butler was cool... at least cool for 1978.
BAD Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
FAIR If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
BAD Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not NOT_so NOT_much as NOT_engaging drama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
FAIR The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not NOT_always NOT_perfectly sharp.
FAIR The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
FAIR confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to NOT_know anything
FAIR This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
FAIR Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never NOT_properly NOT_feel the NOT_emotional punch.
FAIR If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't NOT_really NOT_need to NOT_see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
FAIR Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
FAIR A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
GOOD Nao ha como negar que os grandes viloes de Jogo de Poder nao se encontram no Afeganistao ou no NOT_NOT_Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
FAIR The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
BAD A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
GOOD It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
GOOD Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
BAD There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not NOT_allow me to NOT_recount them here.Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
GOOD Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
FAIR An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
BAD It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
FAIR The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
GOOD An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
FAIR Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
GOOD A fine political thriller.
FAIR Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
FAIR An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the cliches of the genre.
GOOD While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
BAD It's never NOT_clear whether Sean Penn NOT_is NOT_aware NOT_just how NOT_annoying his character NOT_is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
GOOD Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect.Great star turns, too.
FAIR In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
BAD ...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
GOOD Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human.A Great Political Flick
BAD An example of op-ed cinema.That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
FAIR A docudrama about a historic event that happened not NOT_long ago, NOT_'Fair Game' NOT_is the story NOT_not NOT_only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
FAIR An exceptional drama.
GOOD ...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
FAIR Respectable but rather soggy.
BAD If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
FAIR The movie looks great, with a moody use of shadows and darkness and dreary, lowdown locations.
BAD A stale adaptation of the classic Frank Miller comic.The film drowns in bad voice work and lacks the visual nuances found in the original story.
FAIR Batman: Year One adapts Frank Miller's tale with excellent animation and first-rate voice work from a talented cast, finding a nice balance between human moments and exciting action sequences.
FAIR Another 1990s domestic parable chastising workaholic dads, The River Wild also functions as a gorgeous travelogue and a Meryl Streep action film.
FAIR A buff Streep vs. bad guy Bacon on a wild river journey in which good acting overcomes several cliches.
FAIR corny but gripping
BAD Terrible "suspense" movie.Predictable and no action until the end.
GOOD It looks like an action movie, sounds like an action movie, but there's a lot more going on here.
FAIR The title promises more than the film delivers.
BAD Constructed from so many ideas, characters and situations recycled from other movies that all the way down the river I kept thinking: Been there.Done that.
FAIR The thriller framework is still familiar, but the results exhibit a welcome freshness.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
FAIR An almost prototypical example of a straight-to-video actioner...
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
GOOD One of the better Bonds; lots of cartoonish violence.
FAIR This is a nice, safe, Bond movie that is trying to please the masses.And it does work as a crowd pleaser.Not among the best Bond, but a solid debut for Brosnan and a worthy entry in the series.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_completely NOT_lay Bond's NOT_psychological complexities NOT_naked, NOT_cold and bare.But "GoldenEye" can hardly NOT_be NOT_faulted for NOT_occasional concessions to NOT_casual entertainment - NOT_especially with a NOT_superior villain, NOT_taut action and an all-time Bond girl.
GOOD A smash hit that brought Bond back to life in a great big enjoyable way.
FAIR Se acerta ao trazer um Bond mais amadurecido, amargurado e auto-consciente, peca terrivelmente por elementos que beiram o trash, como alguns efeitos visuais pavorosos e uma atuacao sensual, mas absurda, de Janssen.
GOOD This is the best bond movie since On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
FAIR Lean, dark and graceful, Brosnan wraps his perfectly calculated accent around all the standard phrases without making us hear quotation marks.
GOOD Fast and light.
GOOD Pierce is fantastic
FAIR ...a solid, sporadically electrifying entry in this ongoing series.
FAIR It's only slightly better than the movies of the last fifteen years or so, but that alone makes it worth seeing.License to Kill was so absolutely horrid, that I'm relieved to see an upswing.
FAIR Execs at MGM/UA can rest easy: the Bond franchise has been successfully salvaged.
BAD Instead of continuing as a comedy of thrills, Goldeneye rapidly disintegrates into an endless series of gratuitous explosions and suspense-free motor vehicle chases, each one louder and less interesting than its predecessor.
FAIR Pierce Brosnan turns in a fine performance, establishing himself as a fine heir to the Bond throne.The plotting isn't NOT_as NOT_solid as in the NOT_best Bond films, but this is still a good time.
BAD If we apply high standards we expect from classic Bond films, Goldeneye is a failure.
FAIR Supercharged with spectacular, thundering, brain-numbing fun.
BAD They have given James a new car here, but it's the same old vanity plate, the one that should read: Je Me Souviens.
GOOD A bold attempt to reinvent the character itself, one that tied in with the post-cold war era.
FAIR traditional enough to leave 007's character alone, but intelligent enough to deal with the fact that he is in new surroundings
BAD A reasonable facsimile more than any kind of original, and it's hard not to NOT_feel a NOT_certain weariness while NOT_watching it unfold.
FAIR It is Bond's encounters with various villains and his romantic interest -- and all those wild stunts -- that fans pay to see.And they won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Perhaps the best entry in the series since The Spy Who Loved Me.
FAIR Brosnan uses them well, slipping comfortably into the role of Bond.It's just unfortunate that his debut film couldn't have been more interesting.
FAIR Watching the film, I got caught up in the special effects and the neat stunts, and I observed with a certain satisfaction Bond's belated entry into a more modern world.
GOOD ...an eye and ear-pleasing, action-packed entry in the Bond series
FAIR It is every inch a James Bond story.
FAIR The exotic settings, fight scenes, and car chases are also good, and the supporting cast is admirable.
GOOD It's BS -- Babes and Stunts -- and that's where GoldenEye excels.
FAIR Goldeneye does not disappoint.
GOOD As stylish and sophisticated as ever.
BAD This is the first picture in the series that feels inert.
BAD Time to hang up the boxing gloves, ol' Rocky.
GOOD For the most part, the Rocky pictures have been outstanding entertainments, beautifully crafted and executed, and Rocky V is an important and worthwhile addition to the series.
FAIR Much-maligned but sporadically effective...
FAIR Goes the distance as a parable about what is really means to have heart.
FAIR A sloppy but good-natured reminder of just what it is that has kept Rocky Balboa afloat for 14 years.
BAD They should-a stopped at IV.
BAD Like watching some favourite relative die, Stallone subjects the viewer to a miserable and pathetic end for such an enduring character.
BAD Even Stallone seems to be sleepier than usual here.
BAD Third World Cop shows that Hollywood hackdom isn't that NOT_far NOT_removed from NOT_independent (and foreign) digital video posturing.
BAD ...proof that not NOT_just the Americans NOT_are NOT_capable of NOT_churning out NOT_cliched action flicks.
FAIR Best enjoyed as a sample of the state of the art circa 1925, not as a NOT_timeless masterpiece.
FAIR Yes, you'll also find the chariot race in here, and you may even find it as exciting or more exciting than the one Heston enacted.
FAIR Hokey by today's standards, but one of the greatest silent film spectacles.
GOOD Has merits not NOT_found in William Wyler's Oscar-laden 1959 remake.
BAD Battle in Seattle is a childish, ineffectively manipulative piece of self-serious agitprop about the four-day World Trade Organization meetings in 1999.
BAD Actor-turned-filmmaker Stuart Townsend would have been better off keeping things on a more modest scale.There are just too many characters here.
FAIR This is a powerful, wrenching and impressive writing and directing debut for the talented actor, definitely now a triple showbiz threat.
FAIR If current events hold, Battle in Seattle could look like prophecy as well as history.
FAIR The issue deserves a better sounding board than this.
BAD There is a monster in Battle in Seattle, but it never NOT_speaks and remains mysterious.
BAD Actor-turned writer-director Stuart Townsend makes great use of the documentary footage of the '99 Seattle WTO riots.And he gets across his talking points about this shadowy outfit, too.It's a shame his script and all his actor friends get in the way.
FAIR Very ambitious, the story constantly jumps back and forth, trying to give both sides of the story.I'll say it's mostly successful.
FAIR Braiding brief snippets of these automatically suspenseful storylines with archival video footage of the actual event, Townsend makes a good point that the thing just got away from all involved.
BAD It's easy to see why Townsend was attracted to this inherently dramatic situation, but the characters he's put on screen feel less like real people than like entities created to either make plot points or stand in for specific positions.
FAIR The film's default position is to always fall back on anti-capitalist rhetoric whenever dialogue and drama grow too banal.
BAD The chief culprits are Townsend's TV-movie characterizations and a very muddled message.
FAIR The result is not NOT_quite a documentary and not NOT_quite a drama, but interesting all the same.
BAD Cinema verite' filmed in an unabashedly one-sided, pro-demonstrator mode, this film fails to make the grade as either hard hitting documentary or staged narrative fiction
FAIR What the film lacks in artistry it makes up for in commitment.
BAD So measured and fair-minded that all the drama gets sucked out of it.
BAD The characters in Battle in Seattle are often crudely drawn, and the able actors struggle with canned lines.
BAD For all its speeches and scary graphics, Townsend's script fails to make it clear why we should care today.
BAD Less notable is the soap-ish plot, which leans heavily on coincidence and melodrama.
BAD It's like a class play by the Students for a Democratic Society.
BAD Boiled down to its minerals, Battle in Seattle feels a lot more like The Poseidon Adventure (1972) than a thorough examination of the moment.
BAD But a drama is only as convincing as its characters.The people awkwardly forced together in Battle in Seattle are rhetorical mouthpieces tied to the sketchy plotlines of a so-so Hollywood ensemble movie.
BAD puppet characters spout pabulum and orate to the skies
BAD ... will leave you slightly better informed than two hours spent staring at a wall.
FAIR Political ensemble drama is provocative, preachy.
FAIR A tense debut about the need for stern yet peaceful action when so many global frustrations are already primed to blow.
FAIR Three cheers for this prophetic political film about activists willing to take a stand against rich and powerful multinational corporations.
FAIR An ambitious directorial debut from Irish actor Stuart Townsend that does an impressive job recreating the 1999 protests that accompanied the World Trade Organization's arrival in Seattle.
BAD Fictionalized drama frustrates, rather than facilitates, understanding about the 1999 World Trade Organization (WTO) protests in Battle to Seattle.
FAIR Spy thriller mixes nonstop violence with pro-family message.
FAIR It's Ford and Patriot Games that made Jack Ryan a top-notch action hero and not NOT_just a NOT_capable CIA nerd.
FAIR Ford gives one of his most commanding performances outside of a Lucas production, establishing an action formula Ford would repeat...[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Not NOT_bad.Pretty intense ending.
FAIR E sempre bom ver um filme de acao que se preocupa em desenvolver seus personagens.
FAIR It ain't exactly saving the world, but Patriot Games's earnestness belies its ultimate simplicity and smallness.
GOOD Great Tom Clancy adaptation
FAIR Enjoyable thriller that has Jack Ryan (Harrison Ford) going head to head with terrorists.
FAIR I expected this one to be a little more cerebral and without the Indiana Jones ending.
FAIR An enjoyable, tense and sometimes stylish action film, but lacks the depth of characterization and technical proficiency that made Hunt a superior work.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never NOT_far from NOT_redoubtable NOT_moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland.Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't NOT_too NOT_serious to NOT_throw in an NOT_occasional gag.Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
GOOD The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
GOOD Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours.The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels.Down time doesn't NOT_exist in this film.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
GOOD The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all.It transcends the genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
GOOD Does it match the hype?Yes.
GOOD At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
GOOD Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
GOOD If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
GOOD Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events.Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
GOOD [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
GOOD Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not NOT_here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
GOOD The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
GOOD It's not NOT_just the NOT_best Batman film ever.It's not NOT_just the NOT_best superhero movie ever.It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in.The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
GOOD a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
GOOD Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
GOOD It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves.Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel.By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
GOOD The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
GOOD Visceral and terrifying.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
GOOD Even if this wasn't Ledger's NOT_final role before his NOT_untimely death NOT_last year, his Joker would NOT_still NOT_go NOT_down in cinema history as one of the NOT_most NOT_creepily NOT_unhinged NOT_big-screen NOT_bad guys of all time.
GOOD More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
GOOD You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start.In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
GOOD Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
GOOD Bring on part three.
GOOD To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value.Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
GOOD Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
GOOD In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
GOOD It not NOT_only NOT_surpasses Batman Begins - NOT_previously NOT_considered the NOT_high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept.11 film.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't NOT_really NOT_matter that NOT_much as this NOT_is NOT_really a vehicle for the NOT_amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never NOT_seems NOT_hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative.Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never NOT_equaled, NOT_"Crouching Tiger" soars because it NOT_showcases culture NOT_as NOT_much as cutting-edge martial arts.Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't NOT_disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" NOT_has NOT_such a NOT_cinematic masterpiece NOT_been NOT_caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures.With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths.But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_beautiful movie - and certainly no NOT_more NOT_majestic film NOT_has NOT_yet NOT_been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not NOT_find a NOT_more NOT_magnificent dragon.It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas.Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood?First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never NOT_allowed to NOT_really NOT_get NOT_angry with the kids, which NOT_severely NOT_hampers the NOT_comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film.Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel.I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's NOT_major events NOT_are NOT_very NOT_funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a NOT_great film, but it'll do.Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the NOT_worst part of this NOT_disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't NOT_pack the NOT_same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer.That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't NOT_be NOT_funny in NOT_small doses NOT_drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet?The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never NOT_passes up an opportunity to NOT_insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists.Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR ... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way.The diversions are kind of where it's at.
FAIR While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one NOT_is NOT_making NOT_iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
BAD Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
FAIR Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never NOT_completed his shooting script...But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
FAIR For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
GOOD Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
BAD There's no doubt that Anderson NOT_is an NOT_inventive filmmaker NOT_bursting with ideas.The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
FAIR Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
BAD Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
GOOD Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't.It works for me beautifully...
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
FAIR The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best.In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
FAIR magnificent display of talents not NOT_weaved into NOT_coherent story
GOOD Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
FAIR There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
BAD Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
FAIR Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecitta like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath.He makes one hell of a splash.
GOOD Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
GOOD Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
FAIR Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many.On this evidence, he's not NOT_quite NOT_there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
GOOD Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
GOOD The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
BAD Well, this is a painful review to write.The film is a mess.The really odd occurrences are just that...odd.They have no resonance.
BAD There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
BAD I really don't NOT_know what to NOT_make of this movie, NOT_other than to NOT_say that it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_least NOT_impressive addition to Anderson's filmography NOT_so far.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever.It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again.But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD Extremely violent, extremely preposterous, extremely entertaining, The Matrix succeeds at two extremely difficult tasks: as a vast, exciting virtual-reality movie and as a defibrillator for Keanu Reeves' big screen career.
GOOD The Matrix is a movie experience like no NOT_other, and experience is what it's all about.It explodes with dazzling visuals and a transcendent sense of excitement.
GOOD Thematically complex, yet intelligently integrating eastern philosophy, Lewis Carroll and ancient mysticism.
GOOD Writer/director siblings the Wachowskis have gone further with the action genre than you'd have ever thought possible.
FAIR The Wachowskis and cinematographer Bill Pope take advantage of currently available technical trickery to create visually distinct levels of reality while setting high-speed cameras in motion to make the action sequences particularly dynamic and fluid.
GOOD Intense, but many teens will be able to handle it.
FAIR Exemplifies the idea that a sufficiently cool outcome justifies all of the tortured narrative it takes to get there.
FAIR The original Matrix stands perfectly well on its own, despite the fact that the filmmakers went on with second and third episodes.
GOOD Dimension-hopping has never NOT_been NOT_so NOT_exhilarating and breathlessly lyrical as brilliant visuals and bracing Hong Kong action stunts punch through lengthy streams of technobabble.
FAIR The paranoid details of the premise are thoroughly worked out; the characters and motives, much less so.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying that fact that the Wachowski Brothers NOT_have NOT_amazing imagination and vision.They direct the film with non-stop style and imbue each scene with enough eye-candy to make you stop noticing the gaping plot holes and lapses in logic.
FAIR An inventive science fiction idea that rivals the brilliant thinking behind such movies from last year as Dark City and The Truman Show.
GOOD It's incredible.
GOOD If you're curious where the next generation of auteurs is coming from, look in the art houses and look in The Matrix.
GOOD As Morpheus says, "The Matrix is everywhere."
GOOD All I can say is wow.
GOOD 'The Matrix grabs you by the eyeballs, hypnotizes you into a state of visual ecstasy, and doesn't NOT_much care if your brain NOT_is NOT_following or not.'
GOOD A terrifically entertaining and satisfying production.
FAIR This film is triumph of style over substance.
FAIR The problem with The Matrix is that the enormously talented Wachowski brothers think their playful premise has metaphysical implications.
GOOD The story is so smart and full of surprises, you may begin to wonder what the Super Mario Brothers would have been like if they had used their brains to save the day.
FAIR For those who have been waiting for movies to catch up with the graphic possibilities of comic books, wait no NOT_longer: The Matrix NOT_is among NOT_us.
GOOD Almost untenably cool, but beneath the sheen there's substance.
FAIR The imagery in the first hour of The Matrix is astounding.
GOOD Revolutionary sci-fi fable pits kung fu against evil robots.
GOOD If there has to be a quintessential film for the end of the millennium, this is it.
GOOD An ambitious, perception-bending metaphor for life at the end of the 20th century.It doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_sense, but it seems to make sense, which is the key thing in science fiction.
GOOD Una fotografia interesante, un guion inteligente, actuaciones convincentes, una historia trepidante, un soundtrack fuerte y bien realizado
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles.Actions, not ideas.And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics.Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela".Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events."It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
FAIR ...a hopelessly uneven endeavor that's consistently buoyed by Freeman's mere presence...
BAD The sadness created by this film could be cured only by its quick descent in well-deserved oblivion.
BAD sloppy, lazy, and unable to keep up with its own con.
BAD Don't NOT_let the NOT_big names NOT_fool you: The Code NOT_is NOT_limp NOT_enough a thriller to NOT_deserve the NOT_direct-to-video treatment it's received.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT NOT_wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults.Maybe even another 'Babe'.Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults.Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter.Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una NOT_gran pelicula ni NOT_seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de NOT_esparcimiento NOT_familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't NOT_be NOT_garnering NOT_many NOT_devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties.Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't NOT_dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious.It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid.It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't NOT_get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the NOT_worst idea.Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt NOT_be NOT_cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough.But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child.But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't NOT_have what it NOT_takes to NOT_be a NOT_huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not NOT_charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
GOOD There is a charm and vitality to Raiders of the Ark, which Spielberg later admitted was "the first movie where I actually shot the movie without thinking".
GOOD Hold on tight, because it starts at full throttle and never NOT_lets up.
GOOD Yes, it's as entertaining as you have heard.Maybe more so.Raiders of the Lost Ark is, in fact, about as entertaining as a commercial movie can be.
GOOD impossibly good
GOOD As action adventure goes, it's about the best there is.
GOOD Steven Spielberg's rollicking adventure yarn still looks buoyant and dashing after 30 years.
GOOD The boulder has never NOT_looked bigger, the guns NOT_have NOT_never NOT_sounded NOT_louder and Indy's whip has never NOT_cracked NOT_sharper than they NOT_do here.
GOOD If Lucas is Raiders' guts and Kasdan its head, then Spielberg is its beating heart.Little wonder Part IV is still on the cards.
GOOD Raiders is a classic and repeated viewings, especially when presented properly on the big screen, only reinforce this further.
GOOD Breathtakingly efficient, immaculately constructed...This is the ne plus ultra of blockbuster filmmaking.
GOOD It is the classic film [by] Lucas, Spielberg...back before they were replaced by automatons put here by aliens.
GOOD Indy's first adventure is a rip-roaring action masterpiece.
GOOD Justifiably one of the most indelible adventure films in cinematic history...
FAIR It's the perfect vacation-time movie: not a NOT_serious moment in its NOT_whole two hours but so crammed with laughter, thrills and cinematic sleight of hand that audiences will be sorry when it's over.
GOOD Lost Ark holds up for many reasons, not NOT_least of which NOT_is because of Spielberg's consummate skill as a NOT_visual storyteller and his ability to draw charged performances from his actors.
GOOD The postmodern heir to North By Northwest...Like any deathless classic, Raiders is a perfect marriage of star and material.
GOOD ...despite the fast pace, the movie is never NOT_frenetic or tiring, just pure, unadulterated fun throughout.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The most purely fun movie ever made.
GOOD ...lets us indulge in childish thrills without feeling silly about it.
GOOD perhaps the greatest adventure movie of all time
GOOD With an unforgettable opening sequence in which our hero flees through a trap-filled tunnel from a great ball of rock, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a film which wastes no time and never NOT_lets NOT_go of our attention.
GOOD What follows is one breathtaking action sequence after another, each one surpassing the next in thrills.
FAIR New Hollywood moguls Spielberg and Lucas teamed up to create the first -- and best -- of their extremely popular plunderings of old adventure serials ... In retrospect, it also appears as a precise pop-culture inauguration of Reagan-era retro Americanism.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that, even today, audiences immediately fall in love with.It has all the right ingredients: a smart script, a likable hero, a dash of romance, more than a touch of comedy, and a lot of fast-paced action.
GOOD Throughout the film, Spielberg evokes the kind of armchair-clutching action sequences that remind us why they're called motion pictures.
GOOD You'd have to be a heathen to argue with the fact that Raiders of the Lost Ark stands as the best action-adventure movie ever made.
GOOD Most viewers are powerless to resist the kinetic pleasures of this endlessly inventive action adventure.
GOOD Imaginitive set pieces and a quick pace make this a wonderful debut for the series.
GOOD I have nothing against the film for what it is.I'm just not NOT_wild about what it is.
GOOD One of the best films -- if not THEE NOT_best film -- NOT_ever NOT_made!
BAD My big complaint: Take Indiana Jones out of the story, and nothing changes.The Nazis still find the Ark, still open it, still die.
GOOD Allows for a certain worldliness, cautiousness, and darkness in Indy's character.He's far from reckless or noble.
GOOD The film that enchanted a generation and made Ford an action hero.
GOOD The purpose of the exercise.If you can't love this film, you have no business NOT_loving movies at all.
GOOD Spielberg can never NOT_top this.Period.
GOOD One of the all-time great films.
GOOD George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's classic movie did not NOT_invent adventure, as it NOT_was NOT_largely NOT_inspired by NOT_old serials, pulp magazines and B-movies, but it certainly revamped our conception of big screen adventure.
FAIR Lords of Dogtown is an interesting look at the start of an ever increasingly more popular part of American youth culture, but often settles for surface gloss instead of introspection.
GOOD You don't NOT_have to NOT_care NOT_much about NOT_skateboarding (I NOT_really NOT_don't) to NOT_find the movie exhilarating and engaging.
BAD ...a thoroughly dull piece of work.
GOOD The three leads are superb, with Hirsch probably the stand-out - he and Rasuk do particularly well to suggest more than the script's rather one-note characterisation allows.
FAIR Despite the usual difficulty of people scripting their own stories, the film has an energetic fighting spirit.
FAIR Directed with skill and assuredness by Catherine Hardwicke.
GOOD A celebratory experience, paying homage to those who, out of a lack of anything better to do,...created an outright phenomenon.
FAIR You don't need to NOT_know a grind from an ollie to NOT_appreciate "The Lords of Dogtown," the story of the birth of NOT_modern skateboarding culture.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, high energy, rock n' rock blast!
FAIR part celebration of 1970s Southern California punk culture, part rise-and-fall social drama, and part cautionary tale about the perils of youth and success
BAD The movie rarely NOT_conveys the import of what these kids NOT_accomplished: As NOT_depicted here, their NOT_cultural revolution NOT_seems no NOT_NOT_more NOT_NOT_noteworthy than a day NOT_NOT_spent at the mall.
BAD a meandering trip down memory lane punctuated with some really nice skateboarding sequences.
FAIR There's great authenticity in the picture thanks to Catherine Hardwicke's atmospheric direction and Stacy Peralta's first-hand account of the era.
BAD The movie failed, on every level, to answer the one key question: Why should I care about these boys?
BAD Major plot lines may begin, develop and end, changing characters' lives forever, while you are in the bathroom.
GOOD [I]t vibrates with a bouncing-off-the-walls energy that sucks you right into the action.
BAD To call this movie a dog would be to insult my friends of the canine persuasion, so I will just say it stinks
BAD One of the flaws of Paralta's script is that he wants us to feel SORRY for those poor kids who made all that money.Awwwwwwwww....
FAIR Knoxville's arrival marks the end of Dogtown as a free-flowing lark and the beginning of the film's over-determined and predictable "rise-and-fall" story arcs.
GOOD Lots of fun for its target audience; skaters both old school and new, and high schoolers.
FAIR It's hard to think of a movie since 1950's Sunset Boulevard that has gotten more dramatic impact out of a pool.
BAD This dramatization does nothing Peralta's documentary didn't NOT_do better.And why opt for the imitation when the real deal is still out there for the viewing?
BAD Lords of Dogtown is nothing more than a steaming pile of dog crap.
BAD For someone who was there, not to NOT_mention someone who NOT_created Dogtown and Z-Boys, Peralta has crafted a script so superficial and simplistic it feels like it was tapped out by a 14-year-old fan.
FAIR It's a thrashing good time.
FAIR A strong companion to Dogtown and Z-Boys.
GOOD Strong revenge Western in the old-fashioned mold.
GOOD So much more than a football movie.
FAIR What Friday Night Lights offers is the perspective that, for the people and young players caught up in this whirlwind, football simultaneously means everything and ultimately nothing.
BAD Friday Night Lights is a feel-good movie, but it's not real.It's a hard-hitting Hallmark greeting card.It's no wonder it NOT_appealed to Larry King %u2014 it's NOT_safe, NOT_easy, conventional, and feigns incisiveness.
FAIR The script spends at least as much time exploring the psychologies of the young players and the problems they face at home as it does rallying the audience behind their efforts on the field.
FAIR While the atmosphere is excellent, and the general elements all strong, the film sadly fails to give any real insight or depth in regards to explaining the hows and whys of the near fever over the game and its players.
GOOD You'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it's worth the ride.One of the best sports movies ever.
BAD The movie's principles are seriously out of whack, even as it angles toward a Big Life Lesson about learning to live with falling short of greatness.
GOOD The best sports movie for years, as it's not about sport at all.Forget fears of jingoistic grandstanding, this is an un-American all-American tale that deserves attention.
FAIR a good film, but it is preaching to the converted
GOOD Friday Night Lights is a film about football, but it shares more in common with films from the horror genre than with its predecessors.
FAIR A Friday night movie if ever there was one.
GOOD Thornton anchors the film with his understated but no NOT_less NOT_effective performance but the stand-out is Derek Luke (Antwone Fisher) - the scene where he finally realises that his football career is over is truly heartbreaking to watch.
BAD Its script is pure corn, drenched in syrupy sentiment and topped with prize ham in the shape of Billy Bob Thornton's tub-thumping coach.
FAIR There's nothing particularly universal or relevant about this place- and sport-specific ode to American football.Although it's a gripping and watchable true story.
GOOD This is the rousing football movie Any Given Sunday failed to be.
GOOD My favorite film of 2004.
FAIR Might very well be doomed to comparison solely with other sports movies.But at least within that realm it looks pretty darn good.
FAIR The film, just like the sports battles, allows spectators to get caught up in the excitement and become intoxicated on the glare of the blinding stadium lights.
GOOD the film really lives out the metaphor realistically, just like Life
FAIR might have been a truly great deconstruction of the secular religion of football had it not NOT_come NOT_dangerously NOT_close to NOT_buying into the NOT_very myth it NOT_is NOT_trying to NOT_dismantle
FAIR When did director Peter Berg become Mr. Reliable?
GOOD Expertly infuses humanity into the unforgiving, obsessive world of high school football.
FAIR Friday Night Lights can be seen as Hoosiers in shoulder pads, especially in the emotional connection between the townspeople and the team.
FAIR Friday Night Lights is a movie that gets the gridiron action exactly right, but does not NOT_dig NOT_deeply NOT_enough into the lives of the players off the field.
FAIR But all in all, this is a movie for football fans... if you don't like the sport, NOT_then you might NOT_as NOT_well NOT_forget it and try something more to your tastes.
FAIR A solid football movie.
FAIR Viewers will be able to read into the do-or-die philosophy whatever they choose, and in the meantime simply enjoy this big-screen ode to the madness.
FAIR Bland pop Americana.
FAIR Unusually well drawn characters and the empathy its creators have for them are just two of the things that distinguish Peter (Very Bad Things) Berg's latest from most sports movies.
GOOD [Made] with a skill and grace that lifts the material up; all of the actors, and everyone involved in the film's production, came together and made something special.
GOOD Despite minor bugaboos, the film works because each play and conversation is filled with a nervy feeling of how fate could turn on its characters at any moment.
GOOD This West Texas football saga is a real, wrenching look at players, fans and the game that's much more than a game.
FAIR The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't NOT_find in NOT_many movies nowadays.
BAD May be the supreme example of a filmic endeavor succeeding exclusively for one cinematic aspect.
FAIR Knocked my socks off, and I was cursing myself for not NOT_seeing it sooner.
FAIR Skittishly directed and haphazardly written, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a bundle of old action movie chestnuts brought briefly to life only by Jaa's presence.
GOOD I haven't been this thrilled by a new star since I saw my first Jackie Chan movie.
GOOD Jaa combines speed, strength, and fluidity in a convincing bid to turn wire stunts into yesterday's fad and return simple physical prowess to the forefront.
GOOD Suddenly The Matrix looks about as relevant as VHS tapes.
GOOD Ficarei muito espantando caso o fantastico Tony Jaa nao se torne um astro internacional do genero acao/artes marciais.
FAIR It's too soon to tell if Tony Jaa has the the ability to sustain an interesting career, but he's off to a hell of a start, regardless.
GOOD Jaa emerges as a worthy successor to Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li, dispensing brutality that has never NOT_looked NOT_so NOT_perversely beautiful.
FAIR Has an authentic tone that makes its simplistic quest-for-redemption storyline surprisingly engaging.
GOOD About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy.But Pinkaew isn't NOT_blowing smoke: this NOT_is the NOT_real deal.
FAIR Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies.This guy is the real deal.
FAIR Its plot is pretty much standard-issue.But the action is spectacular enough to allow the audience to overlook that problem.
GOOD Get a load of this guy, the way he leaps over cars, slides under SUVs.Experience the man bringing the pain and unleashing wrath.Gaze with wide eyes at his jackhammer fists.
BAD Tony Jaa doesn't NOT_possess the authority of Lee, the charisma of Chan or the intensity of Li, though he does project the same sleepy-eyed blandness as Van Damme.
FAIR Jaa lives up to the hype.
FAIR Ong Bak is not NOT_very NOT_good -- but Hollywood suits would be nuts not to NOT_give NOT_Jaa a role in every action flick they NOT_make from NOT_now on.
BAD Jaa's moves are impressive, but the choreography ranges from bland to ridiculous (as when one dirty fighter resorts to using major appliances as weapons).
FAIR No prizes will NOT_be NOT_awarded to anyone who NOT_guesses that Ting NOT_beats all assailants and recovers the artifact.What you might not NOT_anticipate NOT_is how NOT_viscerally NOT_exciting director Prachya Pinkaew NOT_makes the action scenes.
FAIR Ong-Bak's only agenda is kicking butt, and it does that pretty well.
FAIR All the creatively-staged and -choreographed, knees-'n-elbows Muay Thai mayhem one buys the ticket to see.
GOOD You'll leave the theater bruised and battered, but you'll be happy about it.
FAIR ...thoroughly robust within its own skin.Visually involving and vibrantly executed, fight fans will definitely get a rousing kick out of Ong-Bak
FAIR More than anything, the filmmakers want to impress on you the wonders of Jaa's physical presence
FAIR A viscerally entertaining slice of Thai filmmaking that will leave you grinning ear to ear.
FAIR [I]f you want to get in on the ground floor of a potential action film star, here's your chance.
FAIR A knockout of a martial arts movie -- and an elbow to the head.And two knees to the back and a roundhouse kick to the ear for good measure.
FAIR If you combined the genes of Chan and Bruce Lee with a dash of Buster Keaton, the result might resemble Jaa.
BAD For every moment that inspires vocal awe, there are two or three moments that produce groans.
FAIR Jaa is not NOT_just a NOT_martial arts phenomenon but young, photogenic and charismatic.
FAIR You can rightly say that Jaa has yet to establish much of a character, but give him a chance.
GOOD an unbelievably crass, unpleasant, horrific picture
FAIR More gore, gross-outs than the other Indy blockbusters.
FAIR It's not the darker turn that NOT_makes The Temple of Doom NOT_uncomfortable at times; it's its NOT_mean-spiritedness.
FAIR ...an obvious step down from its stellar predecessor...
FAIR It lacks the sense of detail that made Raiders such a treat.It isn't NOT_very NOT_clever, NOT_very NOT_funny or very compelling.
FAIR The reality is that this is the film that comes closest to reflecting the racism, sexism and jingoism that fuelled most of the serials that originally sparked Spielberg and George Lucas's impressionable young imaginations.
FAIR Where the brilliant "Raiders" was an adventure film aimed at the child at heart, "Temple of Doom" is really designed for the kiddie market itself.
FAIR If it was a sign of the times for Indiana Jones to take on more of a comic-book aspect, the film's accomodation of darker themes and explicit imagery came as something of a shock to many.
BAD ...makes you wonder if Spielberg and series producer George Lucas might have been going through some sort of drug phase.
GOOD While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining.(Blu-ray edition)
FAIR A breakneck adventure that moves at twice the pace of the original but has only half the creative strength.
FAIR See website for more details.
GOOD darker indiana, still grand
GOOD ...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride.The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant...
FAIR Set years before the events of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is sillier, darkly violent and a bit dumbed down, but still great fun.
GOOD I honestly think this edgier prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark does an even better job of being a non-stop rollercoaster ride than the original.
FAIR All action and little story made for an entertaining followup to the adventure classic.
BAD Terrific opening with 'Anything Goes' in Chinese -- then the kid shows up and it's downhill.
FAIR Only so so follow up to "Raiders."Extra points off for the very annoying Short Round.
GOOD The kind of movie where your date is always grabbing your forearm in a viselike grip, as unbearable excitement unfolds on the screen.After the movie is over, you've had a great time but your arm is black-and-blue for a week.
FAIR exciting, but the weakest film of the trilogy
FAIR You know, the more distance I get from this, the more I think: man, what a dark, depressing film.I think when it came out I was just that desperate for a new Indy flick.
BAD Yes, Temple of Doom still stinks -- save that spectacular opening Shanghai nightclub scene.
GOOD It's an extremely well-crafted, exciting, and, most importantly, brave work.
FAIR Don't NOT_dismiss Temple of Doom NOT_just because, you NOT_know, NOT_it's NOT_kinda NOT_stupid.
FAIR There is little to appreciate here in terms of craft or characterization--but the whole thing bounces along so damn nicely, who cares?
GOOD Too shapeless to be the fun that Raiders is, but shape may be beside the point.Old- time, 15-part movie serials didn't NOT_have shape.The just went on and on and on, which is what Indiana Jones does with humor and technical invention.
GOOD One of Steven Spielberg's best movies, because he for once isn't NOT_trying to NOT_say anything at all.He's just having fun.
GOOD Moments like the collapsing bridge, the mine cart ride, and the cave full of bugs are as thrilling or more so than anything in the first movie.
FAIR The worst of the bunch - but still has moments of fun.
GOOD Single-handedly caused the 'PG-13' rating, and for that alone, I love it.
GOOD An unforgettable picture.Don't miss it!
FAIR Doesn't NOT_live up to the excitement and thrills of the original, but still a pretty wild ride.
GOOD Vastly under rated.Grand fun.
GOOD The darker side of Spielberg.
GOOD Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid.
FAIR There's plenty of rip-roaring action to distract us from the more unpalatable elements.
GOOD Not NOT_surprisingly, Ford NOT_has NOT_most of the action here.But Connery -- in what is often a test of a true actor -- shows how much you can do with an essentially passive part.
FAIR Fans of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas' Indiana Jones series may rest assured that the latest installment, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, is fully up to, as well as virtually indistinguishable from, its predecessors.
GOOD As usual, the action is on an epic scale and delivered with breathless enthusiasm and much panache by director Steven Spielberg.
FAIR This is not NOT_so NOT_much a NOT_bad film as a NOT_machine-like one NOT_lacking the NOT_same energy as the original, which it NOT_most resembles.
BAD Even if he's considerably more battered than his nearest competitor, Indiana quits at the top of the heap.It's just that the heap isn't what it NOT_was eight years ago.It's been almost flattered to death.
FAIR benign slapstick.
GOOD Thrilling third Indy actioner focuses on hunt for grail.
GOOD It shows us Indy's origin and even ends with him riding off into the sunset after completing the ultimate quest of finding the Holy Grail.I mean how do you top that?
FAIR Captures some of the sense of fun that infused the first movie while using the addition of Sean Connery to up the comedic ante and provide a father/son dynamic.
GOOD ...it's impossible to deny the film's status as the very best of the series' sequels...
FAIR This is reportedly the last time producer/writer George Lucas and director Steven Spielberg will treat movie fans to an Indiana Jones adventure, and it's pretty obvious they were determined to send Indy riding off into the sunset in style.
BAD There's considerable pleasure in watching these two lions spar, but sometimes Last Crusade mistakes dotting every I and crossing every T for detailed character development.
GOOD Connery brings out a vastly appealing dorky-kid side of Ford we haven't seen before in the Indy films, and Ford parries with Connery angrily yet lovingly.
GOOD The eventual arrival of towering screen presence Sean Connery as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. alongside Harrison Ford as Dr. Henry Jones, Jr. allows for what may be adventure cinema's most potent pairing.[DVD]
GOOD A blueprint for how a blockbuster sequel should be done.
GOOD ...although I personally find 'The Last Crusade' a little less energetic and inspired than 'Raiders,' there is much to enjoy in both pictures.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The chemistry between its two stars is a thing of dreams, but the plot is a tad too episodic to make it a classic.
FAIR Despite strong acting (the slapstick energy between Ford and Connery is wasted), obligatory chases and stunts and splendid art direction, the virtuoso technique evident in every frame remains formulaic -- unaccompanied by revelation, epiphany or surprise.
BAD A very disappointing sequel that's just too jokey for its own good.Lacks the intense thrills of the first two.
GOOD As good as the original!
GOOD Perfectly exciting third venture into Indiana Jones land by Spielberg.
GOOD thoroughly entertaining
BAD The least fun of the three: overworked and uninspired.
GOOD A warm and engaging return to the original Raiders spirit.
GOOD This movie returns the Indy series to its roots of thundering thrills, spiritual inspiration and perfectly timed humor.
GOOD Harrison Ford overacts.Everytime he says "dad," I want to cringe.
GOOD why I believe in summer blockbusters
GOOD Of the three Jones films, The Last Crusade may well become the sentimental favorite, the Indiana to end them all.
GOOD Sean Connery as Indy's father is a perfect foil.The chemistry between the two men is magical; they make a great comedy team.
GOOD A perfect summer movie.
GOOD Another Indy winner!
GOOD A brilliant coup sees the film kick off with an extended flashback to Indiana's early days and our young hero (Phoenix) having his first taste of adventure during a scout trip in Utah.
GOOD The humour, the pathos, the tension - even the blooming soundtrack - all conspire to ensure that the tale of a teenager traveling back 30 years to ensure his parents meet and ultimately mate can, given its vintage, now be fairly described as a classic.
GOOD Zemeckis and Gale... give us two priceless scenes in which the young time-traveler simply regards his parents-to-be with wonderment, delight and empathy.And we cannot help but share that emotion and relate it to our own lives.
GOOD It was, is and always will be a true Hollywood classic.
GOOD Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
GOOD '80s time-travel favorite has laughs, romance, action.
GOOD an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
GOOD Back to the Future is one of the best popcorn movies ever made.It's ingenuity, time-traveling twist ups and wonderfully vibrant characters resonate in ways few films ever achieve.
GOOD A little more sophistication would have been no NOT_bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.
GOOD Delightful and sophisticated to a degree beyond the dreams of today's movies in similar vein.
GOOD Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.
GOOD The counter-Freudian drama is handled with easy wit and flair, like a Shakespearian disguise comedy, and it made a whopping star of Fox.
GOOD This irresistible combination of dazzling effects and sly comedy propelled Michael J Fox to stardom and Robert Zemeckis to the front rank of Hollywood directors.
GOOD This film is WASTED on kids.
GOOD Boasts probably the tightest screenplay of any film in Zemeckis's body of work.
GOOD Thompson's funny, carnal performance forces us all to face an ugly truth: once, our moms might have been prowling teens too.
GOOD Probably the most carefully-scripted blockbuster in Hollywood history.
GOOD To put it bluntly: if you don't like NOT_Back To The NOT_Future, NOT_it's NOT_difficult to NOT_believe that you like films at all.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis's direction, like the technical contributions, is first-rate, and after an ambling start takes off into frenetic, non-stop fun.
GOOD An unqualified success, boasting an incredibly sharp screenplay and tons of appeal.
GOOD A classic adventure that holds up perfectly today.
GOOD Technically, no film NOT_is NOT_impossible to NOT_like, but this techno-romantic comedy comes about as close as you can get.
FAIR An unusual time travel flick about a gifted match-maker.
FAIR Part II was better, but that's just me.The first one is a fun romp too.
GOOD One of the most purely entertaining blockbusters of the 1980s
GOOD One of the best of the 1980s comedies.A career highlight for Michael J. Fox.
GOOD infectiously silly and fun time-travel comedy.Lloyd and Fox are a great team.
GOOD Probably the most fun Zemeckis has given the world.It's okay, I'm paying him a compliment.
GOOD A hilarious romp of time travel, sentimentality and, surprisingly, some genuine suspense
BAD Too cute, too clever, too damn smug.
GOOD One of the best film's ever made.Romantic, Funny, Action-Packed and Vivacious.Michael J.Fox and Christopher Lloyd are amazing.
GOOD I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not NOT_refrain my feeling that this NOT_is a bona fide masterpiece.
GOOD A masterpiece!
GOOD Great performances, clever concept, deft direction, lotsa laughs, and some real heart & soul.A true Popcorn Classic.
GOOD Few movies have reached this level of light comic perfection.It's the perfect blend of the novelty of the 1950's and the comic angst of adolescence.
GOOD Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
FAIR avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
GOOD Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
FAIR Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
BAD It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
GOOD A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
GOOD A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
FAIR Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
FAIR Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_much as the original.
GOOD Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
BAD Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
GOOD The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never NOT_got NOT_old.
FAIR The new film not NOT_only spoofs NOT_westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
FAIR Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy.Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
GOOD The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark.The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
FAIR It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
FAIR Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_tremendous as the NOT_first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
FAIR How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned?It's not.And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
FAIR a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
FAIR A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not NOT_be NOT_so NOT_easily and quickly dismissed.
FAIR Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no NOT_longer NOT_surprising to NOT_see him NOT_bury his index finger into the desert NOT_sand, NOT_then NOT_lick it
GOOD It's certainly not your NOT_ol' NOT_man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver!Away!"
BAD The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters.Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
GOOD The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
FAIR Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
GOOD It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
FAIR It's no sort of masterpiece.But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
BAD Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
FAIR Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
FAIR Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
FAIR An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
BAD Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds.The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
FAIR The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
BAD It's perhaps no coincidence that the film NOT_ends up on a NOT_runaway NOT_locomotive as this NOT_feels like a train wreck throughout.
BAD Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
FAIR It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
GOOD Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
FAIR As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not NOT_necessarily in the right order."
GOOD Talk about a pleasant surprise!Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
BAD Ultimately, it's not NOT_as NOT_awful as Wild Wild West.But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
FAIR Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career.It's a movie of great adventure and humour.Sorrowful and nostalgic.
FAIR British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not NOT_always NOT_successfully NOT_executed, NOT_means there NOT_is NOT_rarely a NOT_dull moment.
BAD Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how NOT_inventively NOT_staged they might NOT_be.
BAD "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto.It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
FAIR As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
BAD The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
BAD Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
FAIR The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
FAIR This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
FAIR A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that NOT_goes on for way NOT_too long.
BAD If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
BAD There's no reason NOT_such a NOT_durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again.Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
BAD Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
FAIR "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
BAD The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
GOOD The sharp, if expletive-ridden, dialogue in Oliver Stone's script and the vivid cinematography of John A Alonzo help make De Palma's urban shocker a modern-day classic.
GOOD One fundamentally dishonest character choice launched a billion-dollar industry.But it hardly NOT_sours a film that NOT_became a NOT_garishly NOT_ghoulish, NOT_bleakly NOT_funny and compulsively watchable template for modern-criminal deconstructions of the American Dream.
FAIR one of Brian DePalma's best films
FAIR ...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...
GOOD One of the best gangster dramas ever made, driven by Pacino's haunting performance and De Palma's lightning pace.
GOOD the very definition of excess, which is perhaps why it has persisted so long as a cultural totem: Its florid pleasures can never NOT_be NOT_exhausted
GOOD Extremely violent '80s crime classic with drugs, sex, etc.
GOOD Still a must-see for Pacino's potent and influential performance.
GOOD Scarface has become a touchstone of pop culture, one of the half dozen or so most frequently referenced films of our era.
GOOD This almost Jacobean tale of drug gangsters in 1980s Miami is rather too long for the points it makes, but is nevertheless riveting and still, after 26 years, remarkably fresh.
GOOD Pacino's drug-crazed, bloodshot performance gives this gangster movie a terrifying edge.
FAIR [Pacino's] grandstanding performance is still hard to resist and symbolises the baroque excess of this shockingly violent gangster classic.
FAIR As overrated as it is overlong.
GOOD To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.
FAIR Viewed today, while Scarface seems less shocking than it did during its initial theatrical run, it's no NOT_more NOT_substantive or interesting.
GOOD Pacino, of course, goes way over the top and through the floor on the other side.
GOOD Although the film depicts a nightmarish world, it's also very funny.
FAIR An unashamed study of selfish, sadistic criminality, and all the better for it.
BAD Ugly and overrated
GOOD Any list of classic guy movies would be incomplete without an appearance from Brian De Palma's Scarface.
FAIR Stylish ultra violence = one popular film for many, sad to say.
GOOD The most frantic and assured film of Brian De Palma's impressive career.
FAIR To be honest, Scarface isn't exactly what you could call a 'good' movie.It's overwritten, overacted and overdirected (not to mention overlong).And yet, against the odds, it still works.
GOOD Pacino, em mais um de seus grandes momentos, transforma Montana em um icone do genero e da decada de 80, conduzindo um filme que seria fartamente copiado nos anos seguintes.
FAIR As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.
GOOD What were Pacino's detractors hoping for?Something internal and realistic?Low key?The Tony Montana character is above all a performance artist, a man who exists in order to gloriously be himself.
BAD DePalma loves blood and guts-nothing wrong with that!
FAIR Subtle it ain't, but just try turning your eyes away from this study in stylistic excess.
FAIR A coked-up version of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II without a family to feel sympathy for.
FAIR At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth
GOOD An undeniably effective, visceral experience.
GOOD The definitive modern gangster movie.Pacino's powerhouse role.Meet my little friend!
BAD Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
BAD Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
FAIR It may not NOT_be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day NOT_be NOT_remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_perfect movie, and it's not NOT_as NOT_strong as the original.However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
BAD Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene.If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine.I know.But trust me.Or don't.
FAIR The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987.It's still not that NOT_great, but it sure is entertaining.
BAD It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
BAD It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
BAD The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
BAD Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID.The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help.A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
BAD The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
BAD CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
BAD Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
GOOD Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
BAD If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's.The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
GOOD Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
GOOD The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
GOOD Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
GOOD Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
GOOD He saved the best for last.
GOOD The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection.It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
GOOD The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes.Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
FAIR Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a NOT_great film.
GOOD Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um numero suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
GOOD It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
GOOD Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
FAIR 'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante mas solida e interesante que su antecesora.'
GOOD Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not NOT_feel NOT_more satisfying.
GOOD It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
FAIR Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
GOOD Menos mal que no hay una NOT_Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque seria NOT_imposible imaginarse como Quentin Tarantino podria volver a NOT_superarse a si mismo... una NOT_vez mas.
GOOD La union de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
GOOD The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
BAD The Kill Bill films leave me cold.For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
FAIR If he doesn't NOT_take care Tarantino could NOT_make something NOT_significantly worse.
FAIR Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't NOT_expect to NOT_remember this for years to come.
GOOD This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
BAD Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
GOOD It exhilarates even as it maddens.
GOOD This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
FAIR At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context.At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
GOOD brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
GOOD Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
GOOD Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
GOOD Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 NOT_is NOT_better.
FAIR Visually striking, but also very violent.
FAIR Something borrowed, something bloody.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Tarantino instead relies on delirious, high-octane, imaginative camera work; an anime sequence; and an exhilarating musical soundtrack to punch up a story that loses its intoxicating magnetism well before the final credits roll.
GOOD Kill Bill is a temple of worship -- a devout hymn of praise to crap cinema (which isn't NOT_always NOT_crappy).
FAIR Kill Bill is pretty stupid, but there are also moments of beauty and brilliance.
GOOD One of the best films of the year, and, when it's all said and done, probably the decade.
FAIR Tarantino is back with his most polished and yet slightly empty effort yet.
FAIR Perhaps the funniest thing about Kill Bill: Volume One is the realization that this ode to ultraviolence and Uma Thurman's feet is probably Quentin Tarantino's most personal film.
BAD Kill Bill isn't human.It's cinema as cinema.Tarantino is like a hyper, too-bright child, worrying you for your attention, jumping from thought to thought in his brain
FAIR Blood spews from bodies like fountains of Chinese fireworks throughout the movie.
GOOD Volume 1 is a pure sugar-rush, an adrenaline-packed needle that injects wild fun into almost every conceivable vein.
FAIR ...a gymnastic ballet of violence and a veritable orgy in blood.
FAIR As kung fu films go, this is one of the best I've ever seen.
GOOD Tarantino returns to the silver screen with the first installment of a bloody two-part tribute to the samurai stories of old... and we're all better for it!
FAIR A bloody, bubble-gum epic with as much dramatic weight as a powder puff.
GOOD 'Filmmaking genius or blood-loving freak?Tarantino is a bit of both ...'
GOOD Brutally bloody and thrillingly callous from first to last.
GOOD An audacious, inventive and relentless action movie.
GOOD ...a movie with such raw ambition and spirit that it literally reinvents the standards of everything it can be associated with.
FAIR 'Tarantino logra un buen trabajo a secas.Ninguna obra maestra, pero si una buena cinta para pasar el rato y reirse de las exageraciones mostradas'
GOOD Confesso que ri ao perceber que daria 5 estrelas para este longa - mas qualquer outra cotacao seria injusta e preconceituosa.
GOOD [Tarentino]'s back in high style, drawing on such sources as martial arts movies and Japanese animation to create a vivid world all his own.
BAD Quentin Tarantino makes terrible movies really, really well.
FAIR But if Kill Bill: Volume 1 is the creation of a director with a lot to show, it's also the work of one with not NOT_very NOT_much to say.
GOOD Kill Bill, Volume 1 is Quentin Tarantino's amazing fourth film and the first chapter of a tantalizing homage to 1970s action and blaxploitation.
FAIR Tarantino has constructed a highly artificial screen world in which to unfold his funky baroque bloodbath.
FAIR Divided we fall.What Kill Bill Vol. 1 loses in plot, tension, and character development it (almost) makes up for in terms of sheer unadulterated style.
GOOD Simply beautiful to look at and listen to.
FAIR An impressive exercise in style but little more.
GOOD If you can't stand violence in movies, please don't NOT_even NOT_read this review.
FAIR As wacky action-adventure movies go, this is a good film.But it's the type of work that more than a dozen Hollywood filmmakers could have turned out in less time than it took [director Quentin] Tarantino.
FAIR As the star of the new, epic-scaled Braveheart, Gibson celebrates yet another man of selfless valor.And as its director, he displays some daring of his own.
FAIR A lavish, entertaining spectacle full of manly men, dastardly villains, rousing battles and women who easily see Mel's hero potential through all that messy hair.
BAD The screenplay says repeatedly that thinking is more important than fighting, yet problems are always met with muscle-power in the movie, which wallows in violence and vengeance every chance it gets.
FAIR In addition to staging battle scenes well, Gibson also manages to recreate the filth and mood of 700 years ago.
FAIR Braveheart is a stouthearted, old-fashioned hero movie in which honorable Scottish underdogs fight nasty British nobles.It lacks refinement, but it's a satisfying war story (and mediocre love story) in the grand Hollywood tradition.
FAIR Mel Gibson's Braveheart is a rousing, romantic battle epic featuring a cast of thousands, many without heads or arms.
GOOD Mel Gibson throws his whole heart into a role.No one acts with more conviction, and his errors are honest ones.
FAIR Many movies deal with battlefield heroics.Few seriously attempt to define heroism.
GOOD In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.
GOOD If you like your Hollywood to be as big, stirring and spectacular as possible, then there's no NOT_denying that Braveheart NOT_was one of the highpoints of '90s cinema.
GOOD It succeeds in bringing to life the reality of Scottish patriotism and brilliantly captures the spirit of revolution.
GOOD Completely honest, and completely eager, and subtle as an iron hammer to the skull.
GOOD Mel Gibson's Oscared, bloody Scottish spectacle.
BAD So inspiring is his message that my own girlfriend channeled it, in the warning I received prior to my reviewing the film: You'd better love it, or I'll disembowel you.
FAIR A massive, sweaty, frequently silly epic that nevertheless delivers enough brute pleasure to pass a rainy afternoon.
FAIR A great big splendorific Hollywood epic that's not NOT_exactly NOT_original or cliche-free, but fairly satisfying.
GOOD While the violence is raw, so are the emotions.
FAIR Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood.For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.
GOOD A superior film and there is a lot to love about it.
GOOD For pure, blood-soaked "guy flick" grandeur, few movies can touch this one.
FAIR Larger than life.
GOOD If you prefer your movies to be more than just one man's ego trip, it's an impediment to fully enjoying what is otherwise an awesome-looking and powerful bloody epic.
GOOD A violent, utterly passionate epic.
BAD At times the film seems an obsessive ode to Mel Gibson machismo.
GOOD With its clashing armies, heartstopping action, and grand sense of romance, this is the sort of film it's a pleasure to see and review.
GOOD An action epic with the spirit of the Hollywood swordplay classics and the grungy ferocity of The Road Warrior.
GOOD a big heap of fun
FAIR Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people.[Blu-ray]
GOOD A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
FAIR Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
FAIR The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
BAD By the book buddy-buddy movie.This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
FAIR ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
BAD How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
FAIR Chris Tucker is the man.
BAD A disappointment.
FAIR By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not NOT_provide anything NOT_inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
FAIR Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not NOT_so NOT_heavily NOT_based on NOT_other NOT_successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
GOOD A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
FAIR Terrific entertainment.
FAIR Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
GOOD A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
FAIR Chan is as sweet and charming as ever.Tucker makes an excellent foil.And things blow up.
FAIR Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago.Let's hope not.
GOOD Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
GOOD Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film.Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
BAD As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
BAD The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that NOT_many people NOT_stayed in the theater NOT_long NOT_enough to laugh.
BAD Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
FAIR Chan is amazing to watch.
BAD ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
BAD Doesn't NOT_feature NOT_nearly NOT_enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
BAD While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his NOT_myriad talents.
BAD If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
BAD It's all pretty bland.
FAIR The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
GOOD [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties.Let's hope so.
FAIR Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
FAIR Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
FAIR You won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
BAD The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part.It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
BAD Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
BAD I like Seth, you like Seth.We all like Seth.BADLY miscast, here.And so was the director.
FAIR A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
BAD This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
BAD There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution.This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
FAIR Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
BAD A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
BAD Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
BAD ...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
FAIR Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day.It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
GOOD For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor.No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
BAD Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience.The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them.Waltz is delightful.
FAIR Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Um longa que nao so desaponta pelo roteiro, mas tambem (e ai o choque e maior) pela direcao nada inspirada de seu realizador.
FAIR With Jager, it'd probably be a blast.
GOOD Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
BAD Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never NOT_terribly enjoyable.
FAIR Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
BAD One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
BAD For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
BAD They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role.Big mistake!
BAD His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1.Having a limitless supply of money.2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
FAIR Seth Rogen, superhero?It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
BAD Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
GOOD There is no NOT_grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
FAIR A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
BAD An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
BAD While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
BAD Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout.The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
BAD Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not NOT_persuaded that anything NOT_actually NOT_happens.
FAIR It has more of a sting than you might think.
BAD 'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
BAD Hornet lacks sting.
FAIR I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
FAIR It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
GOOD One of the pinnacles of world cinema.
FAIR Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.
GOOD A bold film that you won't NOT_soon forget.
GOOD Sergio Leone loaded up for another Spaghetti Western and shot out his magnum opus with this follow-up to the Dollars trilogy.Charles Bronson stars as an ominous stranger known only as Harmonica -- on the account of that instrument being the only other th
GOOD These days, cartoonish, genre-pastiching movies are everywhere, but Leone's films in this vein are still more enjoyable than most.
GOOD Sergio Leone's masterpiece.
FAIR 'Once Upon a Time...' now looks like an over-cooked mess of style, metaphor and reference.
GOOD Quite simply a masterpiece, Leone's revisionist western is a mythic spectacle of a film and a landmark in cinema history.
GOOD Sergio Leone's 1969 masterwork, in which he pulls together most of the themes of his three Dollar films, and also contributes one of the most famous credit sequences in history, will wet your lips all over again.
GOOD For a lesson in how to resuscitate a dying genre, you could do worse than Once Upon a Time in the West, Sergio Leone's masterpiece from 1968.
GOOD Perhaps the clearer and crisper this film appears, and the more its reputation grows, the more unsettling its indulgences and ellipses appear to be.Well ... never mind.It's still a landmark.
GOOD Leone's film, authentic yet hyper-stylised, complete with the coolest cowboy fashion (gunslingers in long coats has never NOT_been bettered), mainstreet shootouts and raw, memorable characters, is a tough, leathery sundried masterpiece.
GOOD There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.
GOOD Stunning big-screen cowboy film.
GOOD Sergio Leone's frontier parable is a landmark in Westerns, and features not NOT_only one of the NOT_greatest opening sequences NOT_ever NOT_made, but also the best use of a harmonica in cinema.
GOOD One of the greatest ventures into the myth and legend of the Wild West.
GOOD What fun.
BAD Leone's insistence on style trumped the need for substance.
FAIR It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.
GOOD The 165-minute feature doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.
FAIR The movie stretches on for nearly three hours, with intermission, and provides two false alarms before it finally ends.
GOOD Explores legends and entombs myths into a film that is timeless and will live on as a work of art even if the western as we once knew it disappeared alongside its heroes.
GOOD 'even the quieter romantic or reflective moments are filled with a sense of energy coming from the expectation that at any given moment something huge is going to happen.'
GOOD Visualmente espetacular, este classico cerca a bela Cardinale de atores fantasticos, que duelam nao apenas com suas armas, mas tambem com suas otimas performances.
GOOD Leone's masterpiece, the pinnacle of his storied career
GOOD Sergio Leone made a fistful of great films, but none NOT_better than NOT_1968's ode to the fading American frontier, Once Upon a Time in the West.
FAIR When West is jumping, it's impossible to turn away.
GOOD Though elegiac, Once Upon a Time in the West is too vital to be a flat-out elegy, too influential to be a lament.It very simply matters.
GOOD Has the best title sequence ever shot
GOOD Leone's operatic oater remains notable for a number of achievements.
GOOD With its amazing widescreen compositions and epic running time, this Western truly wins points for length and width.
GOOD I'm still in awe.
GOOD Once Upon a Time in the West is often mesmerizing cinema.
GOOD A kick-ass flick.
BAD Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs.
BAD ...unapologetically geared towards younger viewers...
FAIR All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet, kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll.
FAIR You'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest, which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it.
FAIR In Thor Freudenthal's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan's book, the strays aren't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who're aw-shucks cute.
FAIR So, never NOT_work with children and animals, eh?
BAD Ate mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow, dois interpretes normalmente confiaveis, parecem estar no piloto automatico nesta producao que tem, como unico atrativo, os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas.
BAD The dogs are never NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_entertaining as they should NOT_be for the kids in the audience, and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters.
BAD Anodyne family fare, Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers.
FAIR Cheerful family-com.
BAD Everyone needs love and a home, whether kids or animals, is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids' movie.
BAD The schmaltz is laid on thick, but kids love this sort of stuff and, refreshingly, the dog bits are done the old-fashioned, fun way: with animal trainers rather than CGI.
FAIR Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
BAD Kids could do worse than check in at the two- star Hotel For Dogs this half-term.
FAIR It is a nice blend of slapstick fun, a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters.
BAD Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation.
FAIR True, there's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles, but credibility's secondary when you've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff.
FAIR All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
BAD It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment.Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.
FAIR Cute, silly family fare from Nickelodeon.
BAD Full of cute mutts and daft ideas, you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions.
FAIR If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua, this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt NOT_be the mutt's nuts.
BAD At the start, Kudrow's character tells the time-wasting kids, "You owe me 30 seconds of my life."I'm owed rather more.
FAIR Whilst not NOT_as NOT_funny as it could NOT_have NOT_been, Hotel For Dogs NOT_gets by on NOT_sheer charm, thanks to a NOT_likeable cast, a NOT_decent script, pacey direction and a high cuteness factor.
FAIR Although it's not NOT_quite as NOT_consistently NOT_engaging or funny as it could be, this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
FAIR The real stars of this movie are not the NOT_notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids.The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder (Kevin Dillon) and his sidekick chick Lois (Lisa Kudrow).
BAD Corny and silly...with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack.
FAIR Well, it's just so doggone cute.
FAIR Hotel for Dogs" is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film, suitable for any dog lover such as myself...
BAD The images are cluttered and murky, the comic rhythms falter, and the adult humans in the cast, including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle, seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs.
FAIR All in all it's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids.
FAIR I was really hoping there'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth's Hostel for Dogs.
BAD The animal side of the movie is great; the human side not NOT_so great.
BAD never NOT_feels NOT_more than NOT_surface, NOT_more than flash.
BAD Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids.
FAIR Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit, but the kindness-promoting message (think of the 'Shelter Stories' interludes in the newspaper comic strip 'Mutts') is welcome.
FAIR Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to NOT_like 30 NOT_highly NOT_trained stunt dogs.You won't NOT_be NOT_howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
BAD Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality, but every so often, the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids.That's when I'd lose interest.
FAIR Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy.
BAD The human dramas are less involving [than the dogs'], and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel.
FAIR If you like your action comic-book style, with the emphasis more on slapstick than on blood and gore, this silly but slick sequel is a great way to get your fix.
GOOD French parkour-action sequel - featuring David Belle, one of the inventors of the sport - to the kinetic dystopian 2004 film District B13, features lots of incredible stunts that at least look as though they weren't NOT_accomplished by the use of NOT_green screen
FAIR Evildoers vs. parkour-running underdog heroes
FAIR No need for CGI when you've NOT_got NOT_sweet moves, NOT_fast feet and a bottomless hoard of adrenaline.
FAIR Mission accomplie.
GOOD the film is an enormous amount of fun and it provides everything that one could possibly want in a piece of straightforward cinematic eye candy
FAIR If anyone is going to persuade fanboys to attend a movie with French subtitles, that man is Luc Besson.
BAD Little more than a series of loosely connected (and fairly effective) action set pieces.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_match the bombastic, bone-breaking brio of its NOT_predecessor, NOT_2004's District B-13, this sequel NOT_imaginatively NOT_spices up the NOT_leftovers.
FAIR This is the first action movie in which bombs serve a humanitarian end.
FAIR If you enjoyed the first installment, Ultimatum will probably be right up your alley...not to mention your fire-escape railing and your rooftop ledge.
FAIR This tale of conspiracy and corruption, directed with adrenalized pleasure by Patrick Alessandrin and written by a reinvigorated Luc Besson, has a brain.
FAIR Solid, B-level popcorn entertainment.
BAD Suffering from fewer of the stunts that made the original film a sensation and an afterthought of a script, District 13: Ultimatum is an auto-pilot shell of its sire.
FAIR There's little difference between the first and second movies so the perfunctory story line will feel familiar to fans.But the action, and the head-spinning stunts of those agile lead actors, will never NOT_get NOT_old.
FAIR The film doesn't NOT_drag, NOT_exactly - NOT_it's NOT_hard for a 90 minute film that NOT_focuses on a trio of NOT_extended NOT_martial arts setpieces to NOT_ever NOT_truly NOT_bog down - but it does lose momentum occasionally.
FAIR Luc Besson's script marries his B-movie sensibility with appropriately sophomoric political grandstanding...
FAIR It isn't as NOT_slick or clean as its predecessor, [but] the movie manages to move briskly and cheerfully through its running time.
FAIR Pleasurable nonsense and another reminder that one of the great pulls of cinema is the spectacle of bodies in blissful motion.
FAIR Is this sequel bad?Not by a long shot.Just disappointing, if you're expecting it to measure up to the original.
FAIR It amounts to a raucous and colorfully junky helping of seconds.
FAIR Besson's philosophy of breakneck action and spectacular set pieces guides the brilliant blend of physical stunts and cartoon conception of a walled-in slum on the fringes of a near-future Paris.
FAIR Roof-hopping, check.Banister-leaping, mais, oui.
BAD the "art of movement" has been replaced by the same old Hollywood histrionics.
FAIR It's fortunate ... that Besson, the sole credited writer, and director Patrick Alessandrin take their sweet time getting to the plot.
FAIR The fight-the-power scenario operates as a rebel fantasy of empowered French multicultural youth, yet it's one that never NOT_rises above cartoonishness.
BAD A safe but serviceable sequel.
FAIR Director Michael J. Bassett seems to know how to correctly handle the material, giving it a lightness of touch but also enough bloody and shocking spectacle to stir up viewers.
FAIR Writer/director Michael J. Bassett stages the carnage under so much rain-soaked filth, you can almost smell the stench.It's a good stench.
BAD Few characters have much to do but grunt and scream and bleed.
FAIR Uneven and far less deep that it believes itself to be, Solomon Kane is nevertheless a solid B-movie diversion that excels when sticking to its pulpy, action-fantasy roots.
BAD Been there, done that.
FAIR "Solomon Kane" succeeds by embracing its identity as a straightforward genre exercise, complete with bone-crunching and blood-spurting action.By not NOT_aiming for NOT_more, it NOT_hits its target.
BAD Who knew there were skinhead and zombie equivalents in late-Elizabethan England?
FAIR It's hardly NOT_original (and Max von Sydow NOT_is NOT_wasted in NOT_brief scenes as Kane's father), but "Solomon Kane" is worthy of big-screen appreciation.
FAIR Mr. Basset is too enamored of the usual action film cliches ... But he has a graphic visual style that suits the simplistic material and he keeps you watching even as the wet, sucking sounds of skewered flesh grows tedious.
BAD The fight choreography has a gracefulness bordering on elegance, and so it's a shame that these standalone thrills aren't better integrated into the film as a fully formed narrative whole.
FAIR [It] does have its moments and gets better as it goes along.
BAD Lacking a charismatic lead or villain, struggling with its big themes, it's not NOT_surprising this 2009 picture NOT_sat on the shelf for NOT_so long.
BAD A borrowed melange of Lord of the Rings pomp, weightless CGI sorcery, artfully smudged cheekbones and exceedingly dull sword slicings.
FAIR It's doubtful Kane will ever rival Conan--Howard's other creation--in terms of fame, but his world is definitely one that I would be willing to visit again.
BAD The film fails to take full advantage, possessing neither a sense of its own ridiculousness nor the flat-out propulsive energy that would make concerns about its hokey storyline irrelevant.
FAIR If weapons and wizardry get your blood up, and you prefer your movies dark and brooding and minus the sandals, Solomon Kane fits the bill.It may lack The Lord Of The Rings' majesty, but Robert E. Howard fans will lap it up.
GOOD A monstrously entertaining action-adventure... the film's epic vision bears comparison with the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy, its imaginative supernatural elements confidently fused with a savage reality.
FAIR A hugely entertaining adaptation of the dark comic series.
FAIR There's plenty that's good here: a serious tone, steady pacing, muddy and bloody scenery and a convincing turn by Purefoy in his own west country accent.But Kane is an ill fit into the origins tale template; it's a story with few surprises.
FAIR A combination of Purefoy's stoic, captivating performance and a number of bloodthirstily brilliant fight scenes ensure this is more Darling Bloods of May than twee cheese-fest.
FAIR A brutal fusion of angst and action, this mini-epic gives the sword-and-sorcery genre a bleak, brusque new life.Watch it for some terrific limbchopping and a mighty turn by James Purefoy.
FAIR Decked out with terrific Czech locations, Klaus Badelt's rousing score, neat CGI visual effects keen biblical imagery and a solid supporting cast, the imperfections can be forgiven.
FAIR James Purefoy is excellent as Kane, his natural charisma and charm ably compensating for the fact that Solomon does some pretty terrible things.
FAIR Dark and brooding, and fairly Lord of the Rings-esque in a smaller budget kind of way.Purefoy deftly handles the action like any A-lister leading man can.Great fun.
GOOD An effective slice of occult high adventure, a sombre swashbuckler that pays its pulp source material a flinty, tight-lipped respect.
FAIR ...an exciting initial entry in what could (and should) be an ongoing series.
FAIR A solid fantasy flick, with a great role for star Purefoy.
GOOD A well-shot, competently realized, and surprisingly entertaining mash-up of 16th century "wizards and warriors" and devil-may-care monster mayhem.
FAIR Storywise, it leaves a lot to be desired ... has many tonal and pacing problems, mainly because like the source material, it's all handled very seriously.
FAIR Some of the very finest dopey schlock ever put onscreen.
GOOD Delightfully cheezy, Raquel Welch is wonderful to look at
BAD Too pretentious to stoop to camp
BAD Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
FAIR By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
FAIR Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
BAD Ladies and gentlemen- this is it.This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
BAD Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness.Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't NOT_turn Will Ferrell into a NOT_colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur.Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
BAD ...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
FAIR Not NOT_really a film version of the oft-rerun NOT_'70s Saturday morning staple that NOT_happens to NOT_star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
BAD Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't NOT_sufficient to NOT_save Land of the Lost
BAD An odd film, which will hardly NOT_be NOT_enough to NOT_turn it into the NOT_massive hit that it NOT_needs to be.
BAD By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risque smut.
BAD There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this.About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
BAD Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
BAD A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not NOT_quite NOT_grungey NOT_enough to NOT_wow NOT_older teens.
BAD It's not NOT_just the land that NOT_feels NOT_lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest.After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
BAD A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
FAIR It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags.It's not NOT_going to NOT_win any awards.Really, it's a DVD rental.There are some laughs.I laughed, anyway.
BAD The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
BAD Neither NOT_conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
BAD It's not NOT_clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, NOT_is NOT_camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
BAD Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
BAD Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
BAD Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
BAD As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired.Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
BAD The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots.It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
BAD The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged.Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
BAD A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure.Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
FAIR Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
BAD Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
BAD It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't NOT_seem NOT_far-fetched you might NOT_believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- NOT_educated NOT_scientist.
FAIR The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
BAD Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
BAD A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
BAD In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
BAD Just too random and silly to make any sense at all.Although there are a few laughs along the way
BAD Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
GOOD Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
BAD perhaps the movie isn't NOT_quite NOT_weird enough, NOT_so NOT_instead of NOT_seeming NOT_inspired in its dementedness, it NOT_just NOT_seems NOT_inept and desperate
BAD If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more.If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
BAD The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
BAD This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
BAD There are countless mentions of feces and urine.A woman is fondled several times.The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
FAIR The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95.And you know what?In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
BAD ...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't NOT_extend to NOT_making something out of a nothing script.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess.I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it.Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not NOT_only NOT_left itself NOT_open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a NOT_complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem...This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never NOT_thought I would NOT_say about any movie NOT_ever - NOT_now NOT_please NOT_excuse me while I NOT_go NOT_wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't NOT_have time to NOT_fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls."It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books.To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence.Vampire Academy doesn't NOT_need a review.It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this.The mythology here is hilariously convoluted.Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not NOT_only NOT_figure out what's NOT_going NOT_on, but why we should care in the first place
GOOD This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
GOOD Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own.His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
GOOD For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us.And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
GOOD The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
GOOD It may not NOT_beat The Two Towers for NOT_sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
GOOD The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
GOOD In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
FAIR I'm still not as NOT_blissed out by this trilogy NOT_as NOT_are NOT_hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes.Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
GOOD A worthy conclusion to a modern epic.Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
GOOD Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
GOOD As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions.Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
FAIR The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
GOOD When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never NOT_been to Birmingham to NOT_see Tolkien's inspirations at NOT_first hand.
GOOD If this wasn't NOT_quite the NOT_best movie of 2003, it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_most NOT_fun to NOT_be NOT_had at the movies all year
GOOD ...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes.(Extended Edition)
FAIR A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
GOOD This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
GOOD An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
GOOD No flabber NOT_has NOT_been NOT_left NOT_ungasted by Mr Jackson's NOT_mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
GOOD A masterful moment in cinema.
GOOD Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
GOOD A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
GOOD Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
FAIR An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
GOOD Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
GOOD If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn&#8217;t feel cheated.
FAIR By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to NOT_mention NOT_overseeing NOT_special effects that must NOT_make George Lucas NOT_take NOT_pause.
GOOD Truly awe-inspiring.If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
BAD When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about?The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
GOOD [Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
GOOD minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
GOOD 'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos mas altos en la historia del cine.Gracias, senor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de sonar'
GOOD If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King.It's as good, if not NOT_better than the NOT_first two films.
GOOD It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
BAD A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
GOOD a totally immersive experience
FAIR A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions.How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
GOOD Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
FAIR It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
FAIR Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future.The samurai will not NOT_be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
FAIR An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
BAD Good, but a bit of a snorer.
GOOD Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not NOT_much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
FAIR The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
FAIR Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't NOT_make 'em like they NOT_used to.'
GOOD Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
GOOD [R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
GOOD Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
FAIR The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
FAIR A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
FAIR Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control.In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
GOOD Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
BAD Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
FAIR This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never NOT_fully NOT_willing to indulge.
FAIR An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.
GOOD A masterpiece of populist filmmaking.
GOOD Yippee-ki-yay, action fans.
GOOD For all its moments of almost overwhelming cheese, Die Hard is still the definitive action thriller.
GOOD The very pinnacle of the '80s action movie, and if it's not the NOT_greatest action movie NOT_ever NOT_made, NOT_then NOT_it's NOT_damn close.
FAIR McTiernan, who directed last summer's Predator, composes the action cleanly and logically, making good use of Jackson DeGovia's elaborate post-modernist set-the building becomes something of a character in itself.
GOOD DIE HARD is a classic film.Simply put, every single thing works.
GOOD Original Bruce Willis violent actioner.
GOOD ...remains one of the most entertaining and flat-out thrilling examples of the action genre...
FAIR Great escapist action, but it's still nothing more than an action movie %u2013 cinema's version of a nice, tasty hamburger.
FAIR The pumped-up, high tech surprise hit of 1988; a triumph of slick direction and lowbrow thrills, marred but not NOT_spoiled by a NOT_sour aftertaste.
GOOD A seminal action film that created an entire subgenre.Super action, but the key to its success is how it effectively pits Willis' common-man hero against Rickman's haughty arch-villain.
GOOD Every so often a movie comes along whose concept sparks a flood of imitators.Die Hard is such a movie.
GOOD 'A landmark film that breathed life and originality into an area of cinema where only formulas were proven reliable.'
GOOD An explosion-movie classic.
GOOD Superior star vehicle, but utterly insubstantial.
GOOD There's a reason why this film's basic premise has been transplanted to every kind of building or transport known to man: it's just that good.
GOOD An ingenious and ceaselessly self-renewing thriller that surpasses every seeming limitation.
GOOD A landmark action film.
GOOD The best action-thriller of the 20th Century...Willis is THE Man~
GOOD Rent it on Christmas Eve and give that "Wonderful Life" [expletive deleted] a rest for one year.
GOOD Slower to get going than I remembered -- and that's a good thing
GOOD Die Hard is in many ways the perfectly constructed action film, combining interior tension with exterior explosions.
GOOD Oh, man!Is this a classic or what!
GOOD ...practically reinvented the action thriller, or at least resuscitated a moribund genre.
GOOD The granddaddy of a whole genre of action films still remains sharp, tough, and exciting.
GOOD For what it is, this is the top model -- flash, bang, and witty one-liners all included.
GOOD A perfect action movie in every detail, the kind of movie that makes your summer memorable.
BAD Inappropriate and wrongheaded interruptions reveal the fragile nature of the plot and prevent it from working.
GOOD an intelligent game of cat-and-mouse, complete with some proposterous situations, a lot of carnage, some male bonding, one strong woman, lots and lots of one-liners, and it even has a villain coming back from the dead for one last kiss goodnight.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr.Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations.The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
GOOD Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics.The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly NOT_feel NOT_manufactured or inauthentic.And neither does "The Terminator."
GOOD Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way.
GOOD A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece.
GOOD Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages.
GOOD Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something NOT_more brooding, NOT_even NOT_prayerful.
GOOD Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time.
GOOD I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a NOT_single moment that isn't operating at 100%.
GOOD A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama.
FAIR James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative.
GOOD A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character.The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best.
GOOD Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.
GOOD The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.
GOOD Relentlessly entertaining
GOOD This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens.
GOOD At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion.
GOOD The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel.
GOOD The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.
GOOD A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling.
GOOD While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive.If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list.
GOOD The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid.
GOOD The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect.
GOOD seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies
GOOD ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure.
GOOD One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades.
GOOD To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre.
GOOD [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema.
GOOD The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas.
GOOD Brilliant anime.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
FAIR The Golden Compass isn't bad, it's cast is too good and it's too well made, but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost, leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself.
BAD I realize that when you make a book into a movie you cannot include every single detail, but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story.
GOOD This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.
FAIR ...if I hadn't NOT_liked Pullman's books NOT_so NOT_much, I NOT_probably would NOT_have NOT_liked this movie version NOT_more than I did.
FAIR Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy?Hard to say.But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.
BAD Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy, who would normally be a pick-me-up, but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home.
BAD The Golden Compass should be fun, but it rarely is.It should sweep you away, but it rarely does.For a film suffused with magic, it is, regrettably, far from magical.
BAD No, I didn't NOT_read the novel before NOT_seeing the film, and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it, either.Made me hate polar bears, and I used to love the darned things, so that's saying something.
BAD Read this review, skip this movie, and instead read the excellent books.Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation.
GOOD A beautiful, thought-provoking fantasy film.
BAD This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.
BAD Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force.
BAD koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima, den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi, poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
FAIR The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...
BAD The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie.
BAD All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
BAD My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt, and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it.
FAIR [Kidman's Mrs. Coulter is] a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact, if she were any more evil, she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann.
BAD Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.
BAD In adapting Pullman's novel, Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex (and controversial) theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot.
FAIR ...the cast is deadly serious, bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions.
BAD The Catholic League thinks it's anti-Catholic.Admirers of Philip Pullman's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book.Me, I just think it blows.
FAIR For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism, at least it's more entertaining than last year's Christian allegory The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
FAIR Exciting and entertaining, although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going.
GOOD Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences, there's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that's unusual in such works.
BAD Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.
BAD ...the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in (and hold the interest of) neophytes.
BAD I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never NOT_got into the story.I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.
BAD Wanting to appeal to a broad audience %u2014 especially young teens %u2014 is more than fine.It's admirable.But soulful, philosophical 13-year-olds do exist.They do!And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved.
BAD Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo, this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
FAIR Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set, The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery.
BAD Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate.
GOOD What I enjoyed, besides the visual feast, is its story line clarity, commanding characters both human and not, originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama.
FAIR Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy.
FAIR Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair.It is a decent enough feature, but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it.
FAIR Molonoti agono thematika, alla kai aisthitika se megalo bathmo, to ekstremistiko kinimatografiko homage toy Takashi Miike, poy ston aksona toy Yojimbo (1961) pantreyei ta spaghetti toy Leone me ta samurai toy Kurosawa, einai ena diabolemena apolaystiko st
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is a singular work of art that both celebrates those disjointed parts and synthesizes them into a strangely cohesive %u2013 and more amazingly, unique whole.
BAD ...everything that was supposed to enliven the picture perfect images just seemed to drag them down with lame dialogue and cliched action.
FAIR Miike knows how to film cartoonish violence with style, and the sillier the movie becomes in its mayhem, the harder it is to turn away from.
FAIR As much of a hoot as the movie is, it feels like just an exercise well before it ends.
BAD Sukiyaki Western Django is Takashi Miike's frantic swirl of a spaghetti western, marrying eastern and western elements in what could be taken as either homage or parody -- or both.
BAD The chaotic elements never NOT_really NOT_coalesce into a NOT_sensible whole beyond the idea that this NOT_is what, at that moment, Miike thought would be really cool...the film is cluttered and not NOT_very fun.
BAD Cult director Takashi Miike's English-language Sukiyaki Western Django has style to burn but self-destructs like a wildfire as it attempts to spoof spaghetti westerns -- a passe endeavor -- and Sergio Corbucci's Django in particular.
BAD An homage to the concept of "more is less."
FAIR More action, gun fights and swords fail to make this a better film than the spaghetti westerns that came before.Tarantino is great but his small part is too little to lift this Eastern oater much above average.
FAIR It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest.Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never NOT_rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't NOT_actually NOT_offer up anything new.
BAD The lurid sets and savage and startling action will undoubtedly have cult appeal as the conventions of physics, history and genre are all ignored in this overblown fever dream.
FAIR Utterly deranged.
BAD It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one.It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.
BAD A lightweight goof that feels a little dashed-off, the latest from cult director Takashi Miike won't NOT_earn him any NOT_new fans, but might entertain the many he's already got.
FAIR Sukiyaki Western Django is comfort food garnished with aural and ocular delights.It's often quite moving, as well; though not the NOT_most NOT_nutritious repast, NOT_few will NOT_describe it as forgettable.
FAIR A loving and lurid pastiche of the spaghetti westerns that were themselves lurid pastiches of classic Hollywood cowboy pictures.
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is Sergio Leone on LSD.It's every '60s/'70s revisionist western riff supersaturated in stylized bombast and a purposed perversion of the motion picture mannerism.
FAIR Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.
FAIR a western/samurai monstrosity consuming itself
FAIR Miike's taste for boldly violent and darkly comic action finds glorious craziness in the splatter of blood and mixture of styles.
BAD For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.
BAD Though Miike is a visually accomplished filmmaker capable of staging simultaneous action on more than one visual plane, his knack for aesthetic inventiveness only surfaces in occasional moments of inspiration.
FAIR While the film felt rushed (or ignored) in certain areas, Miike excels to the top of his game in others (oh, the awesome eye candy!)....If you're looking for a Takashi Miike film, you've found it.
GOOD Yes, it's completely bonkers but that's what makes it so great.
FAIR Sem exibir qualquer intencao de ser um bom filme, o longa se resume a uma colecao de excentricidades que ora funcionam como magica e ora caem como verdadeiras bombas sobre a plateia.
BAD ...oppressive and tedious and interminable.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
BAD it's a lot like Deep Blue Sea and The Abyss, minus the camp value and special effects, respectively
BAD C'mon, I bet it's been at least a month since you've seen a movie about ravenous sharks turned loco by the appearance of a radioactive alien space nugget from beyond Mars.
BAD It resembles something made for the SyFy Channel.
FAIR A low-key adventure packed with the kind of fantasy that's endlessly ridiculous yet loveable in a Harryhausen kind of way.
GOOD Even as a spectacular victim of its own success, the film retains a primitive, raw, vulgarly masculine power that leaves it powerful in all the right ways, and surprisingly un-dated.
GOOD In Peckinpah's world, the law and the lawless are one and the same - destructive agents of chaos.
GOOD It's the melancholy, the desolation.It's one of the saddest Westerns ever made.
GOOD In an era when body-count films mirror the mounting body count offscreen, The Wild Bunch dissects death rather than glorifying it.
GOOD The Wild Bunch is an American masterpiece, one of the greatest films ever produced in the Hollywood system.
GOOD It's one of the great, arrogant take-it-or-leave-it jobs in history, and by this point it is so beyond either defense or attack that I come neither to praise nor to bury it but merely to describe it.
GOOD one of the absolute best movies in the short history of the medium
GOOD ...a landmark Western and a good, thoughtful, rousing adventure besides.
GOOD The sign of change in the old formula, the advancement of technology and time in a genre that brutally snuffed both.
GOOD A glorious and brutal Western that's truly one of a kind.
GOOD The Wild Bunch takes the basic elements of the Western movie myth, which once defined a simple, morally comprehensible world, and by bending them turns them into symbols of futility and aimless corruption.
GOOD An incredible western.Opened the door to a whole new world of violence.
GOOD Time may have diminished the film's shock value, but time hasn't faded The Wild Bunch's immense appeal.
GOOD Peckinpah tells intense tales of male bonding, where honor and loyalty are the codes to follow, even if it means a bloody end.When paired with the mythology of the Western, it adds up to a fascinating movie.
GOOD It's a thoroughly modern movie, and has barely aged a bit since its release, since it places itself in opposition to all things past.
GOOD Although all of Peckinpah's films are important in one way or another, The Wild Bunch clearly stands out among them as his master achievement.
GOOD It is impossible to write a history of modern cinema without mentioning The Wild Bunch.
GOOD Seeing this restored version is like understanding the film at last.
GOOD There are some wonderfully exciting action scenes, although much of it comes off a little bittersweet, as if these are the final days of some sad, wild animal.
GOOD An extraordinarily well-made film about anachronistic outlaws in the early 20th century.
GOOD A true cinematic touchstone, the film has influenced a generation of movie makers, from Scorsese to Tarantino to Hong Kong action king John Woo.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_does The Wild Bunch NOT_illustrate Peckinpah's mastery of his medium, but it presents a story that is effective on nearly every level.
FAIR A far, far cry from "Lawrence of Arabia," but it has its diversions.
BAD There's an enormous amount of perverse pleasure to be had here for those who get off on the annihilation of nuance.
FAIR While a plot contrivance late in the day ensures that an opportunity for a climactic battle sequence is not wasted, the film NOT_is NOT_not NOT_really an action epic, but a sweeping story about belief sets in the Arab world.
BAD At 130 minutes, Black Gold does outstay its welcome with too many confused or aborted storylines.
BAD A contemporary Lawrence of Arabia ... it is not because it's NOT_not NOT_beating with any NOT_passionate heart ...
BAD It's all very glossy, yet remains an emotionally arid affair.
BAD The real problem is that Black Gold is rather dull, and much too long for comfort.
BAD The clumsy script never NOT_really NOT_delivers epic drama.Great action scenes, though.
BAD It would be easy to laugh off if it wasn't NOT_so NOT_clearly a comment on NOT_historical reality.
BAD It might look good but it's an anachronism that totally loses its way in the desert.Given the director's enthusiasm, Black Gold should have sparkled.
BAD Black Gold feels like it could have been made in the 1950s; we have come to expect a little more from our blockbusters.
BAD Like a cool oasis, the end credits shimmer tantalisingly on the horizon throughout this punishingly tedious Arabian epic...
BAD The screen is as wide as the universe, but the further you go in either direction the more you realise you have been there before.
BAD A distinctly average adventure which has us wishing for more.
BAD The direction drags, the performances are uneven and there's a strong sense that the fictionalised story is less interesting than the reality.
BAD It just goes on and on - the cinematic equivalent of watching sand pouring through an egg timer that takes well over two hours to empty.
BAD A movie that's fascinating in many respects, but doesn't NOT_really NOT_work as the NOT_lavish entertainment intended.
BAD The production values don't stint on gloss and camels, but like the black gold that underpins all the desert feuds, Jean-Jacques Annaud's script is definitely crude.
BAD Ambitious but very tedious and talkatively hackneyed, redeemed just a smidge by the money shots of a swarm of extras on horseback sweeping across the sands.
BAD Banderas hams and Pinto flutters.If it weren't for NOT_Strong and some colourful art direction, you could chalk this up as a busted well.
BAD Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
FAIR I never NOT_held The Lost World in NOT_such NOT_high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap.After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
FAIR Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
FAIR This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
FAIR Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
BAD This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
BAD Been there, done that.Now there's just more of it.
FAIR The story, it must be said, is no NOT_great shakes, although it's NOT_not NOT_half NOT_bad by action-movie standards.But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
BAD The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
GOOD Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no NOT_other goal in mind than to NOT_scare and delight the audience.
BAD Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
BAD A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
FAIR The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
FAIR Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not NOT_worry whether or not it NOT_falls NOT_short of Jurassic Park.
GOOD The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
BAD The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
BAD It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
BAD Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not NOT_enough.
FAIR Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
FAIR This was made to make money and entertain.And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
FAIR It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
BAD It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
FAIR With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
FAIR Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
GOOD Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
GOOD Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
GOOD Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
FAIR Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
FAIR The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
FAIR While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
GOOD It may not NOT_have the NOT_visual panache of the NOT_first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
BAD They didn't NOT_go NOT_full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
FAIR It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't NOT_harmed by a NOT_short-term money grab.
FAIR The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
FAIR That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
FAIR Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
BAD an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
FAIR It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
BAD This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
FAIR A solid lead-up to the finale.
FAIR As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
GOOD This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
FAIR It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax.In other words, it's a drag.
FAIR a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't NOT_necessarily NOT_make it any NOT_easier to NOT_slog through
FAIR In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
FAIR Better than the first, not NOT_as NOT_good as the second.
FAIR So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
GOOD This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
BAD Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
FAIR The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors.The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't NOT_seen those NOT_films.
FAIR Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
GOOD In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
BAD The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
GOOD Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
GOOD An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
GOOD A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
BAD This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
BAD Weak source material split into two films for no NOT_creative advantage NOT_only NOT_results in a NOT_disappointing NOT_artistic decision NOT_ruled by NOT_financial greed.The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
BAD A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst.It don't NOT_got no bounce.
BAD It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait.And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
FAIR So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
BAD Dark and too often tedious.
FAIR The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze.We must wait another year for release.
GOOD A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
FAIR Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
BAD Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull.There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
BAD Dreary sequel full of sex and violence.
BAD Its title all the warning any kind of reasonably actualized human being would need to avoid it.
FAIR Entertaining, but ultimately forgettable.
BAD In many ways this movie tells us far more about the values and age in which we are living, than the one it pretends to be returning us to.
FAIR It nods in the direction of tons of potentially interesting developments of plot, theme and character, but doesn't NOT_bother to NOT_follow through on any of them NOT_enough to NOT_pay off.
BAD ...remains an instantly forgettable, wannabe epic.
BAD In seeking to demythify the Arthur legends, the filmmakers wind up creating a new mythology, one that is probably just as fanciful as those it attempts to replace.
BAD Faz uma indigesta salada de frutas com todas as lendas referentes ao personagem-titulo.
BAD Misguided, miscast, and completely misconceived, the wretched King Arthur is one of the grittier, more earnest failures to appear this summer.
BAD Where "King Arthur" falls flat is in its laborious battle sequences.
BAD Bruckheimer's King Arthur is little more than spectacle, and not NOT_very NOT_interesting spectacle at that.
BAD History buffs will love this film for the fact that it's giving the controversial new take on the King Arthur legend.But your average moviegoer might find this a bit dull.
FAIR Pelicula de buena manufactura gracias a su produccion, al rostro de Keira Knightley y al carisma de los actores, no obstante, no tiene nada que NOT_NOT_ver NOT_NOT_con la leyenda original.
FAIR ...the cast is mired down iin too much dialogue...
FAIR makes a more valiant attempt than most, delivering a worthwhile action-drama that is just grounded enough in real history to be intriguing.
FAIR ...There is a lot to like about this latest adaptation of the classic tale.
FAIR Clive Owen is commanding as Arthur
BAD King Arthur may be a more truthful retelling of the legend, but it's certainly a lot less fun.
GOOD A brave and admirable little endeavor here that creates a whole lot of grand chaos in just a little over two hours.
FAIR Offers top-flight entertainment for about half its length before slipping into complete formula.
FAIR Ambiguity, subtlety, and mixed-up heroes are not NOT_usually the makings of summer blockbusters, but it's still a fascinating, stirring, great-looking film.
FAIR Whoever designed Knightly's "armor" has to be given a pat on the back by all of us who find her an object of sauciness and desire.
FAIR This Arthurian tale is more interested in the historical setting than the personalities within it.
BAD The lamest blockbuster in some time.
BAD Gladiator lite.
BAD Turns the Arthurian folks into one-liner spouting generic-buddy-picture characters with dubious hygiene, whose fates aren't likely to matter a damn bit to you.
FAIR It might not NOT_sit NOT_well with purists, but I for one was glad to see a new spin put on the story.
BAD ... a failure on so many levels that it's impossible not to NOT_feel a NOT_grudging affection for it.
FAIR Lowered expectations and spirited performances help make the latest quasi-visit to Camelot (this time minus the Camelot & the magic) a rousing bit of medieval hokum
FAIR My hat is off to producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Antonio Fuqua for an exciting tale about the Knights of the Roundtable and one man's destiny to become king.
BAD It starts out Robin Hood and ends up Braveheart, but mostly it just makes you just want to watch Gladiator again.
BAD A snooze, overcast and drizzly both on location and on the pages of the script.
BAD The fresh historical setup is intriguing early on and a pivotal battle on a cracking frozen river generates some memorable suspense, but the film loses most of its momentum in its emotionally flat second half.
BAD If this is history demystified, give me myth.
GOOD Violent depiction of a risky rescue; adults only.
GOOD No film from the Zeroes - hell, NOT_maybe NOT_ever - NOT_more NOT_forcefully NOT_imparted the horrors of war as thoroughly, NOT_coherently and hauntingly.Even justified wars run rampant with monstrosities, and this showed just how critical camaraderie can be in conquering them.
GOOD While fine films like Saving Private Ryan depict warfare at its worst, they do not NOT_depict warfare in NOT_modernity.I cannot imagine a better representation of war, with all of its urban complexities, than Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Action masters Ridley Scott and Jerry Bruckheimer prove that it is possible to extend the opening twenty minutes of Saving Private Ryan to two full hours.Now all they have to do is spend some of that time creating characters to care about.
FAIR It would've been nice to get to know a few of the men we're meant to care about.
FAIR Ambitious, sumptuously-framed and frenetic, Black Hawk Down occasionally errs on the confused, but is nonetheless a rare find of a war movie which dares to turn genre convention on its head.
FAIR War is inevitable, and often gruesome, but it also turns brave soldiers into heroes.
FAIR One helluva war film.
GOOD It's a rather shrewd move to not NOT_develop the characters beyond the NOT_most NOT_limited degree; the NOT_cold, NOT_wasteful NOT_machine-like quality to the destruction NOT_comes across all the NOT_better without NOT_forced melodrama.
GOOD ... A film that needed to be made and needs to be seen.
BAD As with the real life operation, the movie was not NOT_very NOT_well NOT_thought out.
FAIR The immediacy and realism of BHD is the key to its success, largely constructed through superior direction and a good cast, elements that ensure the viewer a harrowing yet enjoyable cinematic experience.
GOOD Suffers from all the same old war movie cliche's [and] the same old character stereotypes . . .Thankfully, most of the cast is up to the job
GOOD Scott and his cinematographer, Slavomir Idziak, take an already incredible true story and imbue it with a global view and an aesthetic sense that even the soldiers who were there didn't enjoy.
FAIR While the film succeeds as a visceral testament to all the servicemen who fought in Mogadishu, particularly the nineteen who lost their lives, Black Hawk Down is more punishing than anything else.
FAIR Scott wins points for realism but the overall effect is like watching a two-hour version of the opening 30 minutes of Saving Private Ryan.
GOOD The tools for making high-end action movies have never NOT_been NOT_put to NOT_better use than in Black Hawk Down.
BAD One big shiny but empty bullet shell.
GOOD Neither a jingoistic exercise in military muscle (a la Top Gun) nor an existential parable about the futility of war (as in The Thin Red Line).
FAIR This film made me sick.I mean that as the highest compliment.
GOOD Intense, realistic battle sequences power this movie, magnifying the difficulty of the choice between valuing life and valuing war efficiency.
FAIR Director Ridley Scott is back with another very well-crafted, thoroughly entertaining film... that only hints at what's going on beneath the surface.
FAIR Deja mucho que desear y muestra como su director ha optado, conforme avanza en edad, en cambiar la calidad de la historia por un exceso de violencia injustificada.
GOOD Black Hawk Down now becomes the gold standard for war films and I would have no problem with this flick NOT_being NOT_nominated or even winning Best Picture at the Oscars.
BAD O filme acaba se resumindo a uma longa sequencia envolvendo trocas de tiros, explosoes e mortes, sem se preocupar com o lado humano da tragedia.
FAIR "Black Hawk Down"...merely tries to convey the feeling of inadvertent heroism, and in that area, it succeeds beautifully.
BAD Scott's approach is so mired in convention that half of his images could have been lifted from war-story comic books of the 1950s.
FAIR I imagine most people will find something to like in Black Hawk Down, but I don't NOT_know why they'd NOT_want to NOT_be NOT_bothered with a picture that NOT_puts the audience through NOT_so NOT_much to NOT_give NOT_so little.
GOOD Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
GOOD Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum.What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never NOT_see the bullet that kills you.
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
GOOD A staggering masterpiece.
GOOD At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't NOT_let go.
GOOD It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no NOT_comfortable answers for NOT_solving any of the problems it NOT_so NOT_well describes.
FAIR Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
GOOD We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never NOT_quite NOT_like this.
GOOD As we see kids of no NOT_more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't NOT_give them what they NOT_want, we can't NOT_help but pity them.
GOOD "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us.It elicits a response.It pounds away at us until we break...
GOOD Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change.Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
FAIR 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
GOOD a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
GOOD "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never NOT_have NOT_known NOT_existed.
GOOD Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
GOOD Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
GOOD The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
GOOD Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
GOOD For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
GOOD Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
GOOD A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
GOOD This isn't NOT_easy to watch.But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
GOOD Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
GOOD The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not NOT_really NOT_like anything but itself.And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
FAIR ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
BAD The pinnacle of suck.
BAD Exactly as bad as you'd imagine a Van Damme-Rodman collaboration to be.
FAIR A gimmick movie, worth a look on cheap rental night.
BAD Rodman is more fun to watch here than either co-star, given his array of earrings and nose rings, plus hair that changes color more frequently than the first lady changes her do.
FAIR The talent of the director is not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make up for the NOT_minimal ability NOT_exhibited by some of the NOT_other people NOT_working on the production.
FAIR "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" is light, airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy.
BAD It's a harmless, lighthearted film with wooden acting, a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again, lots of ridiculous CGI.
BAD The only defense for this movie is to say that it's not NOT_actually NOT_'trying' to NOT_be NOT_good ... NOT_Are we NOT_supposed to NOT_applaud NOT_just because they NOT_set the bar NOT_low and barely reached it?
BAD But Journey 2 delivers a flashy and eye opening adventure product, with each cast member stepping forward to steal particular scenes.
FAIR The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it.Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is charming, in spite of its imperfections.
BAD Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters, but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get.
BAD ...a family adventure aimed squarely at children.For kids, it's fine; they'll probably enjoy all the color, action, and preposterous goings-on.
BAD Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations.
BAD Amusingly childish...
FAIR It's all a bit silly.But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls.
BAD Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson's 'pec pop of love' -- almost immediately forgettable.
FAIR Silly, colorful, harmless and fun.
BAD It lost me at the bees.'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne, in a similar vein as its predecessor, 'Journey to the Center of the Earth.'
BAD Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title.
FAIR With only occasionally awesome CGI, it's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD.
FAIR ... everybody seems to be having fun ...
BAD It's only mediocre, and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that.
BAD Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick "The Swarm."
FAIR A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing.
BAD A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2: The Mysterious Island's frame.
BAD Family values trump suspense, fun, and, of course, mystery.
FAIR Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth, like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island.
BAD The island is disintegrating.You know no one NOT_is in any NOT_real danger.The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush.
BAD Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel.Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping, and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure.
GOOD Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary, but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never NOT_gory.
BAD I would love to support a "dumbed down" version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book.But does it have to be this far down?And this dumb?
BAD Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson, who fits the same description.
BAD I swear some of the giant, Day-Glo vegetation had "Property of 'Lost in Space'" stamped on it.
FAIR Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie.That's not a NOT_bad thing at all.
FAIR The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero, with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle.
BAD You know we're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman can't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script.
BAD Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to make it fly.
GOOD "Rush" does for Racing what "Rocky" did for Boxing.
GOOD One of the best looking and sounding films of the year on top of being one of the most exciting.
GOOD It's a duel of dualism, with audiences leaning into the corners to decide whether to ally themselves with Hunt's hedonism or Lauda's hard-headedness.Howard's triumph is that the choice is never an NOT_easy one.
FAIR Morgan's talent for dramatizing recent history remains unimpaired, the race scenes are harrowingly exciting, and Howard gets fine performances from all, especially Bruhl in a showcase breakout role.
FAIR An entertaining movie with two solid performances that only occasionally stalls because of its sometimes heavy-handed treatment of Hunt and Lauda's differences.
FAIR Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.
GOOD Ron Howard understands how to frame intense action sequences, but frequently lacks the emotional leverage to avoid cliche.
FAIR ...a satisfying biopic that gets the job done efficiently and without much fanfare
FAIR Contains plenty of hairpin curves, but its most welcome twist is the way it reverses expectations in its presentations of the rival drivers, Hunt and Lauda.
GOOD As well as brandishing his usual mastery for pacing gutsy dramas, [director Ron] Howard's command over his division of digital artists results in some great sequences once the action moves to the track.
GOOD Really snappy entertainment, and the great art of making slick entertainment for adult audiences has been too long forgotten.
FAIR Rush will find your inner petrol head as you're faced with the reality that there's a knife's edge between death and glory.
GOOD With fine performances, extraordinary evocations of key races, a sweaty '70s feel and a celebratory aspect as we fondly remember two diehard nutters, this isn't NOT_called Rush for nothing.
FAIR Hemsworth and Bruhl make Hunt and Lauda into memorable figures, and it is telling that, by the end, I genuinely wanted them to like each other, but still appreciated the fact that they maintained their air of mutual animosity.
GOOD A fine tale about two men intrinsically linked by opposition who agitated each other into the history books
FAIR Good racing movie but with Ron Howard directing I expected more.
GOOD Rush has set the bar remarkably high for any filmmaker who dares to attempt a movie about formula one in the future.
FAIR The best biopics make the viewer understand why the subject is important to them, even if it's not.They find a universality in the topic that sucks you in.Rush never NOT_does that.
BAD Without a doubt, one of the most overrated films of 2013.
GOOD Ron Howard and Peter Morgan are a pair to draw to - and 'Rush' deserves to draw an audience.
FAIR The dramatic events of the 1976 Formula One Championship are played out as superficial rivalry between James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
FAIR Ron Howard adds another winner to his resume with this hip, cool-running crowd pleaser that's also a terrifically made movie all-around.
FAIR Works reasonably well in its Hollywoodized way.
FAIR Lacks an emotional punch, but the racing scenes are exceptionally well-filmed.
GOOD With Rush, Howard has not NOT_only NOT_made one of his NOT_best films but has also proven that the combination of car racing and movie need not NOT_be a lemon.
GOOD One of the best films this year - or any year.Certainly the finest film about auto racing I've seen because it focuses on the human element.
GOOD A compelling, high-octane thriller, literally and figuratively!
GOOD [It's] about auto racing... but it's much more interesting in showing how two men compete with each other without losing their souls in the process.
FAIR There is an essential decency to all Howard's movies, and Rush is no different.
GOOD A movie that reminds us what a great storytelling medium film can be.
GOOD A thrilling, adrenalin-fuelled ride that recreates 1970s track-side action with aplomb.
FAIR A fun film with a quirky sense of humor.Enjoys poking fun at Pirates of the Caribbean and in my humble opinion, it's a better film too.Think Napoleon Dynamite.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
FAIR Pulp thriller for Lambert fans.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is an entertainment without a particular point of view.
FAIR Much as I admire Costner, it is the very qualities of honesty, honor and sincerity he projects so forcefully that encumber this Robin.
GOOD There's no subtlety in this Robin Hood, but subtlety isn't everything: Grit and obviousness have coarser charms, and the director makes much of these.
FAIR The fight sequences are explosive, the physical production is impressive, and the supporting performances are full of juice.
BAD No NOT_longer a study in NOT_swashbuckling bravura, it NOT_is a NOT_depressive NOT_political allegory in which wit NOT_is NOT_as NOT_rare as a ray of sun in the NOT_gray British sky.
FAIR With so much money and talent at work here, though, this latest incarnation of the legend is considerably smaller than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Costner is not a Robin Hood for the ages, but in this expensively mounted production, he'll do as a Robin Hood for the summer.
GOOD Buckles are truly swashed and derring-do effectively done in this 12th-century adventure, which simply sets out to entertain handsomely and does so with a great deal of dash, flash and panache.
FAIR In the end, and only just barely, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves delivers the goods, chiefly on the power of a thumpingly vibrant last 40 minutes and some excellent swordplay choreography.
GOOD It was good in 1991.It's still good now.
FAIR One of 1991's biggest hits, for reasons increasingly obscure.Costner and company struggle desperately to make the Robin Hood legend relevant to contemporary audiences.
BAD The popularity of over-scored, "let's hug" bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls.
FAIR The bones of the story are comfortingly familiar, the action is rollicking, and the metaphorical moustache-twirling of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham is priceless.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...the film is so broadly characterized by melodramatics and overacting, it made ripe pickings for Mel Brooks two years later with his parody.
FAIR If not for Rickman and Freeman, this would be nigh unwatchable.
FAIR It wasn't NOT_exactly an epic, but it was entertaining, and that's good enough.
BAD Laughably bad.No threat to Errol Flynn.
BAD The only redistribution of wealth engaged in by this Robin Hood occurs at the box office when you hand over your money for admission.What a large scale mess this is.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a murky, unfocused, violent and depressing version of the classic story, with little of the lightheartedness and romance we expect from Robin Hood.
FAIR A famous story made Hollywood compliant
GOOD As something of a Whitman's Sampler of the darker side of Batman mythology, it's enough to please.
FAIR As diferentes abordagens esteticas enriquecem o projeto, que realmente merece aplausos com relacao ao seu design de producao.Infelizmente, os roteiros dos episodios sao medianos em sua maioria, comprometendo o resultado final.
GOOD Of all the animated superhero DVDs that have come out in the last few years, this one is the best.
BAD would've been bloody marvelous had two-thirds of the animated anthology segments not NOT_stunk
BAD A laughable disaster.
FAIR Exciting fantasy flick has Connery voicing the dragon.
BAD Harmless family entertainment, but not NOT_especially satisfying.
FAIR Seeing a large CG dragon talk like Sean Connery is mildly disconcerting.What's weird is the big lizard actually kinda looks like our beloved bald Scot.
BAD The script and the direction drags a lot.It gets way too wordy at times.
FAIR This mildly engaging castle-storming adventure is best pegged as a family comedy.
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring.And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't NOT_look like a cartoon... It's a NOT_fairy tale world that NOT_seems to NOT_sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all.It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR .The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not NOT_be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale.So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling.It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not NOT_only for the NOT_handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
FAIR Like Alexander, Stone seems to have been too ambitious and overextended himself.
BAD Bruce Willis, The Rock, explosions, comedy and action help this popcorn sequel rise above its more Sci-Fi predecessor, but even fans caught up in the action will occasionally find this live action film to be just a bit too cartoonish.
BAD [Jon M.] Chu is a stylish director, and it's fun to watch him blow things up.He also paces the material furiously.For awhile, this strategy works.But, as with most movies that don't NOT_have any substance, the pomposity and spectacle grow tiresome.
BAD This action-packed drama is as bland and forgettable as its predecessor.
FAIR Has a great deal more grace and goodwill than its predecessor.It moves well, offers up the occasional surprise, and never NOT_takes itself NOT_too seriously.
BAD I was prepared for the expected amount of flag-waving nonsense in this film, but one sequence with a Cobra member posing as the President of the United States is so offensive, it seems like it was an outtake from Team America: World Police.
FAIR Dizzyingly entertaining celebration of fireballs, wire-assisted martial arts and high-calibre firepower has more grace and poise than Die Hard 5...will surely make up for those disappointed with the so-so 2009 film.
BAD While it might be the height of critical cliche (and analytically wrong) to call G.I. Joe: Retaliation "a real American Zero," if the combat boot fits...
BAD This film had no use of the 3D.
BAD Retaliation isn't NOT_hatefully NOT_dumb - it's NOT_entertainingly dumb.But even after the umpteen millions it cost to make, it never NOT_comes NOT_close to NOT_capturing the imagination like three NOT_3/4" action figures can.
BAD Marries the steroidal firepower of the US armed forces with the narrative sense and technical elegance of a twelve year old playing with his action figures.
BAD Tea Party paranoia about Obama's alien identity and fascist agenda apparently motivated this disappointing sequel, which pits the Joes against an impostor U.S. president (Jonathan Pryce) working for the evil forces of Cobra.
BAD As to be expected, Johnson actually imbues his character with some humanity, but in the cacophony that is this movie, this doesn't NOT_really NOT_amount to much.
BAD Routine action adventure but that mountainside battle is one for the record books.
BAD Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis provide performances that should be in the hall of shame under the category "Best example of going through the motions for a paycheck."&#8233;
FAIR Folks, we'd all love to see a hard-line G.I. Joe film where everything is realistic, but when was the show ever realistic?
BAD If you played with G.I. Joe action figures...any crazy storyline you came up with is probably less silly than this.
BAD ...mind-numbingly moronic despite good 3D and CGI...
BAD If you went back to 1984 and told me there would be a serious production about toys called "Destro" and "Ripcord," I'd have asked you when lobotomies became mandatory.
BAD The movie ricochets between interesting characters and idiotic ones, between clever plot developments and ludicrous ones, between smart dialogue and -- wait, scratch that; there is no NOT_smart dialogue, NOT_just NOT_marble-mouthed monologues and limp quips.
BAD Where the first film is a rancid violation of everything that makes cinema even a little bit tolerable in any regard, the sequel is merely empty and mediocre.
BAD Sure, there's action, but these scenes seem more about shaking things up todistract the viewer from the overly convoluted, disjointed and nonsensical plot.
BAD Fight-filled and blasting but forgettable - totally lacking the essential element of cartoonish fun.
BAD G.I. Joe: Retaliation is bargain-basement blockbuster entertainment but some people will enjoy it for the brainless popcorn entertainment it is.
BAD This is the second awful G.I. Joe movie.It is even worse than the first one.Perhaps there is not a NOT_good film to NOT_be NOT_made from this material.
BAD The filmmakers appear to have handed a dozen or so G.I. Joe dolls to a 9-year-old, watched him play for 110 minutes, and then shot a scene-for-scene remake.
BAD Bigger, louder and, like, way more stupider than its predecessor.
BAD What a blast G.I. Joe: Retaliation is!And then another blast, and another, in a series of concussive jolts that shred any conventional sense of story as thoroughly as anything since the last Michael Bay film.
BAD A preposterous and messy 3D spectacle devoid of any kind of soul.
BAD By ignoring everything that made 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra a hugely entertaining guilty pleasure, the all-new writers and director of this sequel have made one of the most abrasively annoying action movies in recent memory.
FAIR When it comes to big and loud, this is the movie to beat for at least this week; what makes it entertaining is its unabashed wallow in these qualities ...
BAD The plot is a ludicrous mash-up of half-thought-out ideas.
BAD Plays like a tiresomely extended evening of channel surfing.
GOOD Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
GOOD The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
GOOD While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too.And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
GOOD By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
GOOD Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
FAIR ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
FAIR It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
BAD Does Costner think that none of us NOT_have NOT_ever NOT_seen a NOT_Western before?The film NOT_does NOT_have one hell of a NOT_good shootout at the NOT_end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
GOOD Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here.Real people.Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
FAIR ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax.It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't NOT_need to.
FAIR Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
GOOD Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
GOOD [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
GOOD Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its NOT_24th hour NOT_sentimental NOT_about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
BAD Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
FAIR An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
FAIR Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
FAIR The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
FAIR A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
BAD The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
BAD If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
FAIR It may not NOT_have the Duke's boots to NOT_walk NOT_in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
FAIR A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
GOOD The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough - NOT_well, NOT_hardly anything - NOT_new NOT_here to NOT_call Open Range a NOT_great Western.But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
GOOD Costner has not NOT_only NOT_salvaged his NOT_own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
FAIR This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher.This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
GOOD ...one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Great performances, but for adults only.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_serious movie, despite Denzel Washington in NOT_full eruption and giving his calloused lines more weight and authority than they deserve.
GOOD Marred slightly by an unsatisfactory climax, this is a cracking cop drama anchored by great performances and intelligent direction from Fuqua.
GOOD Thumbs up, without question.Unfortunately, Training Day could have been so much more than it is.
GOOD Denzel Washington delivers a remarkable performance in this enthralling and unique tale of a corrupt cop, completely transforming himself into an unexpectedly imposing threat.
GOOD ...an intelligent and riveting action movie that doesn't NOT_rely on a lot of NOT_special effects to NOT_tell a NOT_genuinely NOT_interesting story.
GOOD While most critics have chosen to highlight Washington's performance as the standout, it would be unfair not to NOT_mention Ethan Hawke, who NOT_plays the rookie Hoyt with a NOT_perfect patina of NOT_guileless enthusiasm.
FAIR It is unfortunate that the script by David Ayer is so riddled with pretense, but Washington, Hawke, and their supporting cast do all they can to play through.
GOOD Gritty good-cop/bad-cop drama is elevated to greatness by Denzel Washington.
GOOD Trashy cop-thriller entertainment of the highest quality: well-made and superbly acted, with Washington in line for a possible Oscar nomination.
GOOD For those of us who rank Denzel Washington among the best actors America has ever produced, it is more a thrill than a shock to see him take on the showy, villainous role he plays in Training Day.
FAIR I can't quite recommend the film.
BAD It aims to be a contemporary L.A. Confidential but crumples with a simplistic, unbelievable climax.
GOOD Larger than life ... a classic tale of good vs. evil.
FAIR There's an edgy, authentic rhythm to this gritty undercover cop drama that's boosted by strong performances ... and then undermined by an appalling ending.
BAD There are a few rather unfortunate plot coincidences that undermine the tension the first half of the film, and with the proper conclusion already wasted, we wait impatiently for the standard movie-ish plot conventions to wind down to the end.
FAIR A direcao de Antoine Fuqua jamais perde o dinamismo, mergulhando o espectador em um incrivel estado de tensao.
BAD [Washington] wasn't acting, he NOT_was NOT_grandstanding.
FAIR When the characters start taking obscene amounts of physical abuse and coming back for more, it manages to help you take the film's events less seriously... something that would have helped from the start.
FAIR ...an obsequious vehicle where Washington can strut his dastardly stuff in an otherwise penetrating but arbitrary streetwise adventure.Personally, this undercover movie reviewing narc finds Training Day a kind of tough pill to swallow.
FAIR I don't NOT_quite NOT_understand why screenwriters NOT_try to NOT_cram their NOT_more NOT_nuanced or interesting characters into something as conventional as the final act of Training Day.
FAIR All of the action takes place during a single day, and there's enough action in this one short period to fill the entire career of a normal cop.
FAIR If its content is over-the-top, well, it's still engrossing.
GOOD A brutal, fierce, and tense police thriller, Training Day takes a well-worn format and infuses it with freshness and verve.
FAIR Trama interesante llena de personajes tridimensionales y sustanciosos que seguramente haran pensar al espectador en los tiempos actuales que vivimos.
FAIR There's strong stuff here, a good meal for the appetites of life-on-the-line, action-craving audiences, especially those who enjoy seeing bad cops portrayed for the world to see.
GOOD One of the most intriguing studio films of the year.
GOOD Not NOT_just a cop movie
FAIR While "22 Jump Street" may not NOT_be NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_funny as its predecessor, it NOT_still NOT_manages to NOT_deliver a multitude of laughs over its NOT_stretched runtime, all while NOT_using NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_same premise.
GOOD If there's a funnier comedy this year, it'll have to be something quite special.
GOOD Despite some inevitable lulls, several scenes are as consistently funny as anything we've seen for years.And, like Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in last year's The Heat, the dialogue between the two leads makes up for the holes in the plot.
GOOD Full of inside jokes (hey, we're making a sequel) and fantastic performances, "22 Jump Street" is everything you want in a sequel and more.
BAD Its adhering to formula nearly kills the film for that middle hour while the bromance plot thread is arguably based in latent homophobia.
FAIR Proving that sometimes the same joke is funnier the second time around, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum return for a major serving of big, broad, stupid laughs.
FAIR All you really need to know is that it's the cleverest sequel to a dumb movie of all time.
FAIR While much of this is pretty standard stuff, it's all easy to take thanks to the engaging performances from the two leads.The screenplay contains quite a few funny lines, and the direction by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller is crisp and efficient.
FAIR Subversively satisfying, if senselessly silly sequel.
GOOD In fact, much of the bawdy humor in 22 Jump Street comes from its makers' staunch refusal to take anything about the venture seriously.
FAIR In a summer of sequels, the most laughs so far, and by far, come from a raunchy retro repeat that makes plenty of fun of its own recycled folly-and expense.
FAIR Begins with a clip of a professor discussing the meaning of yin and yang, and that symbol of apparently opposing but in fact complementary forces becomes a kind of theme.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is not NOT_just a sequel, it NOT_is a NOT_112-minute NOT_running gag about sequels, NOT_including the adaptation of the title.
GOOD Most stars are terrified of looking like fools but Tatum runs head-on into his dumb jock visage.
FAIR Perfectly satisfying... betting everything on Hill and Tatum being delightful to watch in their little platonic romcom and winning that bet.
FAIR You're here (or should be here) for The Hill & Tatum Show, which worked so well first time around and is just as good this time.
GOOD It's lightweight instead of high-concept.Silly instead of crass.It's the funniest spoof movie I've seen in a while.
GOOD The sequel to deconstruct all sequels
GOOD I'd like to report a murder.The buddy-cop comedy is dead, drowned in a sea of d*** jokes by directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller.Hey, at least it died doing what it loved.
FAIR What can you say about a movie that pokes fun at itself except 'Pass me the popcorn?'Because '22 Jump Street' is great grownup popcorn-movie fun!
GOOD Abundant in charm and loose-limbed energy, it's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser, possessing everything one wants from a big Hollywood studio action-comedy.
FAIR You'll be laughing too damn hard to care that sometimes 22 Jump Street feels a little familiar
GOOD They don't NOT_just NOT_repeat themselves, they become the idiotic Platonic ideal of repetition.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street.It knows it, you know it, and it knows that you know it.And that is why it's brilliant.
FAIR Wild, fast, fun and, in the service of comedy, bromantic.
FAIR Let's just say that the prospect of a 23 Jump Street seems more like a favor than a threat.
GOOD The plot isn't NOT_original but the humor is fresh and the humor is the reason we see these movies.
BAD I have a hard time believing the movie had a script that included dialogue.The movie has no character development.It's an embarrassment.
FAIR Phil Lord and Christopher Miller's second-best film of the year (behind The Lego Movie).
FAIR Funny sequel is just as crude, over-the-top as the first.
BAD I was let down by 22 Jump Street, and it once again proves that sequels are often inferior to their predecessor for a number of reasons.
GOOD 22 Jump Street pulls off the comedy sequel balancing act better than just about any comparative franchise - with extra points for skewing its own sequelness.
GOOD This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
GOOD How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection?If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't NOT_need a NOT_special category for those flicks we NOT_call NOT_'classics.'Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic.It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
GOOD O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
FAIR ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
GOOD Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
GOOD [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
GOOD A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
FAIR The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E.Lawrence.
GOOD Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E.Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
GOOD It's a truly magnificent film.
GOOD For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
FAIR The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
GOOD Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
GOOD An epic achievement in filmmaking.
GOOD A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
GOOD A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
FAIR If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
GOOD Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
GOOD One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
GOOD Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
GOOD Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
GOOD ...the best epic the screen has ever seen.In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
BAD As a solo viewing experience, this is feeble indeed, but invite some friends over for a BYOB bash and its entertainment value rises substantially.
FAIR Even if it is a compromised version of the TV show, it's far, far better than nothing.
FAIR Fluffy, good-natured, endlessly quotable fun, just like you remember it.
FAIR Shot in the same campy style that characterized the TV show, all the cast members look like they are having a great time chewing up the scenery.
FAIR 1960s flick won't appeal to today's kids.
FAIR Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles
GOOD Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.
FAIR It exists.
FAIR Campy fun
FAIR The delirious idiosyncracies of the '60s Batman are all on display...a pleasant-enough romp that's just a little too-distracted with its new toys.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR If you loved the series, the movie is what you would expect.
FAIR It's goofy, cornball charm sure wears a lot better than the last two "serious" Batman flicks.
FAIR For camp value only
GOOD Why do they always try to revamp Batman when they got it so right almost 40 years ago?
FAIR Holy Cornball Camp, Batman!This movie's a hoot!
FAIR While the film is far from perfect, it's meant to be that way.
BAD Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.
BAD I can't recommend the film although it does have its moments.
BAD The doting-mother jokes are all familiar, but rendered with an earnest quality, as though a parent-offspring mediation group is to convene after the film ends.
BAD Gag.Stallone's character should have been shot by overbearing Getty Mom.
BAD Sly is well meaning but just misses the mark.
BAD Stallone & Getty?No magic here.
BAD This mom is impossible without being funny.
BAD Further proof that Sly should stick to action.
BAD Being shot might be preferable to sitting through this
BAD Stop! making lousy comedies or you'll permanently damage your career.
BAD Sometimes, you just have to sit back and wonder what Stallone was thinking.
BAD I can't believe I watched this.
BAD Spottiswoode directs action well but at about 90 minutes, this film is about 60 minutes longer than its material.
BAD It is moronic beyond comprehension, an exercise in desperation during which even Sylvester Stallone, a repository of self-confidence, seems to be disheartened.
FAIR Although Rocky II builds itself around a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, the movie is anything but a lazy sequel.
FAIR Sly sequel is as predictable as a gym workout.
GOOD Pretty good sequel, among several that followed, this time directed by Stallone.
GOOD Considerably less satisfying than the original Rocky, but head and shoulders above the later installments.
FAIR ...can't help but come off as the most needless installment of the bunch...
GOOD "Rocky II" represents far more than just a good-looking fight.It's all about trusting in yourself and overcoming fear in striving for greatness.
BAD Rocky II has a waxy feeling, and it never NOT_comes to life the way its predecessor did.
GOOD The best of the sequels.Explores the aftermath of Rocky's success.
GOOD While cruder than the first film, Rocky II successfully drives its hero back to the underdog status needed to make the final fight as exciting and satisfying as it is.
BAD Feels, unmistakably, like Paramount and everybody involved was trying to get through it as fast as possible, dumping the series in an alley to let the rats gnaw at the body.
FAIR Lots of sci-fi action mixed in with messages about peace.
FAIR ...fun stuff, unoriginal or not.
BAD It's a shame The Next Generation crew went out on this flat note.
BAD The geek exodus from Star Trek will continue with this middling movie, a cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD Without an intriguing adversary for Capt.Jean-Luc Picard and crew, it's all for naught.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Tinkers around with an intriguing premise but with little creative facility for dialogue or structure...[splits] the difference between fans and neophytes, impressing neither.
FAIR If you're a fan you'll be satisfied, if not ecstatic, but it's doubtful that this movie will win any new converts.
BAD A movie that blandly goes where too many Star Trek pictures have gone before.
BAD ... The science fiction franchise that has been an institution since ... the late 1960s may be starting to show its age.
BAD Infelizmente, ha muito tempo a serie deixou de ser sobre seus personagens e passou a priorizar os efeitos visuais - e o roteiro do sempre mediocre John Logan, com sua trama datada e seus pessimos dialogos, so piora a situacao.
FAIR It doesn't NOT_deliver anything NOT_new to the series, and even fans might find parts distinctly slow, but it finally hits most of the right buttons.
FAIR Well, there goes the theory about the even-numbered ones all being good.
BAD Boring, dark, gooey, with plenty of earnest, furrowed brows all around.
BAD We are strictly going through the motions here folks
BAD To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago . . .
FAIR If this is The Next Generation's final voyage, then it goes somewhat gently into that good night rather than raging against the dying of the light.Should a final adventure give them the justice they deserve?Like Picard, I say 'Make it so!'
FAIR For me, this flight aboard the Enterprise was a bit of a letdown.
BAD It's been almost 10 years since "Star Trek: The Next Generation" ended in 1994, but you'd never NOT_know it by NOT_watching the NOT_latest film in the science fiction franchise, "Star Trek: Nemesis."
FAIR ...the Federation should consider their legacy before embarking on another tired journey...Alas, it's time for the filmmakers to stay home and avoid the exhaustive trappings of being their own worse enemy...ah, in this case...nemesis!
BAD ... it may be time for Paramount to more on to other Star Trek movie ideas or just more on together... enjoy it for what it is: one more time to see a beloved crew defeat evil in space.
BAD This will test fan loyalty to destruction.
BAD While there's nothing to fault in the performances or even the storyline, it's forgettable the moment the credits roll.
BAD A sci-fi snoozer.
BAD Sorry, Captain, our dilithium crystals are run down completely.The Star Trek franchise is dead in the water!
BAD Feels like a cold old man going through the motions.
BAD A cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD It simply doesn't NOT_have the NOT_sharp inventiveness and insight we usually associate with the franchise.
FAIR definitely something different, even if it doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to the filmmakers' NOT_obviously NOT_grandiose ideas
FAIR Sure, it's more of the same, but as the film proves, that's not NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.
BAD The dialogue is inane, the plot insipid, and with the exception of some nifty special effects at the very beginning, this has nothing whatsoever to recommend it.
BAD Somebody call Austin Powers, quick!
BAD To answer the question at hand, yes, The Avengers is pretty bad.Not slip-a-disk-running-from-the-theater kind of bad, but a shift-in-your-seat, "oh-for-goodness'-sake-get-on-with-it!" kind of bad.
BAD Fiennes and Thurman look fine in the familiar outfits, but aren't very good at banter, adventure or romance.
BAD This movie -- gaudy, grandiloquent and often staggeringly silly -- is one more example of how bloated and top-heavy many "event" action movies have become.
BAD The Avengers is, without a doubt, the worst movie of the summer.
BAD This big-budget bore looks lovely but is so miscalculated that you can't help but wonder whether anyone involved had ever seen the original.
BAD The cult 1960s TV series gets royally shafted by Hollywood in this stunningly designed blockbuster that's stunningly awful in every other department.
BAD This dull spinoff of the 1960s television series has a spectacular cast but little energy and no ideas at all.
BAD A few things you might consider doing instead of seeing The Avengers: Walking the dog.Turning the compost.Re-grouting the bathtub.Starting your 1999 taxes.Buying a dog.Starting a compost heap.
BAD Everything that the spy spoof Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery played for laughs, The Avengers treats with earnest, deadly seriousness.This is a mixed blessing.
BAD An unmitigated disaster.
BAD The Avengers is so bad it even elicits a horrible -- even embarrassing -- performance from Sean Connery.
BAD A horrifyingly bad movie by any measure; but it feels like the graphic proof of a vicious God in comparison to the television show.
BAD Thoroughly and consistently awful.
BAD Running a scant 90 minutes, it often feels as if a couple reels ended up on the cutting-room floor.Connery is absolutely delightful, though.
BAD Finnes and Thurman look great as agents John Steed and Emma Peel who set out to thwart Connery's diabolical scheme, but they have zilch for chemistry.
GOOD Having finally been forced to watch the big screen version of the classic '60s British TV series, I have to confess that I thought it was a lot of well-intended fun.
BAD To say Fiennes and Thurman don't NOT_have the chemistry of Macnee and Rigg isn't enough.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Don Adams and Barbara Feldon.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Boris and Natasha.
BAD The writing is unfortunate, attempting clever repartee between the attractive stars, but just succeeding in making everyone slightly embarrassed.
FAIR Its two stars, Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, rise to the occasion and create an amusingly proper version of the high-impact spy story, while generating just enough sexual tension to keep us interested.
BAD It will suck life force from you.
BAD The Avengers throws tons of wild things at you, but there's absolutely no logic to it.
BAD I had heard it was bad... but this is downright silly.
BAD Oh, I am so angry I paid full price!Don't make the same mistake I did!I can save you the trouble and pain and bitterness.Listen to me.Don't go see it!
FAIR A throwback action movie that invokes 1980s nostalgia in all the right ways.
GOOD The Last Stand is a fast-paced, action-heavy throwback, shot with a fluid visual eye by Kim Jee-Woon.Arnold Schwarzenegger is back and better than ever.
BAD As action movies go, it's okay.There are some good ideas underneath and an attempt develop them, but only an attempt.And though time has moved on, Schwarzenegger himself hasn't.As a hero's triumphal return goes, it's more of a whimper.
FAIR Arnie lurches through the film with a kind of defiant dignity, his signature mixture of self-effacing humour and good ol' tough talk allowing us to buy into the kind of big-screen hero he made us fall in love with all those decades ago.
FAIR Director Jee-woon Kim (I Saw the Devil) knows how to fill up the screen, surround his megastar with economy-sized murders, car chases, billowing blood-clouds and goofiness.
FAIR The film, though underdeveloped, is rife with big guns, flippant one-liners, improbable battles, high-octane car chases and way too much testosterone - all the hallmarks of a classic Schwarzenegger film.
FAIR ...it's refreshing to watch a film that wants to be nothing more than a blood-soaked accompaniment to beer and pizza.
BAD The gimmick of Schwarzenegger's return to cinema wears off quickly.A bland bullet riddled excuse for an action flick.
FAIR The Last Stand sees bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger return to the big screen following an eight-year term as Governor of California, because that is the reality we now occupy...A fun, dumb, enjoyable, dumb, mostly well performed, super dumb film.
BAD Mindless, dumb fun as Arnie grunts a few one liners and tries to terminate an escaped drug lord who's in a fast car and heading for freedom.
FAIR Despite some graphic violence and even though it is really silly, this is an entertaining action film showing that Arnold Schwartzenegger has not NOT_lost any of his charm.
BAD Surely the former governor of the state could have come across a better script for his return to the big screen in a starring role.
FAIR No, he doesn't NOT_demonstrate a lot of NOT_'Terminator'-style moves.But, hey, he NOT_doesn't NOT_have to.Schwarzenegger, now in his mid-60s, just needs to tote some weapons, seek revenge and utter a few one-liners, which is exactly what he does in 'The Last Stand.'
BAD Arnie stomps his way through a role in which every punch looks clumsy and every line of dialogue sounds like it has been learnt phonetically.
GOOD "The Last Stand" could be an old episode of "Gunsmoke," with its theme of the law versus the bad guys.
FAIR An entertaining, if not NOT_particularly NOT_longed for, return for the NOT_65-year-old action icon.
FAIR The results are surprisingly good fun, popcorn-friendly, and awfully redolent of Rio Bravo.Fine by us.He's back, alright.
BAD Korean filmmaker Kim played with the Western genre before in his wacky 2008 pastiche The Good the Bad the Weird, and this film is just as chaotically uneven, mixing cartoon-style silliness with grisly violence.
FAIR There isn't NOT_much of a story NOT_here, though NOT_it's NOT_great to NOT_see Arnold NOT_back where he belongs.
FAIR Satisfied customers may include undiscriminating action fans, Luis Guzman completists and Wayne LaPierre (one bad guy meets his reward when he trespasses on the property of a shotgun-toting granny).
FAIR As comebacks go, Schwarzenegger has chosen a really good vehicle with which to remind people of how he became so popular in the first place.
FAIR If slick nostalgia is what you're after, The Last Stand is for you.
FAIR It's entertaining, if a little (a lot) silly.
FAIR It's good to see Arnie moving back to the kind of public service he does best.
FAIR An action star is (re)born.
FAIR A suitably lightweight comeback for Arnie, The Last Stand does just enough to please his legion of fans, and proves the action icon still has charisma to spare.
FAIR Korean film-maker Kim Jee-woon gives it plenty of directorial welly, and it's good to see a film with cop cars flying through the air.
FAIR Arnold is back as an action hero, and playing someone near his own age.Therefore the movie is more believable and thus more entertaining.
FAIR A zippier, zestier film than ... its own hackneyed premise suggests.
BAD A creaky, lethargic and daft action thriller ...
FAIR Many things are blown up, in some style.
GOOD Entertaining, pleasingly old-school Arnie action thriller, enlivened by stylish direction, strong performances and some nice ideas.
BAD Cool to see Arnold back.I just wish the movie was a little better.
BAD Where the film could have been self-aware and a little cleverer for it, director Jee-woon Kim misses a trick by sticking to the action formula.
FAIR That Second Amendment sure kicks ass.
FAIR This has its moments - what Scorsese film does not?-- but over a two-and-a-half-hour stretch it huffs and puffs and still doesn't NOT_blow the house down.
GOOD There's a lot of tough talk from tough men in this testosterone-fueled thriller, as the thin blue line disintegrates amid gritty give-and-take in William Monahan's excellent script.
GOOD The Departed is a near-perfect synthesis of cinematic genius and commercial appeal, quite possibly the most accomplished and accessible film from one of the greatest living directors.
GOOD Bloody, brutal and brilliant -- DiCaprio and Nicholson shine in the crime movie of 2006.
GOOD The shocking violence is well-placed.The action scenes are always comprehensible -- no jump NOT_cut cheats NOT_here -- and the suspense will make you fidget in your seat.What a corker.
GOOD The best of its kind since Michael Mann's Heat.
GOOD This is rich and satisfying stuff with Scorsese rediscovering his masterful skill at delivering a narrative which crackles with acid dialogue delivered by a gifted cast.
FAIR As ingenious as it is artificial.
GOOD Nicholson's unsavoury grin and seedy menace are a joy to behold.
GOOD Rude, profane, clever, hilarious, engrossing, crowd-pleasing, ridiculously entertaining.
GOOD As cop thrillers go, this is the best in quite a while.
BAD I think GoodFellas leaves this for dead, absolutely for dead.
GOOD The Departed is not for the NOT_faint of heart.But scaredy-cats are going to miss a tremendously satisfying film, one that will have you leaving the theater saying, "Now, that was a movie."
GOOD It all makes for extremely watchable entertainment.
GOOD This is Scorsese's Serpico, his French Connection, his Heat, and he brings the same eye for anthropological detail to the boys in blue as he does to his beloved wiseguys.
GOOD Scorsese finds himself back in his comfort zone with a crime epic about loyalty and deception that's deeply engaging and viciously entertaining from start to bloody finish.
GOOD Urban film making at its best, The Departed is a brutally violent, beautifully crafted, and incredibly well acted piece of film making that will leave you reeling.
BAD The film is superbly shot, and the rapid-fire editing and shaky camera fit the constant flux that the main characters find themselves in time and again.
FAIR Much splat, little art
FAIR Scorsese isn't about plots; he's about people, places, and times, and until he departs from that, this film is a return to genius.
GOOD One of the year's very best and most exciting films.
GOOD The Departed heralds Martin Scorsese's return to the top of his game and simultaneously secures for the film a place in the pantheon of the very best of American crime cinema.Welcome back to Scorsese's mean streets.
BAD Scorsese revisits old territory in The Departed, and he doesn't NOT_do anything he hasn't NOT_done NOT_brilliantly NOT_several times before.
GOOD Probably the director's most taut piece of storytelling since Goodfellas.
GOOD What makes this a Scorsese film, and not NOT_merely a retread, NOT_is the NOT_director's use of NOT_actors, locations and energy, and its buried theme.I am fond of saying that a movie is not about what it's NOT_about; NOT_it's about how NOT_it's NOT_about it.
FAIR Director To doesn't sacrifice substance to style.The over-the-top violent flourishes, more psychological than paint-the-screen-red literal, will burrow under your skin.
FAIR Whatever he lacks in narrative drive, To is still the master of style.
GOOD The exposition is perfectly balanced with bloody action and muscular set-pieces.
GOOD The film's violence erupts in rare, staccato bursts, all the more horrifying for coming out of nowhere.
FAIR If it is too stylistically modest to win converts among the multiplex crowd, the film surely rewards followers of the genre.
GOOD If Machiavelli's The Prince and Sun Tzu's The Art of War translate to other centuries and cultures, so might Election and Triad Election.
FAIR [Director To's] talent for documentary-style realism and navigating complex political systems sets him apart, though his nationalism puts him squarely in the mainstream.
BAD The moviea(TM)s most powerful component is political.
FAIR This remains a well-crafted genre movie, and one that promises further developments in its final scene.
FAIR Like the late John Frankenheimer, director To marries his drama with action and superb composition to achieve compelling results at times.
GOOD Into a season of Hollywood blockbusters, this import arrives with the impact of a high-velocity bullet.
GOOD Like any good sequel, this film takes what is familiar with the original's concept -- in this case, an internecine struggle for supremacy -- and deepens it.
FAIR Triad Election is slow-burning and sedate, even dull in stretches.But it deserves credit for presenting such a courageous critique of the Chinese system, which combines the worst aspects of official corruption and mob lawlessness.
FAIR Like many Hong Kong mob movies, Triad Election</i is not about NOT_fleshed-out characters or intricate stories.It's a blunt, grimly efficient action movie that underlines the lies gangsters tell themselves so they, at least, can believe they're good guys.
GOOD Johnny To's superb, graceful new Triad Election actually has quite a bit in common with Francis Coppola's Godfather trilogy.
GOOD The director rejuvenates the genre by connecting the dots between a criminal subculture and a much bigger sociological picture.He's finally given HK cinema its very own Godfather.
FAIR Two screenwriters were responsible for this fascinating look at organized crime in China, as well as the continuing governmental policies that make the triads thrive.
GOOD Comparisons to The Godfather Part II are inevitable.For a change, such comparisons are also favorable.
GOOD Guided by To's elegant camera moves, less visceral than most Hong Kong filmmakers, the Election movies put a fresh, intriguing spin on the usual cinematic gangster motifs.
FAIR Ready for The Godfather with a distinctly Hong Kong flavor?
FAIR Plenty of films owe a debt to The Godfather, but it's rare to see inspiration used as successfully as it is here.
GOOD expertly captures the battle between old-school gangster pathology and the new cutthroat tactics of the corporate criminal
FAIR The parallels to all three Godfather films are there, if you care to look, but the Election films have other pleasures.
GOOD The surfaces gleam as luxuriously in Johnnie To's exemplary gangster thriller Triad Election as those in a similarly slicked-up Hollywood film, but the blood on the floor here seems stickier.
GOOD Maybe you don't NOT_know NOT_much about this director.But if you like Hong Kong action movies where everyone's constantly killing each other in a ballet of bullets (and other weapons), then [Johnny To] is your new Francis Ford Coppola.
GOOD This disturbing social order, both inside and outside the Triad, is the series' defining characteristic.Because of its emphasis, this installment satisfies, even if another sequel feels inevitable.
FAIR Election 2 is equal in precision to its predecessor, exuding a perpetual sense of danger.
FAIR The bar has been set so low in mainstream Hollywood movies that it's not NOT_even NOT_worth NOT_seriously NOT_analyzing this stuff
FAIR This one had the most potential, and in that way it is the most disappointing.
FAIR A fitting capstone on a collection of screen classics for the ages!
FAIR The only one of the trilogy that actually works as both a good Summer movie and a solid sci-fi movie in its own right.
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD For me, Sith succeeds in providing a satisfying ending to the films while also closing a chapter of my own life.
GOOD It did what I thought was impossible after the previous two films: it made me a Star Wars fan again.
GOOD A great Star Wars film and, dare I say, a great film onto itself.
BAD As blockbusters go, Revenge of the Sith has some good throwaway entertainment, but there have been better blockbusters with better throwaway entertainment.
FAIR The best thing about Episode III? Jar Jar Binks is barely in it.
BAD Although the stiff theatrics are part of the design, they're no NOT_longer excusable.
GOOD What makes this movie work is watching Anakin Skywalker break our hearts, and ultimately serve as a textbook example of how the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
GOOD In years to come George Lucas's farewell to his STAR WARS series may be considered his finest entry.
FAIR Against all odds, the movie becomes more than the sum of its creaky parts, building enough emotional firepower to destroy an entire hard-bitten cynic such as myself.
GOOD This is the film we yearned for as we sat passively through the shoddy merchandise-oriented Phantom Menace and the dull romantic scenes of Attack of the Clones.
GOOD For the 6th time in a row, George Lucas has done it again.
FAIR Why are blinds wipes and Fisher-Price spaceship interiors employed in a 2005 film?
FAIR Star Wars was a gamble in 1977.In 2005 Revenge of the Sith is the Empire.
GOOD Prepare to be blown away because George Lucas&#146;'s latest space opera is an absolute belter, recalling the old magic of The Empire Strikes Back and banishing forever painful memories of the last two Star Wars prequels.
GOOD Episode III hooks up to its sequel of 1977 as neatly as a space station landing dock.
FAIR Veering from moments of breathtakingly visualized valor to outright stupidity, Sith is a vast improvement over the previous two outings, but still and all, it's no Star Wars.
GOOD I am pleased to report that George Lucas has found his way back from the Dark Side.
FAIR As popcorn entertainment, strapping in for Star Wars: Episode III is like hooking up with an old friend.Half the enjoyment is simply the idea of the reunion itself.
FAIR As with the last two Star Wars movies, Revenge of the Sith is a visual spectacle, trotting out the best special effects Industrial Light and Magic has to offer.
GOOD ...at once a work of closure and of sustenance.
GOOD To Star Wars fans everywhere, a celebration of galactic proportions.
FAIR ...the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...
FAIR So boxed in by having to tie everything into a neat parcel that it feels constrained and is woefully lacking in surprises and dramatic tension.
FAIR Spectacular ... but it never NOT_really NOT_lifts you NOT_up into a NOT_new NOT_imaginative realm -- it NOT_never NOT_takes you away.It just keeps blazing at you.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not NOT_have NOT_created a pirate film to NOT_rival the NOT_big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up.It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out.The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant.All else is unexciting.Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no NOT_small amount of credit for NOT_being an NOT_absolute delight... and for never NOT_acting like the viewer NOT_is an idiot NOT_even as it NOT_never NOT_requires that the viewer NOT_be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details...At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't NOT_enough NOT_laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel.They needn't hurry.Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases.How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
FAIR Chaotic and far-fetched yet funny enough to have audiences rolling in the aisles.
BAD Given the broad drama of the series, their movie should be full of big ideas, and instead settles for redundant gags involving drugs, guns, and high school cliques.
GOOD Remake or no, this movie is hysterical.
GOOD 21 Jump Street gets the remake job done with tongue-in-cheek style & plenty of outrageous moments.
FAIR Because of Bacall's skill at writing great comedic material and Lord's and Miller's talent behind the camera, "21 Jump Street" became more than what it originally appeared to be, which is a surprise I'm always grateful for.
GOOD 21 Jump Street takes the basic concept of the original series, and uses it to create an action/comedy that is not NOT_only NOT_palatable to NOT_modern audiences, but appealing as well.
FAIR Co-written, produced by, and stars Jonah Hill, who took exactly the right attitude towards the movie: He and his costar Channing Tatum embraced the stereotypes, laughed at themselves, and came up with a surprisingly funny film.
FAIR ...feels more like a guerrilla stunt than a soulless and cynical cash grab.Hooray for Hollywood, I guess.
GOOD Slick and funny as hell, 21 Jump Street is one of the best comedies of the year.
GOOD A raucous, entertaining, and incredibly funny film that respects the premise of the original series...
FAIR For an action comedy, "21 Jump Street" had less action or comedy than I expected.It felt as if I spent too much time waiting for something to happen-either for a joke to fire, or a pistol.
GOOD The movie is perfectly pleasant, a smidgen too aware of itself but consistently sharp.
FAIR While the film struggles at the start as Tatum and Hill share little chemistry, they improve minute by minute and are one of the shining lights by the end, their journey boasting a surprising emotional pull.
GOOD t's less fun when the guns come out in the final act, but there's a moment late in the game that redeems the movie's predictable beats, before the whole thing dissolves into entropy and disorder.
FAIR 21 Jump Street is nothing like the original series.Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum have a great chemistry and the strong beginning and ending do a pretty good job disguising the flabby middle.It's crass, self effacing, 'meta', stupidity and it works.
GOOD Clever, profane and action-packed, '21 Jump Street' fairly leaps onto the big screen as one of the most enjoyable movies of the (still-admittedly young) year.
GOOD The best comedy to be released so far this year.
GOOD I'm as surprised as you that this film could end up being the funniest of 2012.
FAIR Lord and Miller mine the script... for plenty of profane laughs as they set up Hill and Tatum as a hilariously off-kilter comedy duo.
BAD ...it doesn't help, either, that large chunks of the film have been improvised wholesale by the various actors, which only exacerbates the film's excessively slapdash feel.
BAD ... latest in endless slew of painful spoofs based on TV shows takes an OK premise and milks it for an occasional chuckle before devolving into a succession of increasingly lame sketches.
BAD They know it's a joke.But like high school itself, 21 Jump Street hits the wall about halfway in and even prom night can't save it.
GOOD The humor squeezes just about all the giggle juice it can get out of the R rating.If you need a movie map, this 21 Jump Street is on the FAR side of town from Sesame Street.
FAIR by no means a NOT_great comedy, but it does demonstrate that playing against the grain can be a good move, especially when the people in charge have run out of ideas
GOOD It doesn't matter if you NOT_never NOT_saw the original, because this movie NOT_is a NOT_clever, NOT_fast-paced, action comedy...
GOOD A good-natured must-see for fans of broad, silly comedies with a little something under the surface too.Bright, breezy and brilliant.
GOOD It is funny because it is pointed and smart, and it is also funny because it is unusually crass, but the chief takeaway here should be that it is funny.
FAIR Rigorous planning likely was involved in taking the dumb concept of "21 Jump Street" and turning it into something that seems so effortlessly brilliant.
FAIR While hardly NOT_raising the bar in NOT_action-comedy, it's NOT_still a NOT_fun, irreverent, laugh-out-loud NOT_take on the beloved, NOT_small-screen original.
FAIR I won't NOT_go NOT_so NOT_far as to NOT_say it's good, but 21 Jump Street is certainly better than it has any right to be.
FAIR The humor may be coarse and crude but it is funny, and with these movies that is what counts.
BAD 21 Jump Street is a cockamamie movie.It's as rowdy as a dick joke.After the 21st dick joke, I wanted to jump off.And after the dick jokes there's a load of excrement jokes.
FAIR It has a tone all its own: drunk enough to lower the inhibitions; not NOT_so NOT_drunk that it NOT_becomes unintelligible.
FAIR Funny and clever but ultimately dispiriting, with a finale that affirms the queasy wink-wink legalized bullying of its early police-vs.-citizensscenes, and that associates manhood with a willingness to kill with a gun -- all for a cheap laugh.
GOOD 21 Jump Street is as fresh and original a comedy you'll ever find that is based on a totally stolen concept.If only all Hollywood rip-offs could be this good.
FAIR The film is driven more by its concept than by its plot but it's still a fun summer film.
FAIR Expensive, a misfire, but perfectly servicable for what it is
FAIR Delivers on the promise of an exciting genre mash-up but, even with a talented cast and revered team of writers, fails to weave a fulfilling story.
FAIR Patchy, if enjoyable in parts, but nowhere near as awesome as that title suggests it should be.
BAD Jon Favreau's "Cowboys & Aliens" is a film that starts off with promise, but quickly loses its way as it tries to merge two different genres.
FAIR Rather refreshingly what-you-see-is-exactly-what-you-get: a western with aliens grafted on, or a sci-fi invasion film with cowboys grafted on--nothing more, nothing less.
BAD A mercilessly boring, wasted opportunity that forgets to have a sense of humor, charisma, or aliens.
BAD While we were hoping and rightly expecting some old school magic from the director of Iron Man, the director of Iron Man 2 showed up.
FAIR 'Reach for the skies' has a whole new meaning now.The science-fiction Western 'Cowboys & Aliens' is an entertaining, genre-blending romp.It's a serious movie, too - a drama with comedic moments - and that makes it all the more exciting.
FAIR Not the Boys NOT_Own Adventure it could NOT_have NOT_been, but a fun - if often flawed - romp.
BAD No amount of gee-whiz NOT_techno-wizardry or nifty pop-cultural juxtapositions can save Cowboys & Aliens from two terrible truths: it has a dud script, and a dud director.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
FAIR we get a standard story, some decent setpieces and only a few funny lines...Take the ride, but don't NOT_blame us if you NOT_end up saddle sore.
FAIR Uma diversao eficiente que, sim, poderia ter explorado sua otima premissa com mais cuidado, mas que ao menos nao a desperdicou com "homenagens" tolas e auto referenciais.
BAD The two marquee stars don't interact much, the "big" action pieces are fairly ho-hum, and the movie just cowpokes along when it seems like it should be having a lot more galloping fun.
GOOD I don't NOT_think NOT_too NOT_many people NOT_are NOT_going to NOT_wander into the theater NOT_expecting The Tree of Life.The film delivers exactly what it promises.
BAD So in much the same way that 'Transformers' is essentially a robot war with a few humans stumbling around trying to get laid; this film should really have been called 'Alien Bracelet Vs.Aliens...With Some Cowboys Falling Off Their Horses'.
BAD The cowboys: great.The aliens: not NOT_so much.There's fun to be had here, but it falls way short of the pulp classic it could have been.
BAD A film where the occasional sense of fun is far outweighed by the omnipresent sense of stupid.
BAD Overall, a dull, overblown and forgettable farrago.
FAIR There is nothing that fascinating about Favreau's treatment, nor his source material, but compared with similar blockbuster fare of recent months, this curious exercise in genre bending is very watchable.
FAIR There's no doubt NOT_seeing a cowboy leap from a horse on to a spaceship NOT_is all kinds of awesome.
FAIR I wanted to more than love Cowboys & Aliens.For two hours I wanted to feel 17 again.
BAD The men's relationship is dull and under-explored and the plot is slow, unexciting and silly.Craig is a lot more fun in a tuxedo than a stetson.
FAIR If you can swallow the shameless set-up, it's all highly entertaining.
FAIR Jon Favreau handles the big setpieces with competence if no NOT_great flair; whenever the plot NOT_backs itself into a corner something NOT_else will NOT_make a NOT_sudden, NOT_inexplicable interruption.
GOOD A wild and spaced-out horse opera.
BAD This is definitely a film of two halves - the first is a fantastic western-mystery, the second is a lazy and silly sci-fi.
BAD Why has there never NOT_been a film about cowboys NOT_beating up extra-terrestrials?This movie will give you a pretty good idea.
BAD Favreau ... allows the material's imaginative possibilities to flare up and fade away.
BAD The density of inanity at the conceptual core of this crass sci-fi western starring Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford pushes outwards, inflating fatuous substance and propelling bric-a-brac in all directions.
FAIR The premise does pretty much what it says on the tin.
FAIR For all its A-list ingredients of concept, cast and director, the resulting mash-up is merely a superior B-movie, as uncertain a fusion as potato on a pizza.
BAD Yes, yes, cowboys punching aliens in the face can be funny.But it doesn't NOT_make this NOT_silly endeavour worthwhile.
BAD The plot has so many holes and unexplained phenomena that it's hard to know where to begin.
BAD Craig is a bona fide action star who shouldn't NOT_be NOT_reduced to NOT_spitting out lines like "Demons NOT_took your gold" in a NOT_husky NOT_Southern drawl.
FAIR Jon Favreau made a really good comic book adaptation out of the original Iron Man but like every director he's dependant on a good screenplay and this one relies on cliches and having taken on this mix of genres it actually isn't NOT_wild NOT_enough conceptually.
BAD Unfortunately, Cowboys and Aliens takes itself way too seriously to really ignite.
BAD What started as 'True Grit'-meets-'War of the Worlds' ends up closer to - whisper it - 'Wild Wild West'.
FAIR Enjoyable, well made and superbly acted sci fi-slash-Western adventure that duly delivers both cowboys and aliens, though a little bit of humour wouldn't NOT_have NOT_gone amiss.
GOOD Anderson is often mistakenly dismissed as a hack but the artist is actually working within the confines of Hollywood genre cinema, constantly transcending and elevating it through the triumph of his avant-garde visual sensibility.
BAD Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution, which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization.
BAD More high-calorie, low-sense, audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise.
FAIR It's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice: she gives the character just enough personality, but not NOT_enough to NOT_break the somber NOT_apocalyptic mood.
FAIR The Resident Evil films are not NOT_everyone's NOT_bag, although they NOT_seem to NOT_be NOT_evolving into their NOT_own brand of NOT_hyper-stylized cheese, NOT_made NOT_more NOT_extreme with each outing.
FAIR For those of us who know what we're in for with the series, the fifth installment is for better or worse, more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer
BAD You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you can't varnish a turd.
FAIR If you liked the other Resident Evil films, you'll like this, and the end suggests there'll be plenty more.
BAD More than ever, forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes.
BAD Resident Evil: Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept.
BAD Even noisier, more incoherent, and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors.
BAD While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused, this one seems a good deal lazier, both in the writing and directing departments.
BAD 'Regurgitation' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round...
BAD Containing almost no story, Resident Evil: Retribution NOT_shows the NOT_series' video-game origin NOT_more than ever.
BAD Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy.
BAD Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine, but the movie is just more of the same old stuff.
BAD Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn, but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson?
BAD It takes a while for the film to start being bad.
FAIR A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy.
BAD Dreary,loud and uber-violent but, having grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, there's no NOT_stopping this franchise.
BAD 'Resident Evil: Retribution' does feel like a miniscule improvement over 'Afterlife,' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course.
BAD A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones, the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants.
BAD The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement.
BAD Thuddingly awful.
BAD "Resident Evil: Retribution" brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago.
BAD A zombie plague may have laid waste the world, but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted.
FAIR Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects, director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick, glossy, futuristic action pulp.
BAD Nao tem historia; tem fases.
FAIR Paul W.S. Anderson's writing may not NOT_have NOT_blown minds and our characters may not NOT_be NOT_up for any NOT_awards, but Resident Evil: Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level.
BAD Anderson's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil: Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands.
FAIR You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight, form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other, or you don't.It's really that simple.
BAD I half-believed this movie was, indeed, a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong.
GOOD a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. "The Other Master" Anderson, it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema.
GOOD At this point in the franchise, Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop, ever-ending, ever-rebooting, all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense.
BAD Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys, then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing, ad nauseum.
BAD Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then, but if Retribution has one glaring problem it's that it has far too many of them.
FAIR Resident Evil movies don't NOT_tell stories NOT_so NOT_much as they NOT_provide variations on a theme, and that theme is: a pubescent boy's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare
BAD "At last," Alice narrates, "we thought we had survived the horror."But no.
FAIR Mini skirt girl power continues.
BAD The special effects sequences, silly jokes, tantalizing outfits and overbearing soundtrack seem painfully forced and fake.Or maybe a better word is shallow.This film, for whatever it achieves, is painfully shallow.
BAD Well, at least the title is apt -- this aggravatingly incoherent series of subpar music videos did make me want to see someone fully throttled.
GOOD Once again, the tone is that of a giggly, sweetly knowing, megabucks slumber party.
BAD To paraphrase Steven Soderberg, if having fun on a set was an indication of how good the movie will be then Cannonball Run would be the greatest movie ever made.
BAD This thing is pure garbage.
BAD Stupid stunts that defy rational belief, wasted casting that infuriates and annoys, and more skin than any woman with a brain, agent and reputation should display on screen.
FAIR [A]s with the first film, it's a complete goof, meant to be enjoyed with a large popcorn and lots of air conditioning.
GOOD Full Throtle is full of fun.
BAD If you want to see what $125 million worth of nothing looks like, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the picture for you.
BAD A lot less fun than 2000's Charlie's Angels, this sequel made for the ADD generation jumps from one thing to the next like a mongoose on crack, and yet comes up with nothing.
GOOD That Full Throttle is an exuberant, eye-catching and infectious film despite a script that probably only exists in theory proves that director McG is a damn McGenius.
BAD Runs out of juice the faster it tries to reach a conclusion.Nice outfits, though.
FAIR Taking hokey acrobatics to an over-the-top extreme, the Angels are as unbelievable as three Xenas on a caffeine high with some of the craziest action sequences ever conceived
FAIR A high spirited ride that just goes on too long.
FAIR A startling/shining example of Hollywood's ability to absorb everything, including anti-Hollywood sentiment, and regurgitate it as something sexier, flashier, more fun, and less filling.
BAD E possivel que nao haja nada para ser compreendido em As Panteras 2 alem do fato de que garotas bonitas nao sao sujeitas a acao das leis da fisica.
BAD Monte d'un cran ou deux les caracteristiques detestables du premier film.
BAD By the time Demi Moore leapt from a building and flew through downtown Los Angeles like Neo, my brain gave up and wearily waved the white flag.
FAIR Perfect brainless Friday night entertainment.
FAIR 'Un delicioso placer culpable que puede ser disfrutado perfectamente por cualquiera que vaya a la sala de cine sin esperar una historia profunda o seria.'
BAD Charlie's Angels was fun.For some reason, Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle chooses to be insanely incoherent instead.
GOOD Do not NOT_go in NOT_here NOT_expecting NOT_"an action movie" or an "up with people especially girls" kind of flick.This is basically PG-13 porn.And it's a blast.
GOOD Just as much fun as the first one.
BAD The term eye candy has never NOT_felt NOT_more apropos.
FAIR Director McG has a lot of get-up-and-go, but it's never NOT_quite NOT_clear where all his NOT_go NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_going -- NOT_other than to the NOT_next set-piece.
FAIR Stylish, lip-stick-slick, these flicks' opening schticks are like a short-wick cracker brick.
FAIR Bigger, louder, and more gratuitous (because 'naked-er' isn't a word).
BAD It's loud, energetic and popping with enough eye candy to induce pancreatic shock in a sperm whale - and the best part?It has absolutely no plot.
BAD It amounts to cinema for goldfish, so empty that even the makers can't remember what happened five seconds ago.
GOOD A textbook example of the perfect crowd-pleaser.
GOOD The biggest impression left by Yojimbo is the characterization of Sanjuro, whose iconography of stoic cool (that inspired Clint Eastwood's antiheroic "Man with No Name") NOT_is NOT_consistently NOT_undercut with dashes of NOT_comical realism...[Blu-ray]
GOOD This is one of those movies where it sounds like none of it should NOT_work and yet all of it somehow does.
GOOD Even Eastwood's Man With No Name NOT_is NOT_inspired, NOT_perhaps, by the samurai in Yojimbo.
GOOD The explosive outbursts of violence in Yojimbo are superbly choreographed, with Kurosawa's customary use of a telephoto lens creating a hallucinatory feeling.
BAD Despite the sometime appearance of the whole thing as a forthright travesty, it does have stretches of excitement and cinematic power.
GOOD Japan's definitive leading man, Toshiro Mifune, wields wits that are even deadlier than his Katana.Funny, clever, and never a NOT_dull moment.
GOOD It is fair to say that, without Yojimbo, certain key aspects of Western cinema would not NOT_be the NOT_same today.
GOOD Every shot in this film is a textbook study of camera movement and placement, composition in depth, and the use of deep-focus photography.
GOOD There's no NOT_denying its snappiness.Whenever you shut your brain off, it hums amicably right along.
GOOD Overall, 'twas a good movie, albeit kind of strange.
GOOD One of Japan's great contributions to cinema, the inspiration for spaghetti Westerns and the introduction of a new kind of film hero.
GOOD Great beginning and ending, but drags a bit in the middle.
GOOD Massive amounts of swordplay and treachery turn it into one of the most entertaining and best Kurosawa films.
FAIR "The Barefoot Bandit" never NOT_coalesces into a NOT_complete portrait of a NOT_fascinating figure, but it has its moments of difficult truth.
FAIR ...a fascinating dossier, even if the protagonist remains somewhat an enigma.Or perhaps because of it, "The Barefoot Bandit" makes a case for a modern-day folk hero.
FAIR [A] half-forgotten little curio for later generations to study with puzzled delight.
FAIR Car stunts, romance, and salty language in 1970s comedy.
FAIR The movie benefits from some excellent vehicular stuntwork, an apt role for Burt Reynolds, the introduction of Jerry Reed's "East Bound and Down," a bright turn by Reynolds' real-life girlfriend Sally Field, and Jackie Gleason at his hammiest.
GOOD quintessentially 70s and still a ton of fun
BAD The first in the series and the best of a lousy lot.
GOOD A raucous blast with plenty of great lines.Gleason is an absolute riot.
GOOD Gleason is the real show here, but it made Burt a huge star.
FAIR Good, stupid fun, but a precursor to some awful copycats.
GOOD The true mark of a good action flick is that it knows when to play dumb and when not to.
BAD Boring fight movie.Wayne Newton is okay, but nothing exciting here.
BAD A major studio actually backed this sequel?
BAD Even as far as this style of junk goes ... "Best of the Best 2" is pretty darn bad.
FAIR Lots of fun....sexy, slick and surprisingly novel
GOOD It will offend those who are offended by the very title; it will probably thrill those who take one look at the title and immediately want to see the film.
FAIR The results are uneven and occasionally mind-bogglingly bad (which is partly the point), but they're never what you'd NOT_call NOT_dull.
FAIR And what, pray tell, is the Big JC doing wasting his time helping Canadians?
GOOD The basic premise alone is worth the price of admission for this one.
FAIR Harris and Phifer's chemistry lends the inevitable tragedies some genuine punch.
GOOD "Paid In Full" is not the kind of movie that George W. Bush will NOT_ever NOT_see.
FAIR Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
FAIR For a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre.
BAD The story is familiar from its many predecessors; like them, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay.
FAIR If you saw it on TV, you'd probably turn it off, convinced that you had already seen that movie.
FAIR This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences, though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times.
BAD Harris is supposed to be the star of the story, but comes across as pretty dull and wooden.
BAD A standard, run-of-the-mill drug drama.
BAD Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance.
BAD Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe.
FAIR Rings true, from the smooth dialogue to the unaffected performances of the central actors.
FAIR The movie is ambitious, has good energy and is well-acted, but tells a familiar story in a familiar way.
BAD In this bird's-eye-view of the drug trade circa 1986, there's something missing: the buyers.
BAD A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood, this movie strives to be more, but doesn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.Good performances keep it from being a total rehash.
FAIR Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
FAIR Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.
FAIR Suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
BAD It's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick.
FAIR An intelligent crime drama, not because of the NOT_criminal activity it NOT_dramatizes but because of its powerful examination of the forces that drive criminals.
FAIR Though filmed partly in Canada, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years.
FAIR It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
FAIR ...does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices, good and ill, that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought.
FAIR Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks.
GOOD Epic, intimate and gripping.
FAIR The mountaineers climb for reasons that have little to do with nationalism - reasons the film clumsily attempts to articulate in words.It's far more successful conveying those inspirations with stunning images of them scaling daunting heights.
FAIR It's Kolja Brandt's gloriously edge-of-the-seat/seat-of-the-pants cinematography (much of the film was shot on location) that really packs a natural wallop.
FAIR The images of the Eiger are both majestic and harrowing, and the action is as exciting as in any mountain-climbing movie to date.
GOOD I have no idea if anything beyond the essentials NOT_is NOT_accurate.A good deal of it feels more like a 1930s movie than a 1930s event
GOOD A straightforward, wickedly suspenseful Man vs. Nature saga of the type that rarely NOT_gets NOT_made any NOT_more.
FAIR Philipp Stolzl worked in the same dangerous conditions as the original climbers, and we can feel the chill and peril in our bones.It's a shame, then, that the screenwriter, unlike the camera crew and the characters, was afflicted with such timidity.
FAIR There's no subtext and not NOT_much character development, but those aren't really missed.
FAIR The romantic subplot is underwritten and overwrought.More compelling is ... the impressively harrowing mountain footage.
BAD Some of the plotting (credited to four screenwriters) is too conventional and convenient, and the clunky running time is a problem - two-plus hours of this material is too much.
FAIR With knuckles alternately white from suspense and black from frostbite, the alpinists get progressively harder to tell apart.But the most compelling character, for all its brutal enormity, always was the mountain.
FAIR The word "gripping" doesn't NOT_do it justice.
GOOD This white-knuckle adventure is a literal and metaphoric cliff-hanger that gets a spectacular foothold on an unforgiving mountain.
FAIR Some of the shots must have been made on sets.None of that matters.I was on the side of that mountain all the way.
FAIR Most of the action is set on the Eiger's north face, and because this true story is not NOT_well NOT_known in this country, I NOT_was NOT_gripped by the NOT_very NOT_real surprises that NOT_occurred there.
FAIR Although about 30 minutes too long, it is still interesting with phenomenal cinematography.It's an exhausting sit, but bring your parka.
FAIR The film puts us on the cruelly beautiful mountain alongside the climbers as they inch up treacherous limestone crags and unstable ice fields.The fear of falling is palpable.
FAIR Five writers were responsible for the script, and the characters consequently have one or two generic characteristics and no NOT_inner life of their NOT_own; they've NOT_been NOT_committeed to death.
FAIR You don't NOT_have to NOT_be a Nazi to NOT_be NOT_totally NOT_mesmerized by the NOT_intense drama on the Eiger: the nimble ascent, the calamities that NOT_befall our NOT_noble climbers, and the pitiable disasters.
FAIR Kolja Brandt's cinematography is stunning, but can't rescue the end from some wince-inducing "Ain't no mountain NOT_high NOT_enough" heroics.
GOOD Stolzl makes the smallest details loom large.
GOOD Ssuspenseful, meticulously crafted, harrowing and thrilling.It's an incredible true story about courage and the power of the human spirit.
FAIR It is impossible not to NOT_put yourself in the boots of the mountaineers NOT_clinging to a sheer, NOT_icy rock face during a blizzard that NOT_threatens to NOT_send them into oblivion.
BAD Kolja Brandt's hand-held cinematography and Philipp Stolzl's direction keep the suspense level high.Unfortunately, somebody decided to insert a superfluous love story involving a completely fabricated female photojournalist.
BAD for all the tension-fraught, high-altitude rappelling and cliffhanging, the screenplay has little to counterweigh its commitment to historical truth
FAIR Cleverly playing on the genre's propagandistic ties to the Third Reich, the film reflects the tragic arc of National Socialism in each ominous crevasse and in every grandiloquent gesture.
FAIR Slogs through an hour of frequently rote exposition until it hits its riveting groove when the rappelling and piton-hammering take over.
GOOD A well-crafted, visceral piece of historical filmmaking.
BAD It's the snow-bound scenery that really steals the show.
GOOD Brilliantly shot, utterly convincing footage of young men inching up a vertical rock face proves nerve-racking and a worthy tribute to the true-life bravery of 1930s climbers.It's gripping and fascinating in equal measure.
FAIR Stolzl captures the period idealism and propaganda perfectly.The terrific footage of the climb is an almost unendurably tense watch.
FAIR Stolzl films their harrowing ordeal out on the "Murderwall" with tremendous skill, but the rest of his movie is lumpen to say the least.
FAIR Gory, scary, violent sci-fi is too intense for kids.
FAIR ...boasts a tongue-in-cheek, downright campy sensibility that ultimately pervades every aspect of the proceedings.
GOOD Insanely subversive...functions as a visually dazzling science-fiction action picture, a philosophical challenge, and a hilarious, incisive comedy.[Blu-Ray]
GOOD Paul Verhoeven's satiric, 1997, sci-fi, war-movie romance is admittedly an acquired taste.
FAIR Utter stupidities and other scientific impossibilities litter the script like trooper body parts . . .[yet] the film does something right
BAD What galls me is the film's marketing, moral and ideological cynicism.
FAIR Cut Paul Verhoeven some slack!
BAD Lacking the sophistication of the average comic book, it compensates with panoramic attack sequences, reminiscent of the Japanese swarm attacks in American war movies.
FAIR Repulsively thrilling and often downright hilarious.
FAIR A jaw-dropping experience, so rigorously one-dimensional and free from even the pretense of intelligence it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_astonished and even mesmerized by what is on the screen.
BAD It's a cynical wasteland from beginning to end.
BAD A nonstop splatterfest so devoid of taste and logic that it makes even the most brainless summer blockbusters look intelligent.
BAD The enjoyment you get from watching Starship Troopers is similar to the pleasure felt from a loud 'ZAP' from a bug zapper.And about as deep.
BAD This flick wallows in just about every moth-ridden cliche known to the film industry and relies almost entirely on naked teenage girls and recycled special effects for what it deems excitement.
FAIR Not the return to NOT_form for NOT_Verhoeven NOT_many NOT_have NOT_called it -- in the end, it NOT_is NOT_just a step in the right direction.
BAD In the hands of Verhoeven, the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale.
BAD Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen.But here too, Starship Troopers doesn't NOT_quite NOT_make it.
BAD The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless.
FAIR It's a sci-fi gorefest, and a fun one at that.
GOOD The battle scenes are phenomenal, both for the realistic and clever special effects and for the humor.
GOOD Intellectually, I can't really condone that message, but I have to admit that this will be a guilty pleasure of mine for years to come.
GOOD It is pure Verhoeven -- broad, brash and ultraviolent, and all up there on the screen.
FAIR Enjoyable despite the little redemption it offers humankind, Troopers fits every Hollywood convention while simultaneously breaking each one.
FAIR May just be the bug movie to end all bug movies.
GOOD Terrific entertainment.
BAD As written by Ed Neumeier, who also wrote Verhoeven's much tighter Robocop, Starship Troopers never NOT_gets over its NOT_180-degree swivel from NOT_teen-age love story to NOT_murderous destruction.
FAIR As a brainless bubblegum movie, it's an exhilarating adrenaline rush.
FAIR Just enjoy the fun of watching Neil Patrick Harris in his audition for Apt Pupil and roll with it, baby.
FAIR This is powerful entertainment that appeals to our most basic instincts.
GOOD Manages to be both fun and shocking -- sometimes in the same shot.
GOOD Director Paul Verhoeven is back in his subversively nimble RoboCop groove with the uproariously cheeky Starship Troopers.
FAIR Flawed but fun.
GOOD Shrug however you might at a story that has to pack so many characters and tangents into 140 minutes; it will still be difficult for me to see beyond the joyous awesomeness.
GOOD It's little surprise this is largely a terrifically enjoyable experience -- one that'll please both fanboys and the public at large.
FAIR Of course it's about one hundred times brighter than Transformers and Michael Bay's imbecilic spinoffs, and should keep multiplexes everywhere in its competent grip.But I didn't love it.
GOOD Smart, witty, funny, action-packed and surprisingly cathartic.
FAIR The bigger and goofier it gets, the more fun it becomes.
FAIR A fun light-hearted summer blockbuster that is weighed down by a forgettable villain.
FAIR Fast-paced superhero series sequel will be fun for fans.
FAIR Whedon must balance the competing storylines and screen time of the actors.He does it nicely, injecting humour and a touch of drama into the action -- and all without so much as a Tesseract to his name.Some assembly required, and delivered.
GOOD Whedon has delivered that rare action-packed, special-effects spectacle that is relentless in its eagerness to please and successful beyond its goal.
GOOD It's Summer's Mightiest Movie.Nuff said.
GOOD Was Marvel's ambitious dream for a shared cinematic universe truly worth it?In my opinion: Most definitely.
GOOD The Avengers is one of the best superheroes movies in a long time and is likely to become a classic of the genre.You would need to really hate comic book movies not to NOT_get a kick out of this.
GOOD The Star Wars of a new generation.
GOOD "Marvel's The Avengers" is a visual comic book and it doesn't NOT_aspire to NOT_be anything NOT_more than that.As a film version it succeeds-one is tempted to say-MIGHTILY.
FAIR It really is quite something that [Whedon] was able to take so many characters and put them into a movie where nobody gets left behind.
GOOD It really is an astounding achievement - a film that juggles an unenviable number of elements; combining what we've seen before, slotting them together and then adding enough depth, action and humour to make this a remarkable standalone film.
FAIR Marvel's "The Avengers" is the super-hero movie to end all super-hero movies.Why? Joss Whedon.
FAIR After years of buildup and prequels, "The Avengers" is merely average.
GOOD The first great superhero team movie, and a film that captures the essence of what makes the Marvel Universe great.
FAIR While it reflects a movie culture that has traded originality for scale - one wonders if there's a shred of originality anywhere in the film - The Avengers is grand, throwaway fun.
GOOD Yeah, it's all that.A tent-pole cash cow for the studio, a dream come true for fans, and treat for action aficionados, 'The Avengers' comes at you as the first true "summer movie spectacular" of the 2012 season.
BAD The overlong, stale experience barely raises a fast pulse, as the movie quickly stumbles into a standard film structure and doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_break free.
GOOD The culmination of four distinct franchises is an exciting and entertaining product.
GOOD Whedon's clear fanboy glee is irresistibly contagious to the audience, whether the heroes and villains go at it with fisticuffs or sharp, witty dialogue.
BAD By the time the utterly routine (and decidedly endless) finale rolls around, Marvel's The Avengers has unquestionably squandered the potential of its premise and its cast...
GOOD Delivers big time with everything longtime fans and newcomers alike could possibly want in a summer blockbuster that definitely surpasses the hype.
GOOD ... tremendous fun ...
BAD The result is 80 brief minutes of movie skits assembled in an order that sort of resembles a plot.
BAD The movie will be of interest only to Nielsen's most devoted fans and to those who wonder why Nicollette Sheridan never NOT_made NOT_more NOT_movies, or more swimsuit calendars.
BAD The jokes come in sporadic volleys rather than the steady machine-gun pace of The Naked Gun and Airplane!, and, with a few exceptions, they are less truly aimed.
BAD The blockbuster action thriller genre is ripe for sending up, but this lazy effort has to go down as a miss despite the presence of spoofmeister Leslie Nielsen.
BAD Sporadically funny, but never NOT_more than a sting of crude gags.
BAD Yet another Leslie Nielson movie parody, targeted this time at James Bond pictures and their many spinoffs.
BAD As funny as Nielsen can be, like all comic actors he still needs the quick-thinking jokes and zingy one-liners to be genuinely funny.
BAD Spy Hard just comes off as a long commercial.And yes, that means most of the best moments you've seen in the movie's trailer.
BAD Nielsen's schtick is getting pretty threadbare by now -- his movies used to wring laughs from assaults on his silver-haired dignity, but after years of screen buffoonery, he has no dignity NOT_left to assault.
BAD A classic example of why David Zucker/Jim Abrahams/Jerry Zucker-style comedies should be left to ZAZ themselves.
BAD Stay for Weird Al Yankovic's brilliant opening credits, then flee!
BAD Nielsen, with his expert deadpan and sense of comic timing, creates the illusion of humor -- for about 15 minutes.
BAD [Scores] only a handful of genuine laughs during its scant 78 minutes.
BAD Most of the humor falls flatter than Steve Forbes' flat tax pitch.
BAD A dreadfully unfunny comedy that takes Naked Gun-like sketches and rehashes them without a whit of style or energy.
BAD Never NOT_consistently humorous.
BAD Filled to the bursting point with witless, sub-Mad magazine movie parodies, pointless cameos by a seemingly endless parade of has-beens, and once-hysterical, now stale jokes lifted straight from Airplane! and the original Naked Gun...
BAD You know you're in trouble when the highlight of a movie comes during its opening credits.
BAD You won't NOT_laugh NOT_hard at Spy Hard.And that's not because the jokes NOT_aren't funny.Most of them aren't even jokes.
BAD Ugh.
FAIR ...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...
BAD The character development is as thin as shed snakeskin.
BAD This is a film that manages to take what should have been delirious camp fun and turn it into a struggle to keep any remote interest.
BAD Provides some unintentional laughs and genuine bursts of adrenalin, however hokey it gets and however Harry Potterish the snakes.
BAD It's fun to see the characters get eaten up.It's the people who remain alive and talking that may disturb the viewer.
BAD Not NOT_especially NOT_tedious, the snakes NOT_were NOT_OK, and I understood most of the conclusion.The only surprise, though, was that I made it to the end.
BAD Obviously the cast and crew don't care that this NOT_makes no sense--they NOT_NOT_got a NOT_NOT_great holiday in Fiji.
GOOD Despite a script that borders on banality ... and Strickland's sometimes distracting emoting, director Little and director of photography Stephen F. Windon do an exceptional job of creating tension.
BAD Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no minimo, que a refeicao seja composta por caras conhecidas.
BAD Even if it isn't NOT_worth the price of admission, it NOT_is at NOT_least a NOT_pretension-free flick.
FAIR ...a real popcorn film...
FAIR Surprisingly, Anacondas turns out to be much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
BAD It's predictable.It's clich&#233;.But it's fun to watch.
FAIR It took four screenwriters to cobble this together.That's reasonable.With the death of Ed Wood, it's not NOT_possible for any one person to NOT_come up with anything this screwy.
FAIR ...easily the best mainstream release of the summer... an example of first-rate B moviemaking.
BAD I never NOT_thought a film about NOT_giant snakes that NOT_eat people could NOT_be this atrociously dull.
BAD At best, it will come as a pleasant surprise to those going in with the lowest of preconceptions.At worst, it offers audiences a chance to get out of the August heat for 90 minutes.
BAD When the snakes do attack, there's not NOT_much originality or surprise to their methods.No one gets spun up and down like a yo-yo, or puked back up.
BAD More snakes does not a NOT_better movie make.
FAIR If you just want to see giant snakes eating people who talk too much and need to die because of sheer stupidity, this movie is for you.
FAIR The big snake is back and he's brought along some friends.
FAIR Dwight Little directs this exciting film that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
BAD As someone said, the only way you should see this is drunk.
BAD Who knew the science field was so jam-packed with beautiful people?
BAD I can appreciate a good B-movie as much as the next guy, but even by the very relaxed standards of B-moviedom, "Anacondas 2" is a rather sad affair.
BAD The kind of sequel that should have gone directly to DVD shelves.
BAD How ridiculous is this?They depend on cellphones that even work in the remote jungle.
BAD The only surprise in this unintentionally funny scarefest is learning that the characters you hope get eaten first, darn the luck, make it to the finish.
BAD Stinky cheese.
BAD Supremely silly but undeniably fun.
BAD 'There's a way in.There's a way out.'He's right.It's behind you, right below the sign that says Exit.Just follow the stampede.
FAIR Wisely prods not NOT_only NOT_ordinary phobias about NOT_big, NOT_bad serpents but also universal terrors of the dark, of narrow spaces, of drowning, of falling, of spiders and much more.
BAD The sequel might have the formula down, but it lacks everything that made Anaconda fun.
FAIR A fascinatingly disjointed hybrid of Western and combat film.
GOOD One of Leone's best movies -- and one of his looniest, which may be exactly why it's one of the best.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_classic Leone, but enjoyable nonetheless as many of the great elements are in place: maverick heroes, action, and Ennio Morricone music.
BAD The idiosyncrasies are there, all right, but they have never NOT_seemed NOT_less interesting.
FAIR Well-plotted action, but as in most of Leone's films scenes seem to have been deleted from the American prints.
GOOD Woefully overlooked... Top-tier widescreen action... Ennio Morricone's enchanting score and Leone's trademark flourishes handshake in wild agreement.Sucker punches its way to the top of the Italian-western mountains.
GOOD Features one of the most glorious and unforgettable scores by Leone's composer, Ennio Morricone.
FAIR not NOT_mean to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_seriously
BAD [The characters] aren't people; they're mere objects to stick in front of the flowing lava.
BAD Movie bombs L.A. with lava, audience with stupidity
BAD The special effects are impressive and the acting by Jones and Heche is good, although their roles didn't NOT_require NOT_much skill or inspiration.
FAIR The film, about a volcano erupting in downtown Los Angeles, is helped immeasurably by veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has enough charm and charisma to rescue just about any movie.He needs it all to save this one.
FAIR On its own escapist terms, Volcano dishes up a textbook serving of low-I.Q., high-energy entertainment.
FAIR The action, the effects and tough-as-nails Tommy Lee provide a worthwhile thrill ride -- even if the last drop wasn't NOT_as NOT_big as you NOT_thought it would be.
FAIR gives us the bare minimums needed for a story and then lets the lava flow
FAIR The coast may be toast, but it's the lava, covering everything like a malevolent tide of melted butter, that makes this a disaster picture that's tastier than usual.
BAD There's no NOT_real suspense NOT_here 'cause you don't care about anyone.
BAD I don't NOT_want to NOT_pay $7.50 to NOT_watch a movie imitate CNN.
BAD Oh, there's nothing like a natural disaster to bring people together!
BAD Hundreds of screen technicians obviously slaved on the effects -- and for what?A dopey subplot about a bogus arrest.Soap opera involving Jones' injured daughter.
BAD Volcano is an embarrassment, albeit one of the so-bad-it's-kinda-good variety.
GOOD These things can be done well or badly, and Volcano goes full steam ahead.
FAIR More about spectacle than suspense, a very impressive production which is easier to enjoy from a detached distance than it is to get caught up in.
BAD Like the substantially better Twister, this film insists on a thunderous, exhausting pace that inevitably becomes deflating.
BAD Volcano is an absolutely standard, assembly-line undertaking; no wonder one of the extras NOT_is NOT_reading a paperback NOT_titled NOT_"Screenwriting Made Easy."
BAD A ridiculous script and mediocre special effects mar this ludicrous disaster pic.
FAIR Memorable?Hardly, but the main actors are worth seeing, and that first act has so much promise it almost makes you want to forgive them for blowing the second.
FAIR This is one of the best pure disaster movies ever made (not that it has much competition).Congratulations to director Mick Jackson for a job well done.
BAD A host of characters is introduced in the opening scenes, but Volcano doesn't NOT_know what to NOT_do with them.It can't make us care.
FAIR On its own merits, has some very fine cinematic flourishes... if we can but manage the herculean feat of separating it from the older movie.
BAD 1985 sequel to American classic is tin-eared and creepy.
FAIR Best to see them as individual films with nothing in common apart from source material, one a classic, the other a strong enough picaresque amongst some decent fabulation.
FAIR There are some fine, Oscar-nominated special effects, but the excitement just isn't there.
GOOD A forgotten classic.
FAIR I can see why the Judy Garland fans might not NOT_appreciate this NOT_weird NOT_little adaptation, but it's actually pretty good!
BAD Director Walter Murch tries to infuse the story with the inventiveness and adventure of the Star Wars saga, but the results are disappointing.
GOOD Faithfully brings the Oz books to life.A classic.
BAD The work of ingenious technicians who seem either not to NOT_know what NOT_gave the NOT_original film its magic, or not to care.
FAIR Return to Oz is hardly NOT_as NOT_kid-friendly as The Wizard of Oz, but older children with a taste for the fantastic will find it interesting.Adult Oz fans will find it entertaining as well.
BAD Should've stuck to that yellow brick road
FAIR An underrated little romp, surprisingly faithful to L. Frank Baum's atmosphere... though obviously it's all overshadowed by that other Oz flick.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not NOT_too NOT_bad.
FAIR Unnecessary sequel is nonetheless entertaining; Roddy Mcdowall back in simian shape.
BAD Aside from Severn Darden, who relishes his lip-smacking heavy character, the cast seems disinterested; even series stalwart Roddy McDowall looks bored.
GOOD An okay finale.
GOOD surprisingly entertaining
BAD Battle looks like the last gap of a dying series, a movie made simply to wring the dollars out of any remaining ape fans.
BAD The bluntest, cheapest and worst of the 'Apes' movies.
GOOD Schmaltzy doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better...
BAD The battle was lost several movies earlier.
FAIR Fans will enjoy it, but the "Apes" gang could have done a little better.Not surprisingly, this was the fifth and last installment.(Unless you count the TV show...)
BAD At least it is only 83 minutes long.
BAD The Planet of the Apes series started well, and gradually decreased in budget and quality.By Battle the budget is all but gone, and all the believability and excitement has gone with it.
FAIR The only film in the series to end on a positive note.
BAD [For] completists only and definitely counts as the worst in the entire series.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co.fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never NOT_indulged at the expense of the plot, which NOT_flies off in NOT_genuinely NOT_unexpected directions, NOT_culminating in a boundlessly NOT_inventive NOT_funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't NOT_see how anyone who NOT_enjoys their NOT_animated movies won't NOT_NOT_enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something.He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny.This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids!Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_feel produced; it NOT_feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
GOOD A fast paced, highly intelligent, endlessly enjoyable matinee joyride.
GOOD I LOVE this movie.Bad sequels take away from the original.
FAIR Surprisingly not-awful cable-flick action-fest!
FAIR Whatever the political undercurrent at work, every so often you have to remind yourself that this happened to four young men, no doubt the NOT_brightest stars of NOT_loving families.
GOOD Peter Berg is effectively offering four Rambos for the price of one - the Seals' bullet-whistling gunfight scenes are a combination of Saving Private Ryan on a ridge, Heat on a hill and Open Range out in the open.Bang, bang, bang!And bang again!
BAD Lone Survivor comes off as a celebration of the martyred American soldier, that myth that makes it that much easier for old men to send young men to their deaths.
FAIR Knowing the outcome tends to lessen the intensity of the well-shot action sequences.
FAIR Encontra seus melhores momentos em suas sequencias de acao.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR Lone Survivor is a proficiently-made film with plenty to enjoy, but truly embracing it is difficult outside of an American context.
FAIR The most harrowing combat film since Saving Private Ryan.
FAIR Small in scale but just as intense, Lone Survivor's extended battle recalls the opening of Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.like its hardy protagonists, is determined to get the job done.
GOOD If there's one major message at the core of Peter Berg's outstanding, realistic, fact-based war film it's that no amount of NOT_new-fangled NOT_military technology can NOT_take NOT_away from the brutality and human cost of frontline fighting.
GOOD If Mark Wahlberg stars as an interesting character, the movie has a fighting chance at the box office - and this one became a hit.
FAIR It will be remembered for its bone-breaking, blood-splattering, white-knuckle skirmish - not for its NOT_performances, characters, plot or dialogue.On this level, it works.
FAIR For all its flaws it is both a gripping action thriller and an unforgettable depiction of the cold realities of war.My first reaction after seeing it was a simple one: this must be how it was.It may be the highest tribute I can pay.
BAD ...a disappointing, underwhelming actioner from Peter Berg...
FAIR A portrayal of strict military excellence and grueling physical performances, to which Mark Wahlberg brings his best game.
GOOD Captures the raw intensity of combat and carnage on both sides of the battlefront, and the heroics that forge an indelible spirit in combat
FAIR Lone Survivor sticks pretty closely to the facts, has real momentum and a series of impressive action sequences
FAIR While the violence is horrifying, the encasing narrative is perversely "heroic", with corn-fed dialogue presented as solidly non-ironic, and images of the real-life combatants used to stirring, manipulative ends.
FAIR An occasionally smart script - and four excellent actors - keep the project grounded.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
GOOD Lone Survivor does a magnificent job of making disorder intelligible.It's not a NOT_very NOT_nice film.But it is a splendidly effective one.
BAD The relentless intensity quickly grows numbing.
BAD Replete with a certain kind of self-importance and self-forgiveness, this Afghan war movie starring Mark Wahlberg has a distinctively martyred America-at-bay feel.
GOOD There are nuggets of honesty amid the gung-ho jingoism in Peter Berg's starry-eyed war story.
GOOD The picture may not NOT_be in contention for Oscars but it's a first-class modern war film: visceral, exciting and thought-provoking.
FAIR The film alternates between the pulverisingly immediate and dismayingly generic.
FAIR [The second act] is the core of the film, and it works very well.What falls on either side has been designed to support it, but comes close to achieving the opposite.
BAD Lone Survivor is well made and well acted but its refusal to pass comment on the central mission means that it ultimately feels like a gung ho fantasy that lacks emotional impact.
GOOD Luttrell's remarkable story of survival is worth telling.Inevitably, the temptation to depict US military as consummate heroes creeps through.Yet it's a more balanced account than you might expect.
FAIR nothing if not a NOT_deeply NOT_felt paean to the characters' toughness, bravery, and, most importantly, humanity
GOOD Berg reconstructs the gunfight brilliantly.Superb stunts, a dizzying use of handheld cameras, great editing and brilliant acting combine to make this the most intense war movie since Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Lone Survivor isn't NOT_always NOT_sophisticated ... But there's moral complexity and a climax in an Afghan village which is tense and surprisingly moving.
FAIR A severe portrait of fortitude under extreme pressure, somewhat marred by blinkered politics.
FAIR Mark Wahlberg stands firm as Luttrell and he also produced this version of events which, ultimately, celebrates the brotherhood of soldiers and hits hard, on a gut level.
FAIR The direction pummels and the cast impress, yet Berg's war movie promises more than it delivers.
FAIR A noble, moving tribute.
FAIR Lone Survivor' hits home and hits hard.
FAIR The film shows us the landscape of modern warfare, which when it is men with guns facing each other is pretty much the way war has been in the trenches since the Civil War.
GOOD A fascinating exercise in cinematic restraint resulting in a captivating, not to NOT_be NOT_missed film.
GOOD With A History Of Violence, Cronenberg uses the pulp gangster genre - as opposed to, say, sci-fi horror -- to draw us into a dialogue on our relationship as voyeurs to violence, both real and cinematic.
GOOD While it weakens in its final stretch...A History of Violence succeeds enormously thanks to the strength of its direction and performances.
GOOD The violence that enters the characters' perfect domestic existence is permanent, and each act reveals truths about the people who use it and the audience who enjoys it.
FAIR The movie begins slowly, methodically, and builds increasingly toward a devastating climax.
GOOD The tension builds in a slow boil, then ignites furiously when we're not NOT_quite NOT_ready for it.
FAIR Mr. Mortensen and the sparse, intelligent script hold it together.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR A strange David Cronenberg movie, and not in the NOT_usual audaciously morbid way.A brooding, contemplative picture that's tough, tight and masterfully controlled.
FAIR Lo mas reciente del canadiense David Cronenberg es un solido thriller, casi de factura clasica, sobre las ramificaciones de la violencia.
GOOD There are elements in this film that are 100% Cronenberg (the beautiful violence we so rarely NOT_see these days, NOT_subtle NOT_weird humor), but this is not your NOT_typical Cronenberg
GOOD What Mortensen does brilliantly is to keep us guessing.
GOOD Tematicamente ambicioso, demonstra ter seguranca suficiente da forca de sua narrativa ao permitir que o espectador saia do cinema sem estar completamente certo de como tudo terminou.E esta talvez seja uma de suas maiores virtudes.
FAIR Never NOT_does it NOT_deviate from Cronenberg's NOT_primal instincts.
BAD ... like biting into a sour pickle hidden in the bottom of your ice cream cone... simply fails to deliver what it promises to fulfill another agenda.
FAIR Three-fourths of this movie is great, but don't NOT_get me NOT_started on that ending.
BAD I have mixed feelings.Cool, engaging, well acted (William Hurt is brilliant).But could have used a bit more shaving in the editing room and a bit messy on point.
GOOD On the surface, this may seem just a violent gangster yarn, but Cronenberg has opened the door to a train of thought that becomes more disturbing the longer you consider it.
FAIR a pretty good little thriller, but clocking in at only 95 minutes, it doesn't NOT_have NOT_enough meat to NOT_be a NOT_truly NOT_satisfying drama.
BAD [David Cronenberg] no doubt NOT_wanted to NOT_say something NOT_profound about the nature of violence, but his approach betrays his intentions.
GOOD Some movies are to be consumed and discarded.History of Violence, a drama of disarming power, is not one of those.This is one of the most stirring films of the year.
BAD Olson should have studied a history of screenwriting before attempting to adapt A History of Violence.One of the most aimless, derivative films to ever be overrated.
GOOD A tense, tight and pithy thriller with such superb restraint that almost every detail matters -- and therefore shouldn't NOT_be NOT_spoiled.
GOOD A History of Violence is a fine movie that simply is too intense for many viewers.
GOOD This is Sin City with a functioning brain
GOOD Cronenberg knows this territory well, drawing parallels between sex, violence, and companionship...in this mature, compelling movie.
GOOD Violence is a turn-on, Cronenberg seems to be saying, but a turn-on that comes with a destructively high price.
BAD Tired dud of an over-the top violent action movie.
BAD The plot is such hooey...and the plot holes so gaping that End of Days proves more exasperating than enjoyable.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Never NOT_rises to the realm of exciting.
GOOD Part of the degraded charm of End of Days is its buffet-table derivative approach.
BAD End of Days isn't NOT_complete waste of time but all those who watch it would probably agree that this film's days were numbered long time ago.
BAD A lot of fun, but not a NOT_great movie.
FAIR Loud, lurid, bloody and ridiculously entertaining.
FAIR Um filme de acao incessante que traz Arnold Schwarzenegger em uma das piores atuacoes de sua carreira.
BAD Displaying precisely the imagination that gave the world such epic achievements as The Star Chamber and The Relic, Hyams dusts off America's designated import and goes with Arnie Schwarzenegger his own self.
BAD An effort which will join True Lies and Raw Deal in the dustbin of Schwarzenegger history.
GOOD If you liked The Exorcist, The Omen, and Rosemary's Baby , don't NOT_miss this one.
BAD Arnold, Arnold, Arnold, what were you thinking when you signed on to do this?
FAIR The biggest problem here was the script.
BAD Isn't a NOT_bad movie by any means; NOT_it's NOT_just a NOT_reasonably NOT_silly one that, in one form or the other, has been overdone to death.
BAD ...a run-of-the-mill supernatural thriller.
BAD Arnie's batteries seem to be losing their juice.
BAD The movie is as bloodless as a cyborg, and it feels as if it has been assembled according to diagrams supplied by someone who studied every successful sci-fi action thriller and then multiplied the findings by 10.
FAIR This could be devilish fun, but director / cinematographer Peter Hyams slows the action to a ponderous crawl.
BAD Nothing but groans and yawns.
GOOD There is much that is fiercely modest about its ambitions.And, for a war film, it is often disconcertingly quiet.
GOOD This is a harrowing picture, made all the more disturbing because it's based in a war that is being waged right now.
GOOD An important, intense, nail-biting experience -- really quite unforgettable.
GOOD The idea of watching people risking being blown to smithereens might not NOT_create a box office blockbuster.But this is certainly director Kathryn Bigelow's best film since Point Break in 1991.
GOOD It is visceral filmmaking at its best.
GOOD The Hurt Locker is set in present-day Baghdad, but it could be taking place anywhere in the world, at virtually any time in the last century.
GOOD It's a film about why some soldiers love war, a theme that's rare in war films made by men.
GOOD Bigelow's constantly moving camera, often jittery and restless, does well to convey the tension and latent chaos that bubbles beneath the surface of these soldiers' lives.
GOOD It is neither an NOT_anti-war film nor a pro-war film.It is, simply, a great war film about courageous men working in chaotic situations, and the collateral damage that comes with the job.
GOOD This is a film that doesn't distract with NOT_big NOT_self-aggrandizing NOT_political statements, but nevertheless succeeds in nailing the horror of the war.
GOOD The Hurt Locker transcends the political slop surrounding Iraq and cuts straight to the bone, letting us touch the hard, bloody reality of war without casualties of cliche or naive acts of emotional heroism.
GOOD Bigelow, one of the very few women working in the traditionally male-dominated action and war genres, avoids both red wire/yellow wire cliche and political preaching to deliver a film that is as psychologically fascinating as it is taut and exciting.
GOOD When the picture isn't NOT_ramping up your heart rate, it NOT_switches gears and becomes an intimate character study in what war does to humankind.
GOOD It's in refusing to plant a flag on one side or the other over the Iraq war debacle that Bigelow may just have made the conflict's defining film: words are cheap, but it's action that matters.
FAIR I wasn't NOT_exactly NOT_blown NOT_away by it (no pun NOT_intended NOT_here at all), but it remains an engaging film.There's certainly a great story to be told in here somewhere, it's just not the NOT_great film I've NOT_been NOT_hearing about.
FAIR It's not NOT_delicate by any means, and it gives an intense look into the lives of the American soldiers in Iraq.
GOOD The suspense may just kill you.
GOOD Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is one of the most thrilling action films I've seen in the past few years.It features set piece after pulse-quickening set piece.
GOOD The decade's best fictional film about its real war, it's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos.Some people kick PowerPoint's ass.Sgt.1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs.
GOOD Bigelow does not stint on NOT_portraying war's brutality, but the focus is strictly on the individual, not on the NOT_bigger picture, and the overall effect is more powerful and devastating for it.
GOOD Equal parts bravado-fueled action and pointed political statement.The best film yet made about the Iraq War, and the best American film about war since Platoon.
GOOD One of the few must watches of the year so far, and certainly one of the most intelligent offerings, The Hurt Locker would likely already be boasting a masterpiece label had it been from a high profile director or studio.
GOOD Combines white- knuckle tension, sizzling dialogue and poignant insight into the lives of the bravest guys in Baghdad.
GOOD A tense, occasionally meandering story about bomb defusers in Iraq.
GOOD Succeeds where so many others have failed, by crafting a compelling Iraq war film.
GOOD Rough and grim knuckle-fighting drama headlining Charles Bronson.
GOOD Walter Hill's first film as a director is spare, elegiac and as tough as a nickel steak.
BAD Slackers meet Satan in not-quite-so-excellent adventure.
BAD Mostly disappointing results.
GOOD Has there ever been a more perfect role for Keanu Reeves than floppy-haired, dim-brained high school slacker Ted "Theodore" Logan?
BAD ...the various elements that made Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure such an unexpected delight are almost entirely absent here.
GOOD awash in weird humor and outlandish gags
FAIR A riot of visual invention and weird humor that works on its chosen sub-moronic level, and on several others as well...
FAIR strained but goofy fun
FAIR Its best moments make up for its more mediocre ones.
GOOD More mindless airhead time-traveling fun.The hilarious William Sadler gives the best portrayal of Death since Bengt Ekerot in THE SEVENTH SEAL.
GOOD EXCELLENT!(But not NOT_quite NOT_as EXCELLENT!as the first.)
FAIR Worth seeing if only for the scene in which Bill & Ted play 'Battleship' with Death.
FAIR Diverting nonsense
FAIR Doesn't NOT_eclipse the original, but the dorky charm is still there ... plus it's got William Sadler's immortal turn as Death.
GOOD One of the most worthwhile sequels of recent years, maybe funnier than the original as it intelligently expands the potential for the surreal and it ties up all the loose ends managing, quite remarkably, to give pointlessness a purpose.
FAIR Silly, sophomoric and very weird.Or, in Bill and Ted's vocabulary, it's lame, scorched and egregious.
BAD So ridiculously dumb that it's difficult to be a good sport about it.
BAD Fans won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed and people who didn't like the NOT_previous film wouldn't NOT_NOT_like this one either.
BAD Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome.The story, characters and writing... not NOT_so much.
BAD Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot.What is really going on in 2009?
BAD What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world?[Blu-ray]
BAD Incoherent and interminable...
BAD a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
FAIR Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
FAIR An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't NOT_entirely a NOT_bad thing.
BAD If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't NOT_consider NOT_gratuitous boob shots NOT_gratuitous, you won't NOT_NOT_feel NOT_NOT_short-changing on NOT_NOT_leaving the cinema after NOT_NOT_watching Gamer.
BAD Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge?What was the story again?
FAIR With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
FAIR It won't NOT_win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go.High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
BAD While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the NOT_gleeful knowingness that NOT_made their NOT_earlier films NOT_such NOT_guilty pleasures.
BAD Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
BAD The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
BAD The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
BAD The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD".It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
FAIR Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
FAIR Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer."It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
FAIR attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
GOOD Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
BAD Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
BAD Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
BAD It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
GOOD Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year.I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
BAD A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
BAD In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds."At least he's half right.
BAD Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
BAD It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
BAD Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
BAD The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
FAIR A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
FAIR I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
BAD A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
BAD It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't NOT_really NOT_fit with the material because for the NOT_most part, the movie NOT_is NOT_played straight.It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
BAD Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
BAD A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
BAD The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
FAIR Even if you haven't seen any of the tell-all television spots, every beat of this crime drama will look and sound familiar.
FAIR The leads make it watchable (plus it's always a hoot to see Denise Richards onscreen in any form)...
BAD None of this NOT_finds an NOT_emotional connection, and instead we watch it predictably unfold.
BAD The film's hodgepodge plot stumbles down the prototypical path of a gangster's fall from grace with a bit of Boiler Room thrown in for good measure.
FAIR Depois de capturar a imaginacao do espectador com um inicio envolvente e promissor, a historia se perde de forma irremediavel, desperdicando o imenso potencial de seus dois primeiros atos.
FAIR Moody, stylish tale of heroin dealer John Leguizamo facing the white-collar world is a well-shot debut from Franc Reyes.
FAIR Yes, we're walking those mean streets again.Good thing we're taking a few unanticipated turns.
BAD Unfortunately, Empire is nothing more than an exhausting retread of the same cliched urban cautionary tale that waxes about rebellion and redemption.
BAD The film ends up being derivative of every drug-themed, drug-centered movie we've ever seen, and goes down the same dark unforgiving and predictable path as all the others did.
BAD There isn't a NOT_redeeming character to NOT_be NOT_found in Empire which NOT_makes it NOT_awfully NOT_hard to NOT_enjoy.
BAD Try as I may, I can't think of a single good reason to see this movie, even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted, 'Thank you!' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie.
BAD A yawningly familiar melodrama about an enterprising hustler who's undone by his own ambitions.
BAD A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans.
FAIR An entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with an intimate heart.
BAD John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie.
BAD The film is shoddy and amateurish; the blood in the gunfight scenes even looks like ketchup.
BAD Feels like it was made by some old Bolsheviks, who, in a vodka stupor, thought they were remaking THE GODFATHER.
BAD If you've spent every waking moment since the summer of 1991 pining for a 'New Jack City' with a salsa soundtrack, your cinematic savior has arrived.
BAD Filmmaker Franc Reyes would have been better off skipping the elaborate scam plot and focusing on the conflicts that arise when a dealer trades in his gold chain for an Armani suit.
BAD Like its protagonist, the movie tries to rise above convention, flails about a bit, and slides back into self-parody.
BAD Empire has its visual and character attributes, but the culmination of its 90 minutes is akin to reaching out for something substantial, and coming away with nothing but thin air.
FAIR It's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat.But the second half of the movie really goes downhill.
FAIR Not NOT_much NOT_going on with this one.It was part Scarface, part New Jack City and part Sugarhill.If you've- seen these, you've seen Empire.
BAD Guns, blah, blah, blah, drugs, blah, blah, blah, guns, drugs, and money, blah, blah, blah.
BAD This tale has been told and retold; the races and rackets change, but the song remains the same.
BAD Delivers the same old same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.
BAD Not NOT_atrocious, but certainly far from being as good as it might have been.
FAIR A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise.
FAIR Victor Rosa is Leguizamo's best movie work so far, a subtle and richly internalized performance.
BAD A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales.
BAD Another excuse to trot out the usual ghetto-melodramatic bromides: What Happens When You Leave the Old Neighborhood Behind and Remembering Who Your Real Posse Is and, most of all, Respecting the Woman Who Loves You Best.
BAD If Arenas is making some kind of statement with its initial release, it seems to be declaring, 'We can make a dumb Goodfellas knockoff just as well as any other ethnic group.'
BAD Empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film.It doesn't NOT_work NOT_as either.
BAD Another weak, uninspired effort that once again proves that if you want fun, exciting adventures featuring The Avengers your local theater is the only option worth considering.
FAIR Two delightful stars nudge Wild Target into sleeper territory - but only by a few inches.
FAIR ...mindless entertainment in a refined style.
BAD Wild Target is the sort of madcap comedy that breaks a sweat trying to generate a steady stream of laughs, but ... the film only works in fits and starts.
FAIR "Wild Target" has fast, quippy dialogue and exactly the right actors to drive it home.
BAD When the various elements all fizzle, all we're left with is some likable actors trying their best to save a fading film.
FAIR Snappy, sarcastic, implausible caper that looses almost all momentum 1 hour in.Also, how do you feel about Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt making out?If you just threw up in your mouth a little, you might wanna avoid this.
FAIR Saucy, scattershot, screwball farce.
FAIR The film has to fly by its wits -- and its witty lines -- and by the charm of its stars.This it does, just barely.
BAD It's never a NOT_good idea to NOT_cast Bill Nighy as a buttoned-down hit man.
BAD Screenwriter Lucinda Coxon has clearly never NOT_met a corny complication she NOT_didn't NOT_like, and Wild Target becomes riddled with irksomely madcap happenings by the final act.
BAD Rarely in a NOT_British comedy NOT_have NOT_so NOT_many NOT_richly NOT_talented actors NOT_laboured NOT_so NOT_long in search of a NOT_coherent plot, NOT_plausible characters and even a modicum of humour.
FAIR If not NOT_better than the NOT_French original, this re-make NOT_is NOT_equally NOT_good and equally funny.
BAD The film is directed with a surprising lack of comic spark by Jonathan Lynn.
BAD With an interesting premise and a capable cast, it's a shame the result is such a dead horse.
BAD A mostly admirable attempt at a Crichton-like escapade that runs out of steam a bit before half-way.
FAIR Wild Target gets its gears gunked up by a detour into the shallow, polluted waters of pseudo-psychological melodrama.
FAIR There have been a lot of black comedies about assassins lately -- there have been a few just this year -- but Wild Target may be the first one to contain genuine laughs.
FAIR An eccentric little comic thriller filled with enough laughs that I was mostly willing to overlook the fact that it makes virtually no sense as a thriller.
BAD All of this busyness drains away the film's charm, turning what might have been a naughty and whimsical frolic into something glib, hectic and sour.
BAD Since irony is so often director Jonathan Lynn's weapon of choice, Wild Target should have been a good fit.It's not quite.
BAD desperately unfunny
GOOD The movie's a grand, quick-witted entertainment, a throwback in the best, most welcome sense.
BAD Director Jonathan Lynn already made one assassin comedy ... Consider this the lazy encore no one NOT_asked for.
BAD Wild Target neatly and boringly makes a surrogate family out of its ill-matched trio of caricatures, and its epilogue of domesticity is enough to make you reach for your revolver.
BAD Nothing works.
BAD It's entertainment designed to resemble a good time without aspiring to provide one.
FAIR The likable and talented cast give it their all, but it's never as NOT_zany or funny as it should have been.
BAD Wild Target is a remake of a French farce, and it shows.
BAD Nighy and Blunt do bring a lot of warmth and charm to their roles, but thanks to a badly judged script and lazy direction, the final showdown leaves you feeling cold.
FAIR When Wild Target works it's a lot of fun.There's some decent comic chemistry between the three leads - and this is Grint's first film since Harry Potter 3 that didn't NOT_make me NOT_want to NOT_lob him out the window.
BAD This lively British remake of the 1993 French film is an enjoyable if ultimately too-silly romp.But the solid cast at least makes it watchable, even when the plot takes a series of deeply contrived turns.
BAD There's a wretched tiredness and dull reliance on formula and, hard as the cast may try, a powerful whiff of desperation not NOT_helped by the NOT_ikky prospect of Bill and Emily getting jiggy.
BAD The action hits a dead end and the laughs dry up, but it's the budding romance between the young free spirit and the crotchety old triggerman that really kills it.
BAD [Ben Affleck's] Jack Ryan is simply impossible to take seriously, and that's something the film could probably never NOT_survive.
BAD Generic action film not NOT_good for kids, or anyone.
FAIR Though this political adventure requires substantial suspension of disbelief, the witty script and mature approach keep the film on track.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR ... Entertaining and far more relevant than most other action/adventure movies.
BAD Has enough cliches and cut-out characters to condemn it to mediocrity.
GOOD Realizando um bom trabalho ao condensar o complexo livro de Clancy, o filme e tenso, inteligente e conta com fortes atuacoes de todo o elenco - inclusive de Affleck, que confere uma curiosa vulnerabilidade ao heroi.
GOOD It's a tired premise, and it's got its flaws, but the present talent makes it worthwhile.
FAIR Tom Clancy franchise gets a surprisingly satisfying reinvention thanks to star Ben Affleck and director Phil Alden Robinson.
FAIR It's all fast and loud and pulse-pounding, of course, but nothing that we haven't seen dozens of times on screen after imaginary disasters.
GOOD Superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line.
FAIR The Sum of All Fears proves that the Jack Ryan franchise still has some legs.Most importantly, it also has a brain.
BAD Clancy's world is strictly for the techno-nerds and frankly they're welcome to it.
FAIR Deals with a chillingly topical nuclear attack on Baltimore.But perhaps more disturbingly, it rehashes it into a Ben Affleck action romance.
GOOD All shame aside, not NOT_being a Tom Clancy fan or Jack Ryan fan, I did quite enjoy it.Is it Morgan Freeman?
BAD An implausible apocalypse without depth or resonance, a cartoon of international politics presented with no James Bond-like playfulness and with all the superficial realism money can buy.
FAIR El filme provoca que la audiencia piense y medite sobre el mundo en que habitamos, asi como en los obsoletos sistemas de gobierno que hemos creado como sociedad.
FAIR A competent Tom Clancy thriller that's betrayed by a miscast Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan.
FAIR If nothing else, this film may stand as a cultural testament to how times really have changed since Sept. 11 -- and not NOT_necessarily the way NOT_we'd NOT_expect.
BAD (Not) the biggest or best film of this summer's blockbuster season, but it does hold up well under fire as long as you don't NOT_think about anything NOT_too hard.
FAIR To sum it up: heavy on imagination and light on reality.
GOOD A Alden Robinson, el director, le sento bien la amistad con Tom Hanks y Spielberg al haber dirigido recientemente para la TV, el drama de guerra Band of Brothers.
BAD Affleck's performance is so lightweight that he feels like a secondary character, barely involved with this struggle against a terrorist nuclear attack.
BAD The star who helped give a spark to "Chasing Amy" and "Changing Lanes" falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer's new action film, "The Sum of All Fears."
BAD ...post-September 11, "The Sum Of All Fears" seems more tacky and reprehensible, manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves.
FAIR takes on a gut-churning immediacy that is hard to deny
FAIR Sum" is Jack Ryan's "do-over."Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works.Especially give credit to Affleck.
GOOD Action-packed and exciting!
FAIR A tense, capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of Hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare.
BAD I've felt more drama watching tornado chasers on The Weather Channel.
BAD Retreads a lot of familiar elements from other "international thrillers" while occasionally dipping its foot into the real-life horror of terrorism.
BAD Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into, a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority.
BAD The film doesn't NOT_really NOT_care about the thousands of Americans who NOT_die hideously, it NOT_cares about how Ryan NOT_meets his NOT_future wife and makes his start at the CIA.
FAIR It's been eight years since Clear and Present Danger, but this late-blooming entry shows that none of the luster NOT_has NOT_worn off the series.
BAD Is Ben Affleck such an indispensable talent -- or box-office draw -- that his presence is worth wrecking an entire film franchise to accomodate his youth?
FAIR Affleck gets better with each film.It will be interesting to see him age with the Jack Ryan role.
BAD Never in film history will there NOT_be a NOT_more NOT_nonchalant NOT_nuclear holocaust.
BAD Gimmicky sci-fi, outer space B-flick.
BAD Very bad special effects mar this only-average s-f excursion.Only the giant rat-bat-whatever creature has any flair.
BAD They don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.It's easy to see why.
BAD Would have benefited greatly from Singer trusting his talent and assembling a Superman movie that attempted to soar beyond the heights previously achieved decades ago.
BAD For all the mountains of kryptonite ranged against him, you never NOT_fear for Superman or Lois Lane, never NOT_experience anything NOT_more NOT_intense than the NOT_fret of NOT_mild peril.
FAIR Superman Returns is a great kick start to a potentially knockout new franchise, which ultimately leaves the audience, like the people of Metropolis when its greatest hero returns to the skies, brimming with hope.
GOOD None of which would NOT_register if Routh NOT_weren't a Superman whom if we NOT_don't need we can at NOT_least feel for.
FAIR Underneath its mechanical safety and mild-manners, this movie does have some heart and some muscle.You'll come to like having it around, even if you thought you'd already moved on.
FAIR Superman Returns is a bombastic, rousing, explosive burst of summer fun and fantasy, enriched by its predecessors and rejuvenated by the new blood and slavish religious devotion of director Bryan Singer.
GOOD Solid and emotionally direct but not the NOT_concussive powerhouse NOT_many will NOT_be NOT_hoping for.
GOOD the tragedy of 9/11 and Lois' super sex with the 'man of steel' are two major selling points of the film, but they remain as sublimated as Clark Kent's secret identity.
GOOD Ignore the hype, ignore the budget, ignore the expectations, sit back, relax and let Superman return.
BAD The Man of Steel as a morally-compromised and ethically-challenged figure has the potential to be quite compelling, but if and only if he is portrayed as confronting his demons in a more meaningful way.
FAIR better than 3 and 4
FAIR Resembling Reeve both physically and vocally, Routh certainly has large red boots to fill.And he fills them admirably
FAIR Yes, the new Superman Returns movie flies.It just doesn't soar.
FAIR After nearly 20 years in hiding, one would expect Superman's return to be special.Alas, the most noteworthy thing about director Bryan Singer's new movie is the hype surrounding it.
FAIR click to read full review [Greek]
BAD Emphasizes the reasons I don't NOT_find Superman all that interesting.
GOOD It's been 5 years since Superman (Brandon Routh) left Earth to search for the remains of his home planet Krypton.Upon his return, the Man of Steel discovers a world in turmoil and a changed Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) - engaged to be married and the mothe
FAIR The film's weaknesses aside, there is no NOT_denying that Singer NOT_has NOT_pulled out all the stops in his bid to NOT_make the NOT_biggest, NOT_loudest summer blockbuster possible.
GOOD Superman returns with a vengeance.
FAIR In a time where the youth of this nation are fighting and dying to defend this country, the film argues that each one of us can be super under the right circumstance.
BAD Quite capable of leaping tall buildings in a single bound, [but] does so without much care or conviction.
GOOD Super return for Superman ...
FAIR A good start at revitalizing a dead series.Get rid of Kevin Spacey for the sequel and you might have something spectacular.
GOOD As a superhero film it's really extremely impressive, probably higher in quality than even the first X-Men film and right up there with the Spiderman films.
GOOD This Superman takes flight like few before and one wonders whether the film's minor flaws mean only that the sequel, like Singer's X2, is destined to become a real classic of the genre.
GOOD Romantica, emocionante, trepidante, mistica y entranable, es un digno homenaje al heroe mas grande del mundo y un perfecto ejemplo de que el cine sigue siendo la fabrica de suenos, pues ahora, mas que nunca, es posible creer que un hombre puede volar.
FAIR The battle is won: but only just.
FAIR Many happy returns, Superman, you've been away too long.Unfortunately, you deserve a lot better than this.
GOOD It's all about heart -- not that the spectacle falters; this NOT_is the NOT_finest NOT_popular entertainment since the Rings trilogy closed.Superman doesn't fly -- he soars.
BAD Filme auto-indulgente e sem ritmo que transforma o Homem de Aco em um gala sem personalidade.
GOOD The effects are terrific - you will, indeed, believe a man can fly, especially during a showstopping set-piece involving an out-of-control aeroplane.
FAIR The plane taking off, flying and nearly crashing into the earth almost serves as a metaphor for the entire Superman Returns experience.
GOOD El Hombre de Acero vuela nuevamente y, ademas de Lex Luthor, ahora enfrenta a un nuevo enemigo: el olvido.
GOOD Spirited and somewhat bittersweet, Superman Returns remains a fascinating and very entertaining ride most of the way %u2014 though it's probably at least 20 minutes too long for optimum interest.
GOOD ...enjoyable enough for the casual fan, and the superinitiated are going to find plenty of details to worry and rub.It's got humor and a reservoir of respect for the character's history and place in American culture.
GOOD Five bravos to Bryan Singer and his team for showing us that Superman's heart is commensurate with the power in his muscles.I'm all wrapped up in his cloak.
FAIR The Man of Steel returns in body but not NOT_quite in spirit.
BAD It often feels like there are two separate stories featured in this comic book flick but neither of them NOT_is NOT_particularly interesting.
BAD Across the board Green Lantern is an average experience.There is zero character development, an overly confusing plot and way too much dodgy CGI assaulting the screen.
BAD Not "Jonah Hex" NOT_bad...but almost.
FAIR "Green Lantern" does have a fair share of problems and yet is not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_bad as some NOT_are NOT_making it out to be.It merely gets added to the long list of superhero films as one of the more forgettable ones
FAIR I would say that this film is 50/50 good and bad.The stuff that works really works, but the stuff that doesn't work NOT_doesn't NOT_really NOT_work.
BAD There's a bit more character in the extended cut, but the film is still a mess of tones, driven by a Star Wars-like narrative but cut down by a sloppy Transformers feel.
BAD Thinks it is more impressive than it actually is.Faced with over-blown effects, characters look flat and disappear into the background without a whimper, thanks to an insipid script and the film-makers' unwillingness to flesh out anyone but Hal Jordan.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_reach the NOT_heady heights of Iron Man, NOT_it's a NOT_worthy addition to DC's movie universe.
FAIR In an attempt by the script to be both epic and snarky, director Martin Campbell and actor Ryan Reynolds did the best they could with what they were given to work with.
BAD It drones on, needlessly complicating the story line with too many character relationships and too many dull stretches.
BAD parolo poy proorizontan gia megalyterh yperhrwikh toy kalokairioy, katelhkse na fylaei ta eispraktika nwta twn ypoloipwn sthn Amerikh
BAD You'll need all the navigational help you can get, lantern or otherwise, to make it through this unfocused, CGI-driven mess of a movie.
FAIR whereas Marvel's summer movie Thor revelled in its outlandish setting, Green Lantern dithers between realism and all-out fantasy.
BAD I've always considered DC's Green Lantern to be one step too far over the line into "come on, that's just silly" territory.(Fresh, but only just)
FAIR Acaba se revelando um passatempo relativamente divertido e agradavel.
BAD Before Hal Jordan's big-screen debut, I'd never NOT_heard of the guy.And now, having sat through the confused mess that is Green Lantern, I don't mind if I NOT_never NOT_hear of him again.
BAD Green Lantern is all CGI sheen and no soul, NOT_taking the NOT_comic book movie one NOT_giant leap backwards in its NOT_inept attempt at NOT_creating a would NOT_be NOT_dazzling adventure.
BAD When Green Lantern does get its green groove on, its quite enjoyable... but the film is left sadly lacking due to the way it fumbles its set-up.
BAD The green aesthetic misfires: the whole film looks as if it's been inspired by a particular shade of washing-up liquid, or the glowing screens of ancient computers.
FAIR Things improve as the plot kicks in, thanks to enjoyable performances from Peter Sarsgaard, as the more-or-less human villain, and Blake Lively as the feisty heroine.
BAD A certain tone is needed to carry off the script's manifold absurdities.It has to be tongue-in-cheek rather than foot-in-mouth and Reynolds' success rate is intermittent at best.
BAD Apparently Sarsgaard's [character] went to high school with the characters played by Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, which is perhaps the only joke in the movie to actually land.
FAIR Everything fits together just well enough to work, but not NOT_enough to excel.
BAD If serendipity is a collision of happy accidents that produce something greater than the sum of their parts, then The Green Lantern is its unlucky antonym, a film far less impressive than its superior individual ingredients.
BAD Robbed of his personal pronoun by a pan-galactic evil ...
BAD The screenplay isn't NOT_as NOT_bright as those of NOT_other superhero films.But "Green Lantern" isn't a NOT_dim bulb of a movie, either.
BAD The film also needs a jump-start or a new Central Battery sometimes that Reynolds alone simply cannot provide.
FAIR There's a good movie in there somewhere and enough of it shines through that Green Lantern is not an NOT_out-and-out failure.But that realization also makes it a bit of a disappointment; it's easy to see the promise that hasn't been lived up to.
FAIR ... the movie finds its bearings once Reynolds takes center screen; the franchise would do well to depend on him more than on sci-fi mumbo jumbo.
FAIR ...an overlong and thoroughly uneven big-budget blockbuster that just barely earns a passing grade...
BAD A muddled mess of a superhero film swathed in layer upon layer of (fairly necessary) exposition and burdened by a seriocomic turn by lead Ryan Reynolds.
BAD Not NOT_even Ryan Reynolds' charm, which NOT_pours out of the actor like water over Niagara Falls, can NOT_overcome the NOT_lumpy narrative and special-effects overkill.
BAD Lantern proves it's not NOT_easy NOT_being NOT_green.
BAD Green Lantern is a moronic superhero.Ryan Reynolds is too cool to play such a lame character.There...I said it.
BAD A parlor game could be made out of how many times the word "fear" is uttered in Martin Campbell's superhero franchise non-starter.
FAIR Green Lantern makes an effort to differentiate itself on an aesthetic level, but otherwise it's what you'd expect - a special-effects bonanza following formula.
BAD This is just one 'been there done that' super hero movie too many in a summer crowded with super hero movies.
BAD The script is pretty dry and many of the scenes between Reynolds and Blake Lively don't work at all.It's a shame that the script doesn't NOT_give Reynolds the kind of NOT_winking humor that Thor had, and that he is so good at delivering.
FAIR Green Lantern is reminiscent of 2008's The Incredible Hulk, another superhero flick that boasted a strong cast but went overboard on visual stimuli.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
BAD Brendan Gleeson's force of personality dominates the proceedings.As a historic document, however, the film leaves a lot to be desired.
FAIR Action-packed Bond film has sexual situations, shooting.
BAD This one has all the right ingredients to be a great Bond flick, I mean Christopher Lee is the main villain!I don't NOT_exactly NOT_know how they NOT_screwed this NOT_up, but they did.
FAIR This is Bond by numbers: the fast cars, fast boats and fast women are all here, but there's little imagination at work.
FAIR Why did a tale that could've been a bit ragged - and a nice stretch for Moore - become simply a so-so romp?Chalk it up to the franchise's nervous need to capitalize on other genres' zeitgeist -first, blaxploitation, and here, martial arts.
FAIR Perhaps the most inconsistent of all James Bond pictures, with some outstanding moments and sequences sitting quite blithely next to absolute rancidity.
FAIR the first film that actually allowed Moore to get into the role without having to live up to Connery
FAIR A diverting but typically silly Roger Moore entry in the Bond canon.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Roger Moore's Bond has got a rough deal over the year, but whilst this takes itself a little too lightly it has a lot going for it.
BAD Screenwriters Maibaum and Mankiewicz attempted to downplay the gadgetry this time around, but their attempts at adding more humor hinder plot development.
FAIR Weak but Christopher Lee is great
BAD You cast Christopher Lee as a Bond villain and you find a way to blow it?!
FAIR It's all gaudily good, right down to Herve Villechaize(!), bikini-clad Britt Ekland, and the inimitable Clifton James as the vacationing Sheriff J.W. Pepper.
BAD If you enjoyed the early Bond films as much as I did, you'd better skip this one.
FAIR Bond versus Herve and Dracula.How can such a thing possibly be disliked?
BAD Christopher Lee is superb, but a James Bond movie is in trouble when you're rooting for the villain.
FAIR Roger Moore's second outing as James Bond is glossy, but fires blanks.
FAIR Not NOT_nearly one of Bond's NOT_best adventures, but fans will find enough to enjoy.
BAD There's no shortage of NOT_innuendo, action, NOT_exotic NOT_locations, or casual misogyny.Unfortunately it's too camp and cruel an adventure to raise more than a Moore-like eyebrow.
FAIR The result is an entertaining film but not a NOT_very NOT_substantial one.
FAIR The Man with the Golden Gun certainly isn't NOT_worth $1 million, but it's fine for the price of a video rental.
BAD Moore tries hard to be tough and cool in the Connery manner....he comes off pretentious and cold.
FAIR ...this first half is essentially throat-clearing before the operatic finale.The pacing seems abrupt and rapid...
GOOD Extremely violent animated addition to the Batman story.
GOOD If you're a Batman fan, just hearing the words The Dark Knight Returns likely gets you excited, so this film was probably already on your radar...
GOOD DC's theatrical releases may be facing a bleak future, but titles like this remind us that their direct-to-video line is alive and well.
GOOD It's highly respectful of the work on which it is based, yet also a solidly entertaining effort in its own right.
FAIR A trailblazer for its culture and certainly makes for a fascinating, if rather long, watch.
BAD ...barely has enough material to fill a 52-minute CBC special, let alone a three-hour cinematic "event."
GOOD A film so crisp with detail that, like other great films, it whisks us away to a locale like nothing else we've ever seen to tell a story that's not NOT_quite like anything NOT_else we've NOT_ever NOT_heard.
BAD At three hours and with very little story or character development, there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue.
GOOD This is quite possibly the best Canadian film of all time.
GOOD The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable, allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time.
FAIR The mammoth, 172-minute movie has its share of slow passages.It picks up speed, however, as it advances toward a payoff that has much to say about the ultimate besting of evil.
GOOD From its mystical-mythical opening to the stunning finale, this is storytelling at its most primal and filmmaking at its most original.
FAIR Though some will probably have problems with the film's pacing ... the story holds your interest throughout.
GOOD The Fast Runner, an epic story coming from northern Canada, provides the perfect antidote to this summer of blockbusters.
FAIR It's a masterpiece.
FAIR A rare and remarkable portrait of place that could only be told by the people who own the story and had the sense to buy the cameras.
GOOD This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body, so original is its content, look, and style.
GOOD Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film.
GOOD Often, the film feels more like a state of mind, combining the factual hardness of a documentary with the startling beauty of a surreal, fantastic dream.
GOOD For nearly three hours, this sweeping epic captivates its audience in the way the Inuit elders must have done while reciting the story to spellbound children.
FAIR It may be the most satisfying experience you'll have at the movies this year.
FAIR Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy, but it's worth it, even if it does take 3 hours to get through.
BAD Vastly overrated, this award-winning film features amateurish, unbelievable acting and a minimal storyline.Take away the indigenous people, and no one would NOT_be NOT_talking about it.
FAIR There's never NOT_been a movie NOT_quite NOT_like it.
GOOD Canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people.
GOOD A challenging and stunning journey with one of the best chase scenes ever.
GOOD One senses in its playing out that right here, right now, these people, these deeds, these lessons are the stuff of a great legend, one that will be told and retold for countless generations.
GOOD An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.
FAIR I actually enjoyed the story, but it could've been at least a half an hour shorter...
GOOD Atanarjuat, unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain, has the quality of totem.
GOOD A landmark movie that becomes a priceless entryway into a distant land and its people, few of whom will ever seem as foreign and far away again.
GOOD Surviving and getting through the day becomes gripping drama.Even if the good vs. evil story is overly familiar, I guarantee the beautiful, sensual setting is not.
GOOD A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue, betrayal, deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
GOOD It takes us to a world we've never NOT_seen, to NOT_tell us a story both NOT_entirely NOT_foreign and completely familiar.
BAD Jet Li film is not for kids.
GOOD Jet Li's true masterpiece of the 2000s is a blitzkrieg of crazy, hard-R martial arts.Forget the need to always know who's beating whom or why in a narrative that's basically negligible."Dragon's" gritty, giddy grindhouse thrills trump logic.
FAIR The formulaic story cannot weigh down the high-flying, visceral excitement that the film offers in generous doses.
FAIR Li has smartly decided to eschew the all-too-fashionable use of wires for the fight scenes in favor of old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat.
BAD Poor Jet Li . . . he doesn't NOT_have the NOT_comedic timing of Jackie Chan, the looks or charm of Chow Yun Fat, and he certainly isn't the NOT_second NOT_coming of Bruce Lee.
GOOD Even to [Li's] long-time fans in Hong Kong and America the results should be eye-opening.
FAIR While Kiss of the Dragon remains a relatively fun little brain-dead punch-em-out worth a rental, it's forgettable at best.
FAIR There are some tangible similarities between rising star Jet Li and Bruce Lee, beyond just the pronunciation of their last names.
FAIR You've got to respect any movie that jumps into an action scene every fifteen minutes, regardless of what that pesky "plot" has to say.
BAD ...has no NOT_other claims to fame than its NOT_filling up NOT_ninety-eight minutes of screen time with plenty of Jet Li and a pile of kicking, punching, and shooting.
FAIR The whole film plays a great deal like an extended episode of "Iron Chef": lots of edged weapons, dead frogs, and campy dialogue.
GOOD A supremely satisfying blend of Hong Kong mayhem and Gallic flair that can only bolster Li's escalating reputation.
BAD Flounders in desperately overwrought dialogue and one of the most incomprehensible plots since 2000's 'Battlefield Earth.'
FAIR It ain't art, but it sure is a good time for anyone who enjoys the occasional bit of bone-crunching entertainment.
BAD Even with three people working on the script ... they were unable to come up with a plot.
FAIR Loaded with explosive set-piece after set-piece, each and every one designed to give Li the opportunity to do what he does best: kick massive butt.
FAIR Whack!Thworp!Crack!Sometimes, it's fun to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of bad guys getting their heads beaten in.
FAIR Nicely filmed, acted and scored, "Kiss" is almost more of a drama than an action film.
FAIR The most enjoyable slice of popsploitation I've sat through all year.
FAIR Expecting a great story in a martial arts film is like expecting a great story in a musical.
FAIR Here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for, if what you're looking for is kickass action.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon offers just about a kill a minute, but less than a thrill a minute.
BAD Kiss of the Dragon does have a sense of its own absurdity, but that doesn't NOT_prevent it from NOT_cloaking the NOT_inherently NOT_comic kung-fu genre in a seriousness NOT_so NOT_solemn that it could NOT_be French.
BAD The story is formulaic, but this brutal, fast-paced thriller makes excellent use of Li's martial arts prowess.
GOOD It will separate hard-core Jet Li followers from the fair-weather fans.
BAD Li has an undeniable screen presence -- and legitimate martial arts credentials.He would have profited from a more legitimate script.
BAD The only thing this film seems to be advertising is mindless idiocy.
BAD Nothing special, but competently made by Seagal's usual direct-to-DVD standards.
BAD ...all one really expects out of a Seagal movie is a lot of arm-breaking and twirling kicks.
GOOD One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade.
FAIR Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film, sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies, and it never NOT_tries to NOT_preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience.
FAIR A jovial, half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke.
FAIR A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they don't NOT_go in with any NOT_major expectations.
FAIR full review in Greek
FAIR Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn, and the film hits more often than it misses.
BAD The script is all beginning, with no middle and no end -- the action NOT_simply NOT_stops, and the credits roll.
GOOD a near-perfect popcorn movie.See it, love it, then move right along, folks.
BAD An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi's Honor for morons.
BAD ...the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly.
BAD une bonne excuse pour se mettre a l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures, mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant a long terme.
FAIR There's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy.
FAIR [E]xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
FAIR If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets, it will strike a chord.
FAIR ...it's a romantic comedy with a body count.
FAIR While the ending gets way too noisy, the movie is quite enjoyable.
FAIR There is clearly some intentional satire here, but there's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not NOT_enough to what NOT_little substance NOT_there is.
BAD The movie is best when it's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living, and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself.
BAD Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts.It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
FAIR A lark, a loud, good-looking, escapist, pointless laugh of a film that's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters.
BAD If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage.
BAD They're hot, they're married, and they're trying to kill each other.
FAIR It's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg's script that you never NOT_give the movie's NOT_central coincidence a NOT_second thought.
FAIR Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone.
BAD Part of the problem is the script's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness.
FAIR A film with enough snap, crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours.
BAD Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre, Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long.
BAD It was precisely at the 70-minute mark, where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach, that I figured, no.Stop hoping.
FAIR Complaints about character triviality aside, if you're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade.
BAD Should have been funnier, or at least not NOT_played the NOT_dramatic irony card NOT_so NOT_soon...lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry.
GOOD A winning pair of lead performances make for a tense, thrilling WWII film.
BAD The story is where this movie falls apart from a grown-up's view.It's got an overwritten script that seems like it's been churned out of a weekend screenwriting course.
BAD The action is cute, to be sure, but the cuteness wore off quickly for this adult.
BAD I think young children will enjoy the movie very much, while adults will probably opt to go out into the kitchen and wash dishes while the tykes watch it.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Cats & Dogs 2 will be disappointing to fans of the original and will probably fail to capture any new hearts in its own right.
BAD No matter that the film NOT_felt NOT_lumpish and witless, I have to say that the kids at the preview laughed a lot.
BAD There are just enough effects-driven laughs but a bit too much talky dead space in this not-at-all-anticipated sequel to the tepid, poorly animated 2001 film.
BAD For comedy value there is little to choose between the expensive antics here and the primitive spy charade enacted by apes in the 1970s TV series Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp.
BAD A dog's breakfast.
BAD The Revenge of Kitty Galore (in 3D) is loud, colourful and silly enough to tickle the 5- to 10-year-old target group, but only for about half its length.
BAD This uncalled-for sequel to the mediocre 2001 talking-pets affair Cats & Dogs is all needless noise and second-rate CGI gunk, and never, ever funny in any sense of the word.
BAD Let me be direct about this: I gave "this a half-star because it contains cute animals and, at the end, there are entertaining clips of animals that aren't in the movie.
BAD It's beneath any cat to be sprayed repeatedly with a water bottle, or completely shaved, let alone dubbed by Bette Midler.
BAD Winds its way towards its conclusion with scant imagination, except in a purely technical sense.
BAD Unlike the original it's too talky and chaotic to engage with either kids or adults.
BAD If we are going to put words in the mouths of furballs, they surely have to be funnier than these.
BAD Young children may love it but adults will find it hard to endure.
BAD Not NOT_even an NOT_exceedingly NOT_cute beagle in a roll-neck pullover and spectacles can rescue this charmless live-action and 3D animated kids' caper.
BAD The story is dumb, the jokes are dumber, the special effects are shoddy and the 3-D is headache-inducing.
BAD The film's target audience... is going to largely be much too young to have any first-hand experience with the James Bond tropes being satirised.
FAIR For some reason, this sequel had some scathing reviews in the States, but I rather liked it and I reckon children will enjoy it.
BAD The script suggests it was developed on the hoof; the CGI is low grade stuff; and the human performances are loathsome.
BAD Nine years on from the first movie but somehow the effects have gone backwards and the charm has gone missing.
BAD Now here's a film there's absolutely no excuse for.
BAD A boring, terrible looking cinematic mess on the carpet threatening the series for good.
BAD Why wait so long for a sequel?It's not like the writers NOT_spent nine years NOT_polishing the script to perfection.(Instead, they filled it with punchlines about butt-sniffing.)
BAD Starts well but quickly wears out its welcome, thanks to increasingly unfunny gags, irritating characters, occasionally dodgy 3D effects and constant, tedious dialogue.
BAD You see one 'Cats & Dogs' movie and you have seen them all.Nothing new here.
BAD Kids will need to be positively subnormal to enjoy a film this dreadful.
BAD Should be avoided like a hound with rabies.
BAD A low-rent cobble-job of the very slackest order.
FAIR Bette Midler ... lends Kitty a devilish rasp that's one of the joys of the film.
BAD even among that target audience of kiddies, those for whom double-digits are looming just over the horizon will discover the bubble-bursting reality that predictability is a fact of cinematic life, and that not every double-take NOT_is NOT_intrinsically NOT_funny
BAD A lazy, painfully dull, unfunny and nauseatingly silly action comedy that should have gone direct-to-DVD.
BAD Why isn't there a group that NOT_protects moviegoers from films like Cats & Dogs?Something like: The Don't Underestimate Moviegoer Brainpower Society - or DUMBS.
BAD This is a busy espionage feature with talking pets, so children may well like it.Although there's humour in the film aimed at the grown-ups who accompany those children, the movie is for the under-10 crowd.
BAD Dogs and cats are far funnier and more engaging when they behave like, well, dogs and cats.
GOOD It's a refreshing approach to the genre, even when revisiting years later, in an era inundated with superhero movies where each tries to better the last's visual effects budget.
GOOD If there is one Batman film anyone should see, this is it.It's a superhero film with a dark tone that's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved.
GOOD It may be too scary intense for younger children, but for everyone else Batman Begins is just about the perfect summer movie.
GOOD A moody and visually stimulating superhero film, Batman Begins sees the Dark Knight finally giving the treatment and respect he deserves, in what can only be described as one of the greatest re-vamps given to an enduring character.
BAD So much is rich with ingenuity and daring that its constant missteps are exceptionally glaring.
GOOD An impressive cinematic renaissance for DC Comics' Dark Knight, and a blockbuster with more intelligence than most.
GOOD There has never NOT_yet NOT_been a Batman story with quite this kind of NOT_psychological trauma.If Ingmar Bergman had ever directed a superhero movie, it would have looked quite a bit like this.
GOOD Its edgy tone and dark atmosphere coupled with its comic-book theatrics make it a winning combination for older children and adults alike.
FAIR Not NOT_only NOT_do we NOT_see Gotham in the daylight, but Christian Bale may also be the first Bruce Wayne who's more at home crouching in a monastery with his hair in his eyes than attending a dinner party for which he'd have to trim his nails.
FAIR The movie takes such time and care to set up Bruce/Batman that it's a bit of a bummer when it launches into summer-movie overdrive.
GOOD Mr. Nolan's assured direction and pacing keep the movie feeling brisk even at its two-plus hour running time.
GOOD Works splendidly because it dispenses with the idea that Batman's archenemies have to be quirky, colorful, superficial savants, ala the campy television series from the sixties.
GOOD fans of the Dark Knight, finally feel proud again
GOOD This is a gritty and smart personal drama more than an action film.And it is what a Batman film always should have been.
FAIR It's passable entertainment that our culture has wildly overrated.
FAIR Where the movie fails, ultimately and sadly, is in its capitulation to conventional action movie wisdom.
GOOD Se trata de un filme oscuro pero muy humano y, por lo mismo, inolvidable.Un digno renacimiento para un gran heroe.
GOOD Nolan has created a dark, realistic and believable hero who fights personal demons like the rest of us.Burton's fantasy was fun but Nolan's is better.
GOOD This is how you make a superhero movie.
GOOD Une des meilleures adaptations de bandes dessinees a ce jour, sinon la plus accomplie.
FAIR The attention Nolan gives to the characters and the storyline brings Batman back into focus as an inventive heroic figure.
GOOD Artful, daring and wise, it's one of the best anti-summer popcorn movies ever made.
GOOD [T]his is the movie that loyal and long-suffering Batfans have been waiting for ... it's artful and fun ... 'Batman Begins' really is a new beginning.
FAIR While the Dark Knight's return is not NOT_quite NOT_triumphant, and is bloated at 140 minutes, the filmmakers have retooled the black-caped crime-fighter with an eye to these perilous times.
FAIR Batman Begins isn't a case of DC NOT_setting a NOT_new level for comics onscreen, but rather a memorable example of how to keep up with the competition.
GOOD The word that popped into my head most often during the awesome experience that is Batman Begins was: Wow.
FAIR (...) Se ubica en un muy digno punto intermedio entre el pasatiempo comercial promedio y el cine de autor hollywoodense (si es que algo asi todavia existe).
FAIR Without the biff!bang! pow! of pop signifiers, this intelligent, well-made film is too heavy to transport us anywhere but down the dark hole of its good intentions.
GOOD [Batman Begins] feels less like comic fantasy and more like serious drama, albeit one depicting the exploits of a psychotic ninja billionaire.
GOOD ...[Christopher Nolan] has officially recharged the moribund Batman franchise with a top-of-the-line popcorn movie ...
GOOD A knockout.
FAIR Lee's version offers enough grand spectacle and historical intrigue to carve its own space in the international multiplexes.
FAIR The film is remarkably faithful to Eastwood's version.It carries on a long tradition of exchange between Westerns and Japanese samurai films that stretches back to Kurosawa and Sergio Leone.
FAIR It's a curiosity, perhaps, but it's nicely made, beautifully acted and well worth seeking out.
GOOD Clint Eastwood's 1992 western is adored by just about every critic in the world.Except me.Weirdly, I found Sang-il Lee's reverent remake gripping.
FAIR It's an enduring yarn, well told: a rare remake that functions independently, even as it reminds you - vividly, in places - of the original's elegiac pleasures.
GOOD Lee has made a film so good that it almost equals its namesake, that sour, magnificent western which won the Best Picture and Best Director Oscars in 1993.
FAIR Even at his most dogged and dutiful, Korean director Lee Sang-il crafts a retelling that never NOT_dips below a NOT_certain baseline of NOT_handsome competence, NOT_making a NOT_great case for the Hokkaido landscapes as a NOT_rugged frame for the action.
FAIR There's no shortage of bloodshed, but rare is the film that uses bullets and flashing blades to provoke sadness rather than excitement.
FAIR This "eastern" remake of Clint Eastwood's seminal '90s western boasts a similar sense of rough-shod lyricism.
GOOD This remake of Clint Eastwood's Oscar-winning epic may lack the austere, classical weight of the original, but it makes up for it in visual splendour.Unexpectedly brilliant.
GOOD The samurai/Western osmosis is given a terrific new surge by this beautiful-looking, smartly modified translation of the Eastwood classic.
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_redundant as it NOT_sounds ...
FAIR Moderately cute action comedy for young tweens.
BAD You may be surprised at how not NOT_torturous [the film is].
BAD The sequel's a caricatured and cliched yawner.And the tone is all wrong.
BAD The only good I sense coming from this Cody Banks film is that it's so bad, we probably won't NOT_be NOT_seeing any NOT_more of them.Call me an optimistic; I live in hope.
FAIR There's less charm here than in the original, less self deprecating humour, and more attempts at over-the-top humour that just don't work.
BAD The racial stereotypes trotted out here suggest the scriptwriters reckon Europe and the world is some kind of long-haul Middle Earth for US audiences.
FAIR It's harmless, albeit cliche riddled, fun for youngsters, and it doesn't NOT_make grown-ups NOT_wish they NOT_had two hours of their life back.
BAD The original was a kid-friendly film, but the sequel turns the youngsters into jokes.
BAD There's no way your NOT_own children NOT_deserve something as NOT_lifeless and hollow as Agent Cody Banks 2. Unless they're misbehaving really bad, I guess.
BAD Lazy, smug and completely self-satisfied, this half-hearted sequel to Agent Cody Banks swaps Sean Connery suavity for Roger Moore stupidity.
BAD This is one of those movies that's full of color and almost non-stop action, both of which seem to be an attempt to cover up a woeful lack of plot.
BAD In order for the plot to work, all the characters have to be idiots.
BAD Harmless fare, but as bland as an unsalted water cracker.
BAD Creepy and predictable.
BAD The longtime martial-arts enthusiast in me was officially disturbed by Muniz's phony kung-fu and silly stunt kicks.
BAD As is, for the preteen crowd, this sequel will have enough movement and comedy to satisfy.But there's probably too little of either to justify a Cody 3.
BAD ...isn't all bad - but it isn't all NOT_good either.
BAD I cried 'Please, Lord, make it stop' at about the 90-minute mark -- long after I was numbed into a vegetative state by reheated spy cliches and sub-sophomoric bathroom jokes.
BAD Vapid, banal, humourless, witless; a cynical cash-grab.
BAD This is one franchise that should be grounded before it takes off for any more international forays.
FAIR entertaining, but not NOT_enough to NOT_make you NOT_want to NOT_root for the characters
BAD A junky, creatively bankrupt rush job of a sequel that has no connection to the NOT_original outside of the title character.
BAD Does the unforgivable, condescending to its audience as if the kids wouldn't NOT_get it unless everything NOT_was NOT_laid out on a plate.
BAD A dud that serves up few laughs and fewer thrills.
FAIR Here's just about everything a 6-year-old spy would hope to find in a kiddie-espionage flick, with just a twinge of romance, but nothing serious to interrupt Cody's undoubtedly continuing career.
BAD Kids may well find the film diverting, but there's just not a lot of creativity or energy here.
BAD The same young teens who cozied up to the first picture will probably enjoy the sequel, but it won't NOT_win NOT_many NOT_new fans.
BAD Although Muniz still has his Tiger Beat looks, his performance is worse than phoned in -- it's text messaged.
BAD Even by kiddie-flick standards, this one, directed by Kevin Allen, is astonishingly lame.
BAD Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London should have been stopped at customs -- as family entertainment, it constitutes child abuse.
FAIR With lots of cool gadgets, plenty of silliness and a clever concept guaranteed to appeal to preteens, this should be an unflagging, high-octane romp.
GOOD As ingenious and lively as the original film.
BAD They are evil and they must be stopped.They being studio production executives who gleefully greenlight a sequel to an OK kid-targeted adventure movie just because they are blinded by flashing dollar signs.
FAIR A speedy, gadget-filled adventure with the same overall innocence that will attract parents and children.
BAD After 90 minutes of diligently searching the premises of ACB2, no evidence of mass entertainment can NOT_be NOT_found.
BAD Director Kevin Allen offers a lot more gadgets in Cody 2, but surprisingly little in the way of memorable action.
BAD This supposed action-comedy is so staggeringly unfunny, unoriginal and uninspired that its title should have been Agent Cody Banks 2: Contractually Obligated Sequel.
FAIR Martin Lawrence amuses in raunchy comedy.
BAD Lawrence relies on his usual act as the hip black guy surrounded by square white men.
FAIR The first 23 minutes of Black Knight (yes, I timed it) are easily the most effective...
BAD crap
BAD ...there's not a lot in it that will NOT_offend NOT_anyone...unless you NOT_count NOT_dull, boring, and unoriginal as offensive.
BAD ...is about as hilarious as skinny-dipping in an alligator-infested moat.
BAD Martin Lawrence can be hysterically funny.You'd never NOT_guess that from NOT_watching the NOT_remarkably NOT_wasteful endeavor.
BAD A single fish-out-of-water joke told over and over again.
BAD This is the kind of role Lawrence can phone in, and that is exactly what he has done.
BAD If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the movie.One's a lot longer than the other.
BAD A time-travel comedy that doesn't NOT_go NOT_anywhere we NOT_haven't NOT_been before.
BAD There's precious little to like about the witless and decidedly tedious Black Knight.
BAD The latest in a string of mediocre-to-bad films that have latched onto Lawrence's name as their sole marketable commodity.
BAD A sort-of Wizard of Oz for halfwits.
BAD An instantly forgettable and disposable affair.
BAD This is paint-by-numbers filmmaking.
BAD Honestly, I think I was sick of it after the second TV commercial, never NOT_mind the film itself.
GOOD Slight but highly enjoyable.
FAIR This is Lawrence's show, his chance to demonstrate his comic nimbleness and appeal.He runs with it.
BAD Plays like a tepid pilot for a TV sitcom.
BAD The filmmakers ... seem to have been inspired mainly by contempt for the audience: everything about their work feels lazy and slapdash.
GOOD A rip-roaring time-travel comedy tailored beautifully to Martin Lawrence's protean talent.
BAD Violent film for Ice Cube.He can do better.
BAD They failed to get a consistently funny script or a director capable of effectively staging an action scene.
FAIR I could go on and on about how funny this film is, because it is truly great comedy.
BAD Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
FAIR It's often a sloppy and muddled tale - but there are much worse ways to spend a random 90 minutes.
BAD The home-run performances of Cube and Epps are handicapped by inept and illogical action sequences.
BAD the heroes become more loathsome as the story progresses.
BAD Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "Miami Vice" checklist of power boats, Latin music and dog tracks.He doesn't, however, deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash.
FAIR Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
BAD It works remarkably well as a mindless diversion.
FAIR There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that's hard to resist.
FAIR In this refreshingly shameless celebration of money and expensive stuff, director Kevin Bray grabs every retro action-film cliche.
BAD One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch.
FAIR A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly, wall-to-wall good time.
FAIR Spend your Benjamins on a matinee.
BAD Ice Cube gives a likeable performance in a terminally lame movie.
BAD Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about NOT_making a movie.
BAD One groan-inducing familiarity begets another.
BAD The comedy is clumsy; the violence vicious.
BAD The action cliches just pile up.
BAD Someone should tell director Kevin Bray that Miami Vice has been cancelled.
FAIR Witless but watchable.
BAD Really all about the bullets, which fly by the hundreds through this lifeless action/comedy.
BAD Why not NOT_just NOT_go NOT_back and watch 48 HRS instead to see how this sort of film is done right.
BAD Everything is off.
FAIR One helluva romp, borrowing the Florida milieu of Bad Boys but injecting it with the stylish sass of Guy Ritchie's British crime capers.
BAD Tedious and hackneyed, you would have thought that New Line Cinema could have invested a few more benjamins into getting a workable script before filming commenced.
BAD The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory.
BAD Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny.
FAIR It's fun to watch the stocky, scowling Ice Cube and skinny, jittery Epps play off each other.
BAD Many of Benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice.
BAD Slick, quick, rude and exuberantly crude.
BAD Surprisingly mean-spirited, and it's downright nasty in its level of violence.
FAIR It keeps your attention mildly engaged.But just that.
BAD Works overtime on expletives and gratuitous violence.
FAIR An entertaining, if somewhat standardized, action movie.
BAD Cube stays in his laconic, dead-eyed mode with occasional arcs into overacting, while Epps plays it Chris Tucker on a sugar high all the way.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD There are no superlatives which can NOT_adequately NOT_describe the NOT_sheer NOT_unadulterated joy of NOT_watching David Lean's 1962 classic on the silver screen.
GOOD Still astonishes.
GOOD Deathless, and looking as good as new.
GOOD You'll need to dedicate half a day to it - but this deserves to be seen again on the big screen.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD Lean's great Lawrence Of Arabia biopic honours him with a complex, sympathetic but a compelling portrayal.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
BAD Not NOT_exactly out of this world
FAIR Never NOT_quite NOT_hits orbit, but packs enough galactic goodies to merit a rental.
GOOD Delivered big with breathtaking location work and an all-star cast...
GOOD A story as big, as brash, and as exciting as the west itself.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying the spectacle, the adventure, and the romance in How the West Was Won.
GOOD Immense, sprawling western epic loaded with great stars, acting, music, direction.
FAIR These are superheroes who largely regret their powers because of the trouble that they bring.
FAIR Of course, the wide-open ending practically shrieks "sequel," so rest assured this is only the beginning of a new super-franchise.Here's hoping Joel Schumacher doesn't NOT_get his hands on it.
FAIR X-Men's myriad of positive attributes generally compensate for its less-than-enthralling stretches.
GOOD Comic-book adaptation has brains, brawn, and style.
FAIR Good direction and talented ensemble
FAIR A very good comic book adaptation with great performances, true entertainment value, and wonderful direction...
GOOD A superb cast and spotless direction from Bryan Singer make this one a summer must-see, and a film that goes right alongside the first Batman and Superman as genre bests.
GOOD As summer movies go, X-Men is remarkably crisp and economical.
FAIR Relative newcomer Hugh Jackman is a real find as the brooding Wolverine.
FAIR Simply a fluffy, big screen version of a simple comic book -- nothing more, nothing less.
FAIR Superior to any Batman except the 1989 movie.
GOOD Finally, a movie based on a comic book that actually succeeds.
GOOD I don't NOT_say this often, but bring on the sequel.
GOOD Call it a gift from cinema heaven.
GOOD Not as NOT_disturbingly NOT_dark as Batman, but yet it still has the hard gritty edge that keeps the audience riveted to the screen.
FAIR All these characters with their odd powers are inherently absurd and they throw a barrel of wrenches into the machinery of a coherent narrative.
FAIR Singer was wise enough to keep the fight scenes silent instead of featuring the usual inane banter of most comic-book movies.
GOOD X-cellent, X-citing, X-quisite, X-hilarating.Shall I go on?
GOOD Entertaining and reasonably intelligent.
GOOD Should be the blueprint for all super-hero films to come.
GOOD Somebody, at least, made sure that a movie based on a comic book wasn't a NOT_comic book on screen, but instead, thankfully, just a really good movie.
FAIR After seeing this film, I am looking forward to seeing more from this sleek new breed of action hero.
GOOD A kick *** flicks that does justice to its comic book inspiration, a wild ride that has a much brains as it has thrills, and easily the best damn movie of the summer.
FAIR It's a model of discipline in that respect.
FAIR It does right by its source material without dumbfounding people who have never NOT_set foot in a NOT_comic book shop.
GOOD Ao decidir acrescentar toques dramaticos ao seu filme, Bryan Singer elevou 'X-Men' a um nivel superior a outras producoes do genero.
GOOD A far-above-average comic book movie.
GOOD Overall I was impressed by Singer's attention to detail.
BAD the obvious result of endless script rewrites from a parade of big-shot Hollywood writers who were never in sync with each NOT_other
FAIR If you're new to these super heroes, it's a wonderful introduction.
GOOD X-Men has more substance to it than you might expect, and it has a message.
GOOD It's a strong and at times gripping offering from Hollywood's cosiest A-list filmmaker/star pairing.
GOOD Every detail of the production design is on point for maximum dread and psychic confusion.
FAIR As hard as Shutter Island works to convince you that is a dumb but flashy thriller when it is actually a fairly smart one, it may well be as hollow as any magic trick.
GOOD Scorsese and DiCaprio, in their fourth film together, again create an intense, provocative film-going experience, where the ride, accommodations, and destination are all first class.
FAIR Fortunately, the music chosen to underscore the ever-increasing sense of unease and mystery (artfully selected by Robbie Robertson) is a constant pleasure.
GOOD Shutter Island, is even less 'important' than The Departed.But Scorsese is clearly enjoying himself with this old-school throwback to thrillers past.And it's hard not to NOT_revel in it with him.
BAD When the big reveal hits, it's the first big yawn of the film, and the tension dies a sudden death as we wait impatiently for the film to tie up all of its loose ends.
FAIR Shutter Island, after an involving and entertaining beginning, settles for a victory by judges' decision rather than a final knockout.
FAIR Multiplex entertainment this distinctive and provocative doesn't NOT_come along every day: it's a head trip NOT_well NOT_worth taking.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...a creepy psychological thriller...short on psychology, characterization, suspense, tension, or thrills.
GOOD Ilha do Medo e O Iluminado de Martin Scorsese.
FAIR Por momentos excesiva y algo decepcionante, resulta de todos modos un inquietante ejercicio sobre la locura servido con gran habilidad por Martin Scorsese.
GOOD As psychological horror thrillers go, it might be flawed, but it's a technically masterful piece of work.
FAIR Shutter Island is second-tier Scorsese, but not one of his misfires.It does the gothic horror genre proud, but fails to transcend it.
FAIR Scorsesejeva stilska vje%u017Eba koja zaslu%u017Euje daleko vi%u0161e preporuke nego mnogi razvikani naslovi na na%u0161em kino-repertoaru
GOOD click to read full review
GOOD Scorsese packs the film with so many thrilling details, surreal asides and masterful set-ups ... that we can't help but enjoy the ride.
FAIR Neither Scorsese nor Di Caprio is at the top of their game in Shutter Island, but like all successful teams they know how to win when they're playing badly.Good not great.
GOOD Some may find it emotionally distant and cold to the touch, yet that's no NOT_slight on its NOT_superb construction and fine ensemble cast.
GOOD Luridly entertaining.
FAIR Shutter Island is too long and its increasingly surreal tone provides an ending that's a bit of a cheat.But, since it is a Scorsese picture, there's a lot to intrigue on the way.
BAD Since Scorsese is a stylist, the film is enjoyable.It would be more so if you could take out your brain and experience it only with eyes and ears.
BAD Shutter Island could have been an entertainingly hysterical trainwreck, but the train doesn't NOT_even NOT_leave the station.
GOOD This is one the year's must-see movies.
GOOD There's no doubt that Marty's NOT_still NOT_got it.
FAIR At the end of it, I got a whiff of shaggy dog.
GOOD It's a wonderfully inventive, visceral horror film, one of Scorsese's most enjoyable pictures.
FAIR As an exercise in pure style over cliched content Shutter Island weaves an impressive and gripping spell.
FAIR Scorsese is capable of making a fascinating psychological thriller, but this effort is sub-Tarantino, without the irony.
BAD Unsuccessful but fascinating and often entertaining attempt from Martin Scorsese to wrangle with baroque pulp fiction - by turns compelling, hysterical and silly.
FAIR At well over two hours, it could have done with some judicious pruning but Scorsese still manages to keep the story rattling along with a wry sleight of hand and a masterful manipulation of the narrative.
FAIR As senseless, perverse and unwieldy as it undoubtedly is, Shutter Island might be Scorsese's most enjoyable film in a decade.
GOOD Shutter Island offers sumptuous, enthralling, shivery gothic filmmaking with a hardboiled heart and a sly line in asylum humour.
FAIR ...there inevitably reaches a point wherein Scorsese's expectedly self-indulgent sensibilities hinder one's efforts at wholeheartedly embracing the increasingly convoluted narrative...
FAIR Let's be upfront.Olympus Has Fallen is dumb, violent, overlong, jingoistic, racist, predictable, derivative, and whatever other adjectives those with no sense of NOT_B-grade fun wish to NOT_throw at it.
FAIR While never NOT_scaling John McClane-level excitement, Fuqua's film is good popcorn fun
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen has excellent action sequences, and Fuqua does a terrific job making Washington, D.C., look like a battleground.For indulgent viewers, this will be enough.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is a serious take on a silly premise that strains believability and ultimately can't help being just another forgettable action flick.
FAIR It's a seemingly foolproof premise that is, to a slight yet palpable degree, squandered by Fuqua...
FAIR Provided you can handle such deliberate over-kill in the chaotic swirl that goes on here, Olympus Has Fallen offers a super-sized serving of grit-tinged fantasy action guaranteed to satisfy those who don't mind splatter over style.
GOOD In reinventing an old tale in a smart and engaging way, it's a thoroughly entertaining and often riveting way to spend two hours.
FAIR With guns blazing and spouting one-liners, Gerard Butler revels in being the tough guy and leads a decent cast, with all-American Aaron Eckhart a worthy addition to the hallowed list of movie presidents.
BAD Olympus Has Fallen is the stupid, dark fantasy of backward white trash America that needs another domestic threat to trigger war.
BAD t's a terrible action film but a brilliant piece of North Korean propaganda.The American characters act so stupidly that you're pretty much rooting for Kim Jong-un.THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS.
BAD What the studio's calling 'an action movie' - the Secret Service will call 'a comedy'.
BAD Having stayed up much of the night to watch the hunt for, and ultimate take down, of Suspect 2 in the Marathon Bombings, it was particularly distressing to watch this vile abomination of a movie whose "relevance" only adds to its dishonor.
FAIR Whether Hollywood is right to keep prodding North Korea simply because it's not a NOT_valuable trading partner, NOT_only time will NOT_tell.
BAD Antoine Fuqua is a dependable action director whose talents will never NOT_be NOT_maximised while the 1980s NOT_continue to NOT_be NOT_over.
FAIR As this massive blockbuster thriller progresses, it's impossible not to NOT_become NOT_amused by how NOT_ridiculous its script becomes.
FAIR Reactionary fantasy, then - but what else are action films for?
FAIR Some will find it ridiculously entertaining.I found it entertainingly ridiculous.Either way, it's a guilty pleasure.
GOOD Olympus Has Fallen may be pure Hollywood hokum but it remains tense, exciting and credible enough right through to the suspenseful climax, even if the dialogue is laughable at times.
BAD A movie that looks like a Die Hard film, feels (sporadically) like a Die Hard film, but lacks the wit and coiled adrenaline that made that series' debut a classic.
FAIR Has more bloody on-screen deaths than any action film in recent memory.
GOOD Butler hardly NOT_knocks it out of the park, but he steals the film.And what a film...
BAD You wonder exactly when and how Butler became today's accepted go-to action hero - and can something officially be done about it?
FAIR It rattles along with no NOT_little vim, and there is one excellent joke about the difficulty of finding a computer's hash key when time is tight.
BAD A no-stereotypes-barred, red-scare disaster movie of the sort Jerry "Airplane!"Zucker might write after a head injury.
BAD It's derivative, it's cheesy, it's fantastically unconvincing, its patriotism unabashed, its politics reductive, its morals binary.
BAD A charmless and occasionally laughably bad thriller that's let down by a trite script and a charmless lead performance from Gerard Butler.
FAIR The thrills and the effects are cheap, but this is in hard-driving, good-humoured command of its own silliness.
BAD A gung-ho flag waver that would give even the most ardent American neocon repetitive strain injury.
FAIR Fuqua lights the fuse on the summer blockbuster season with an almighty, ground-shaking bang.
GOOD Once the film stops taking itself too seriously and gives in to over-the-top entertainment, it becomes a vastly superior movie - albeit one with some head-shakingly stupid moments.
FAIR The movie's best moments belong to Gerard Butler though, thriving in a role that's perfect for his capabilities as he establishes a hero we can't help but root for.
GOOD I'd rather have Butler getting shot at than treating women like silly hens in Playing For Keeps.
BAD A grippingly brutal first act and strong cast can't stop this turning into a Steven Seagal film well before the end.
FAIR Olympus Has Fallen is just riotously entertaining, and although nothing particularly new or original, it manages to keep you captivated and takes the viewer on one hell of a ride.
FAIR as dopey as it is deliberate
BAD On the actual Secret Service entrance exam, please tell me one of the first questions is: 'Should you run directly into the line of fire?Yes/No.'
BAD If Roman Polanski has done a worse film than Pirates I certainly haven't seen it.
GOOD Uneven, misunderstood Polanski film deserving another look.
FAIR I have no idea why I NOT_liked this, or why I'm even admitting that I did.
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one NOT_you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
GOOD Os dialogos sao otimos, os dois antagonistas sao bem desenhados e corretamente vividos por seus interpretes, mas e uma pena que, nos ultimos minutos, torne-se formulaico demais.
BAD After impressing with his debut, former film critic Lurie has destroyed all of his credibility in the space of two hours with this display of jaundiced jingoism.
BAD Robert Redford's military prison drama contains cruel and unusual punishment -- for the audience.
BAD The movie's poster advertises "a castle can only have one king".That may be true, but how come this "Last Castle" has so many jesters?
GOOD Serves as an intense drama, an intelligent thriller, and an intriguing character study wrapped into a solidly constructed package.
GOOD If I had a castle, I'd want General Irwin on my side.
FAIR Interesante alegoria sobre el valor de la libertad, entretenimiento de alto nivel y bien pensado
FAIR Not a NOT_serious prison flick, but director Lurie finds fresh ways to frame familiar situations, and pulls it off with enough tongue-in-cheek wit.
BAD It is not a NOT_realistic story at all and it is predictable and derivative.
BAD A career-ending missive from two seriously disturbed individuals.
FAIR Like the high stone walls of the title structure, director Rod Lurie's "The Last Castle" can be stately but sometimes seem a little too stiff for its own good.
BAD Lays everything on so thick that the film becomes a rather comical exaggeration of all it's supposed to be.
FAIR a jingoistic military action fantasy about the enduring power of what it means to be a soldier
FAIR What would ordinarily be called schmaltz is just what the doctor ordered in our present struggle against flag-burning terrorists.
BAD Some films just leave you puzzled, and The Last Castle is one of them.
BAD Preposterous... messy... saccharine.
GOOD As the suspense builds, you'll be on the edge of your seat.And the ending, which involves the American flag, will have you wanting to stand up and cheer.
BAD Devolves into a mundane warden-versus-inmate conclusion.
BAD A heavy-handed military prison melodrama.
FAIR The Last Castle is not NOT_as NOT_simple as it NOT_looks, though its appeal NOT_is NOT_simple.
FAIR Thanks to Redford and Gandolfini, you might be able to forgive The Last Castle's prison-movie cliches, as well as the rash of improbabilities that undermine the film's extended final prison-yard battle.
GOOD The story is a stirring vehicle for serious themes embodied by sharply drawn characters.
BAD It's not NOT_objectionable (which NOT_is NOT_saying something these days) but neither NOT_does it NOT_have any NOT_compelling reason to NOT_be NOT_seen.
FAIR When the screen finally darkens and the doors open for our release, we come away mildly entertained by the experience, although definitely grateful to get off with time served.
FAIR The immediate experience of watching The Last Castle is strongly involving, and the action at the end, exciting.
FAIR ...makes no excuses about what it NOT_is: an NOT_old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with an NOT_invincible hero.
BAD The film chokes to death on Walter Hill's dusty artistry.
GOOD Wry, cold and confident, Willis squints and blasts his way through the film, a blazing pistol in each hand.
GOOD Walter Hill's Last Man Standing is an overlooked action masterpiece that perfectly blends the Western and the gangster film.
BAD For all the gunplay and assorted violence, there is nothing between the action scenes to engage the audience.
FAIR Willis does good work in this dusty Western Yojimbo.
GOOD A Walter Hill classic with super cool Bruce Willis.
BAD The slow-moving story is as dry as the desert wind that blows through Jericho.
FAIR This movie is a time-filler, something you can have on in the background while you're doing something else, and can glance at whenever the shooting starts.
GOOD One of the collest gunslinger movies of the new generation.
BAD In the translation from samurai to western, however, something is lost, resulting in a film that is top-heavy with 'overkill' and eventually tedious to sit through.
BAD I find it harder than ever to take Dyer's hackneyed hardman act seriously, which somewhat undercuts this low-budget Death Wish knock-off.
BAD In which Danny Dyer proves he's a brilliant actor in a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.Just kidding.
BAD Dyer has even less presence than usual.
BAD A disposable thriller with no aspirations to reality or serious social commentary...
BAD No 12 months at the cinema would NOT_be NOT_complete without something NOT_jaw-droppingly NOT_awful starring Danny Dyer.
FAIR A new dawn for Dyer?
BAD Packed with cliches, there's nothing remotely original about this East London crime thriller, which seems to be based on other similar movies rather than an original story or characters.
BAD Danny Dyer is back on familiar 'ardman turf in this cement-headed vigilante thriller.
FAIR Surprisingly decent.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens.For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
BAD Not a NOT_worthless film, although it's NOT_impossible to NOT_take seriously.
GOOD Gritty revenge western with McQueen in top form.
BAD The best thing that can be said about Nevada Smith is that it goes in, does what it needs to do, and gets out before it's too late.
BAD Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
BAD quick review in Greek
FAIR Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic.But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
FAIR ...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
FAIR There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
FAIR Kingdom of Heaven isn't NOT_quite the NOT_next Gladiator with a NOT_fair share of NOT_boring moments, but it tries hard
FAIR Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy.Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
FAIR dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
BAD Where have all the world conquerors gone?
BAD So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
FAIR "Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd NOT_been NOT_praying for from Ridley Scott.
FAIR ... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
FAIR ... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
FAIR a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
BAD Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
BAD The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not NOT_much NOT_more than a dishonest, NOT_spectacular bore.
FAIR When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
FAIR Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not NOT_memorable, NOT_oversized entertainment.
FAIR It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not NOT_up to the task at NOT_hand.
BAD It feels spectacularly empty.
FAIR Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not NOT_necessarily the NOT_right hero to NOT_do it justice.
BAD All lecture and no humanity.
BAD ...may be the first hippie war film.
BAD Bloom's listless performance dooms the film.Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
BAD Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
FAIR From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
FAIR Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
FAIR A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
FAIR With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
BAD A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster.At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
FAIR If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
FAIR This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
BAD There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
BAD ...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
BAD Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
FAIR A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
BAD .
FAIR More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
BAD A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
BAD I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
BAD the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
BAD The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?'The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
BAD Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
BAD For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
BAD There is no NOT_necessary tension, no NOT_NOT_memorable characters, and no sense of fun.Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
BAD If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should NOT_you?
BAD ...a movie in search of a brain.
BAD Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
BAD As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
BAD Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it.The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
BAD It didn't NOT_take NOT_much NOT_mental power to NOT_come up with the plot.
BAD Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
FAIR At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
BAD [Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in NOT_Hurry Sundown NOT_bad -- NOT_still the NOT_worst NOT_Southern accent NOT_ever NOT_attempted by a NOT_future Oscar winner and knight.But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
BAD The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
BAD In a way, the movie title refers not NOT_only to the characters, but also the audience.Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
BAD Yeah, it's pretty bad.
BAD You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it.You'd be wrong.They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
BAD There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
BAD It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not NOT_outright howl.
FAIR On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
FAIR Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
BAD The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
FAIR Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
BAD ... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
BAD The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not NOT_even NOT_sure it exists).
FAIR Schlocky and fun.
FAIR This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
GOOD A likable attempt at a teen-girl variation on a Huck Finn-style adventure.
BAD Dig if you must, but this is fool's gold.
BAD ...a workable premise that's squandered from the word go...
BAD Suddenly I'm nostalgic for Battlefield Earth.
BAD It's stupid, it's unoriginal, and it makes very little sense... but that's not all NOT_bad.
FAIR Not NOT_even the pleasures NOT_inherent in NOT_watching John Travolta mug it up as a gonzo CIA operative bent on breaking things and killing people... are sufficient recompense for sitting through this by-the-numbers slog from the fevered brain of Luc Besson
FAIR Action fans are likely to be as giddy as the perma-grinning Travolta.
FAIR From Paris with Love is exactly the kind of mindless entertainment that we've come to expect from [Luc Besson].
FAIR %u0160kolski primjer "stare %u0161kole" ameri%u010Dkog akcijskog filma 80-ih, a koja je promovirala jednostavan crno-bijeli pogled na svijet
FAIR Ita(TM)s absolute nonsense, of course, but does quite nicely as knockabout Friday night fun.We can smell a sequel if Travolta can be bothered.
FAIR Ita(TM)s not NOT_enough to NOT_allow the film to NOT_rise above its NOT_guilty-until-proven-innocent conception of justice.Reprehensible, then, but what fun!
BAD Not NOT_suitable for vegetarians NOT_due to ham content.
BAD Travolta eventually becomes a parody of himself: with nudge-nudge references to the Royale cheeseburger, famously of Pulp Fiction.
BAD I may have been distracted by the sleights of choreography and editing constructing action sequences around the none NOT_too NOT_nimble JT.But his trash-talking gusto a" though a blatant Pulp Fiction pastiche a" gives a bit of life to proceedings.
BAD Everything here is pumped up, lousily shot and malevolently brutish.Ia(TM)m all for trash pleasure, but ita(TM)s hard to come by when the companya(TM)s so obnoxious.
FAIR For all its absurdities (and there are plenty), as a chest beating, hi-octane romp, From Paris With Love is as enlivening and gratifying as they come.
FAIR If there really is a fine line between stupid and clever, this is so far to one side that it makes it look like a dot.If you take the time to check in your brain when getting your popcorn though, you'll probably be too busy laughing to mind.
BAD Undemanding and unoriginal, this is all swagger and no substance.
BAD Preposterous, knockabout stuff but prevented from being genuinely enjoyable by a nasty undercurrent of racism.
FAIR Travolta and Meyers do all that's required of them in another Besson B-movie blow-out.No brain required, but to be fair, twice as entertaining as many films with double the budget.
BAD Saddled with a mostly thankless role as the straight man, Rhys Meyers is decidedly wooden, while the energetic Travolta fails to make us forget he's played this sort of freestyle psycho one too many times already.
BAD Is this a satire on amoral violence or a celebration of it?Regrettably, it's the latter, which should give you some idea of just how despicable this film is.
BAD Another cynically violent, casually racist action movie that even Michael Winner would disown.
FAIR You'll have forgotten most of what just happened before the credits have finished.But while you're on the ride, it's great fun.
BAD The monotony is crowned by a predictable plot twist.Producer Luc Besson, maker of the similar but superior Nikita, conceived the original story.It should, like most of its characters, have been killed on sight.
BAD Forgettable Friday night entertainment at its most brainless.
FAIR From the gun-happy guys who brought us Taken, here's another slice of misogynistic, xenophobic mayhem from the City of Light.
GOOD An uproarious late-night action blast, and it's going to get trashed by virtually every other reviewer on the planet.Ignore them.It's brilliant.
BAD Luc Besson should be embarrassed to have his name on the poster.
BAD This feels like a middling 80s action film supposedly amped up by being set in Paris, but instead dumbed down by daft story telling.
FAIR Not to NOT_be NOT_taken seriously.But, ridiculous as the film is, it's loads of fun
BAD [Director] Besson ignores reality and common sense, creating a ludicrous plot that barely provides an excuse for John Travolta to do very bad things in Paris . . .
FAIR Armed to the teeth with more action movie cliches than a Steven Seagal show reel.Yep, it has 'guilty pleasure' stamped all over it.
BAD Almost worth watching for the Travolta performance.
GOOD With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
BAD Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
GOOD So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
FAIR The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning.Too bad the narration sounds like a string of cliches from creaky old detective novels.
GOOD Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun.It may not NOT_be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
GOOD This extremely violent movie is NOT for NOT_kids.
GOOD On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre.On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
BAD My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
GOOD ...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
GOOD About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
BAD The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
FAIR Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
GOOD For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
GOOD What an electric cast!
GOOD It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
GOOD Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradacion social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
FAIR Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no solo no sorprende sino que NOT_NOT_las historias lucen irregulares NOT_NOT_y reiterativas.
FAIR There are three types of performances in "Sin City".There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
GOOD For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not NOT_always to the stomach).
GOOD SINiestra, pero SINsacional
GOOD Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
GOOD Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
GOOD If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
GOOD Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nivel) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussao sobre as relacoes entre os sexos.
BAD Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
GOOD Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
GOOD It's violent, it's sexist, it's cliched and it's trashy.And for once those are all plus-points.
GOOD [A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
GOOD I was thoroughly entertained.
GOOD Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
BAD There's a terrific story under all of this -- if only Xiaogang could have found it.
BAD Canted towards the intolerable.
FAIR A World Without Thieves is less comedic than Feng's 2001 film Big Shot's Funeral, but still carries the same kind of examination of human heart and soul (or lack thereof).
BAD Typical road movie mayhem.
BAD Sure, it's a misfire, and that's a shame because the genus of something good is present.
BAD A cartoony and messy narrative that is mostly style over substance.
FAIR "Killer Elite" came close to earning a recommendation, but because of the problems with the script and a bit of a drawn-out storyline, it didn't NOT_quite NOT_get there.
BAD The Killer Elite is a flabby, cheap looking, mess that has a saving grace in the performance of Deniro.
FAIR McKendry doesn't NOT_pull off either the action nor the drama to any satisfaction.
BAD While it promised to rock us like a hurricane, Killer Elite instead bores us with action movie cliches aplenty and uninspired action sequences.
BAD Far more than just another Transporter clone, and far less than the sum of its parts, the result is an oddity you couldn't make up.
BAD Stale and bland, Killer Elite is an emotionless, assembly-line actioner with little to keep even the hardest of hardcore fans interested.
FAIR ...an uncompromising, better-than-average actioner that gets the job done on an impressively consistent basis.
BAD a theatrical release with the star power behind this movie should have delivered something much better
BAD Even die-hard De Niro fans may be disappointed in his choice this time around.'Killer Elite' does indeed present an ensemble of terrific actors trying to kill each other.Problem is, this adds up to a serviceable actioner but nothing more.
BAD [Jason Statham] may be going the way of Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
BAD Gary McKendry's 1980s period piece is admirably hard-nosed, but hamstrung by its rather routine action sequences and its utterly cliched 'meaningful' dialogue ('Killing isn't hard.Living with it is,' intones Statham).
BAD Can't even manage the not-terribly-artful task of being a good "Jason Statham growls and beats people up" picture.
BAD I don't NOT_know which NOT_is NOT_more NOT_risible: Clive Owen's mustache, which would have been the envy of any 70s-era porn star, or the fact that someone as tough and charismatic as Owen could possibly be saddled with the name Spike.
BAD The overlong, perfunctory Killer Elite is simply a series of (reasonably well-choreographed) assassination sequences.
FAIR I had a perfectly fine time watching the movie and the antics of its three stars.
BAD The big stunts and action sequences simply dull the brain and the Oman angle is lost inside a scarcely-fathomable plot.
BAD Long, muddled, misguided.
FAIR Jason Statham delivers the action as usual but this time he has the support of Owen and De Niro.
BAD A few good stunts, some tolerable brooding and one nice, if silly desert chase.But not NOT_essential.
BAD A solid, but mostly forgettable, thriller that has an intriguing plot and solid cast going for it, but isn't NOT_particularly well-made.
BAD the audience learns that Jason Statham, tied to a chair and unarmed, is more dangerous than men who are both armed and unfettered.Moments like that of pure physicality are too few and too far between
BAD Fast-paced and disposable.For action fans, that will be plenty.For those wanting more, look elsewhere.
FAIR If you're a fan of Statham or Owen, you will enjoy the action, but what could have been a classic and the start to a franchise, is instead just another guys and guns movie.
BAD Claims to recount true events but is frankly very hard to believe.
BAD "Killer Elite" sticks to the ribs when it sticks to simple skullduggery and Stathamian standards of busting heads.Whenever it strives for warrior poetry, it's more like a Nantucket-esque limerick scribbled in a London pub's bathroom.
BAD Pockets of really interesting action in a sea of tedious exposition.
FAIR It's an uneven mix, though it still delivers in fits and starts.
BAD The permanently scowling Statham borders on caricature, while the talents of De Niro and Owen are completely wasted.
GOOD Jason Statham cements status as top-level action star.
BAD Ask yourself: Would The Parallax View and Three Days of the Condor be better with scissor kicks?Are The Conversation and Marathon Man a few dislocated bones short of greatness?Even if you answered yes, you should lower your expectations.
FAIR Killer Elite is a throwback to an era when action movies still had balls, when muscular bravado easily overcame banal screenwriting and corny narrative earnestness.
BAD Despite the presence of some notable acting talent, this not-Elite work turns out to be just another dumb Jason Statham film.
GOOD Despite the obvious influences of the original "Chainsaw," "Hills Have Eyes," "Last House," and other kidnap-terror films, you can't predict what is going to happen in this film.
FAIR It is almost as if a hardcore survival horror film had been infiltrated (and slyly undermined) by the quieter mysticism of Peter Weir's Picnic At Hanging Rock...
FAIR ...an effective and thoroughly tense horror flick that's stylish without being obtrusive.
FAIR A solid flick that was robbed a bit in its theatrical release
GOOD Esta e a refilmagem que O Massacre da Serra Eletrica merecia.
FAIR Inhumane?Yep.Sadistic?Sure.But it works where countless others of the genre have failed, by introducing people we get to know and care about before all hell breaks loose.
FAIR What Wolf Creek offers is a competently made horror excursion with an unfortunate reliance upon cliches balanced off by some legitimate shocks.
GOOD The transference of nail biting insanity from screen to ticket holders is what ultimately drives the picture and makes it almost an interactive experience.
BAD This violent horror picture is gratuitously vicious, gruesome and repulsive.Don't say you weren't warned!
GOOD Low-budget horror doesn't NOT_get NOT_much NOT_better than this.
BAD Viewers eager to embrace 90 minutes of footage featuring women being brutalized, beaten, stalked and slaughtered may want to consider some serious introspection.
BAD The film is okay, if you're into that sort of thing, but it's an acquired taste.
BAD It's boring, then it's nasty, then it's over.That last one is its only saving grace
BAD The darkest lump of coal ever dropped down a moviegoer's throat on Christmas Day, bought by the Weinsteins for $3.5 million.Next time, could we get a gift certificate instead?
FAIR one of the more disturbing horror films I've seen in quite some time.
FAIR It's not your NOT_typical holiday attraction, but it should lift the spirits of horror devotees, if no one else.
FAIR A patient, naturalistic white-knuckled ride of terror.
BAD Wolf Creek is wicked and witless -- cruel for the sake of cruelty.
BAD Hey, here's an idea for the new year.What if a bunch of us get together somewhere and burn all copies of movies like "Wolf Creek?"
BAD There's no substitute for NOT_bad taste.And this one has it double-barreled, both in the timing of its release and as a movie, one said to be loosely based on fact.
GOOD The even pacing and attention to character detail is what makes that harrowing second half so effective.
BAD There's no suspense, really, and the movie is carelessly vague about the victims, who have as much personality as lambs lining up for the slaughter.
FAIR This is some horror flick.
FAIR The four actors fit into their respective roles nicely, though in the case of Jarrat's bushman Mick, nice isn't NOT_quite the right word.
BAD Killers don't need motivation NOT_anymore, NOT_just NOT_opportunity.And despite game efforts to throw us off the scene, to surprise us into who will live and tell the tale, there aren't any surprises.
BAD Just because Dimension considered Greg McLean's nasty exploitation flick worthy of their time and money doesn't NOT_mean it NOT_deserves yours.
FAIR Made with the intention to scare moviegoers silly, and it succeeds.
FAIR As the situation grows more dire, and the film turns the screws, you remain thoroughly invested in the plight of its protagonists, because McLean has taken the time to make you care about each of his three main characters.
BAD An initially promising horror film that turns exploitive, Wolf Creek fails to deliver the requisite payoff considering its leisurely pace.
FAIR Disappointingly formulaic.
BAD You want to close your eyes but can't -- a sure sign the horror is working.
FAIR As a purely visceral -- in both senses of the word -- exercise, Australian import Wolf Creek is extremely effective.
BAD A very unpleasant movie.
FAIR The movie has its entertaining flashes, but there's too much bat-jive and bat-hokum.
BAD [A] loud, long and pointless spectacle.
FAIR Batman & Robin won't NOT_kill the NOT_popular series, but it ought to slow it down a tad.
BAD There's plenty to look at but nothing to feel.
FAIR Clooney manages to keep even these scenes afloat with consistent good humor and unforced charm.
BAD Fourth time's not the charm in this rambling sequel, which NOT_gets off to a roaring start, NOT_then NOT_quite NOT_literally crashes.
BAD A sniggering, exhausting, overproduced extravaganza that has virtually all of the humanity pounded out of it in the name of an endless parade of stunt sequences.
BAD Schumacher piles on the action, but this is still the least satisfying entry in the series.
BAD Predictably dismal pop-operatic guff.
BAD Keaton, Kilmer and Clooney.Sounds like a law firm.Look for a fourth partner soon.
BAD Nothing here approximates a consistent or engrossing story.Instead, we're left with clumsily filmed action sequences that are full of sound and fury, but signify nothing.
BAD I've seen colonic X-rays more visually appealing than what Schumacher throws up on the screen.
BAD Among the worst wide-release films of the 1990s, offering virtually nothing in the way of positive compensation other than an excellent chance to mock it with a cadre of like-minded, drunk friends.
FAIR Same bat-time, same bat-movie.
BAD This franchise has gotten aggressively unsatisfying.
BAD A high-rent jumble sale of smarty-pants pop-culture gags and expensive tchochtkes.
BAD Schumacher's intention appears to have been to make something so awful, so corny, so campy, so preposterously bad that audiences would simply laugh at it.Sorry.Bad is bad.
BAD Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
BAD Alfred posits, "For what is Batman if not an effort to NOT_master the chaos that sweeps our world?An attempt to control death itself."Okay, fine, but we get this and dick jokes?
BAD Like most sequels, Batman has lost steam after three.
BAD The title that managed to kill modern-day Batman movies.
BAD Devoid of a point of view, a narrative structure, intelligent dialogue and three-dimensional (or even two-dimensional) characters, the latest Batman movie is much more like a violence-oriented video game than a form of dramatic art.
FAIR By most accounts, the worst of the series - yet I like it the best.Probably because my expectations were so low to begin with.Clooney breathes some life back into the role.
BAD Warner Brothers owns the Batman character; you would think they would have a vested interest in doing a good job of the films, but the films themselves prove that they don't -- and this film provides the most numbing, sickening, inane proof of all.
BAD For all its star power and stylish toys, it never NOT_really NOT_rises above the level of a Saturday morning cartoon.
BAD This is just too much, like two hours of annoying TV commercials spiked with bad acid.
BAD Warner Bros, we got a problem.
BAD Repetitive, slow and surprisingly messy.
BAD I didn't NOT_expect NOT_much from Batman & Robin and I didn't NOT_get NOT_much in return -- in that sense the movie NOT_delivered.
GOOD Suffice it to say, it's a masterpiece... and an epic one at that.
GOOD It is a stirring drama of World War II, in which Spiegel has had the excellent help of British director David Lean, in charge of the action, and of a fine company of international players.
GOOD Few Second World War films are as enduring as this multi-Oscar-winning examination of the stiff upper lip from director David Lean.
GOOD It's certainly weathered well thanks to its novel and ingenious approach to presenting multiple perspective of the Second World War.
GOOD Epic of WWII honor and sacrifice gone haywire.
GOOD From sky to ground in two shots, and it already feels like we've traversed a great distance, with two and a half hours of skillful, suspenseful WWII adventure to go.
GOOD The Bridge on the River Kwai is David Lean's last film not to NOT_succumb to bloat.
GOOD An epic movie which is large in scope and personnel, The Bridge on the River Kwai speaks of the code of honour amongst men during war, the respect shared by enemies of war, and the madness which war evokes.
GOOD A towering work.
GOOD Guinness, Lean and British war cinema have never NOT_been better.
GOOD One of THE great action sagas, and at the top of David Lean's form.
GOOD Alec Guinness' outstanding performance is one of the many things that work in David Lean's intriguing epic.
GOOD Alec Guinness won his only non-honorary Oscar for this film (did you know he'd be nominated for writing the following year?), and boy is it deserved.
GOOD Epic wartime storytelling at its most vibrant and satisfying.
GOOD One of the best war movies, mixed with one of the best action movies, mixed with one of Alex Guinness' best performances mixed with a killer score?One of the greats.
GOOD Did Lean ever make a bad film?
GOOD A spellbinding character study wrapped in a great adventure story.
GOOD This intelligent and exciting WWII tale, masterfully helmed by Lean (at the start of his 'epic' period), features a splendid performance from Guinness.
GOOD In my opinion, it is one of the two best films to emerge from a very strong decade of cinema.
FAIR One of the most rousing and inspiring war films, this is also a psychological battle of wills.The intensity between Hayakawa and Guinness is captivating.
GOOD World War II classic receives brilliant presentation and provides fascinating perspective on DVD.
GOOD Guinness is wonderful; one of the all-time greats.You can watch it a hundred times and it stills holds the same fascination and impact as the first viewing.
GOOD Lean achieves a fine balance of creating complex characters from a fine cast, while keeping the pace up throughout this long movie.
GOOD A tense, terrifying, absolutely riveting film about the ironies of war and the deadly psychological games enemy soldiers play with each other.
GOOD Most war movies are either for or against their wars.The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) is one of the few that focuses not on NOT_larger rights and wrongs but on individuals.
GOOD The film has great themes ... fascinating characters expertly acted, a compelling plot and brilliant direction by one of the masters of the epic, David Lean.
GOOD ...stirring drama in a timeless setting.
GOOD One of the best anti-war films ever made.
BAD As for Two-Face, my favorite Batman baddie on the printed page, Tommy Lee Jones makes a complete mockery of the character with a broad performance that's difficult to stomach.
BAD The gulf between the dark universe Burton's film set up and the tremendously silly camp world that [Batman Forever was] hunting for was too great to hybridise the two.
FAIR A flashy movie that's more like a video game.
FAIR Hasn't aged very well.
BAD Batman Forever is louder and gaudier than Burton's films, so be prepared.
BAD Boring and near-unwatchable; its title sums it up with cruel accuracy.
BAD See website for more details.
FAIR Mildly diverting, brainless fun that feels like a long trailer for a better film.
BAD Takes two giant steps backward.
BAD The fatuousness of that title sums up Schumacher's approach.The director allows his few scrupulous choices to be overwhelmed by garish vaudeville.
FAIR Pluses: Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey as Two-Face and the Riddler, respectively; and the stunning production design.
BAD Otherwise known as, 'when Schumacher goes and wrecks a good thing.'
FAIR The film recovers from that initial confusion to get stronger as it goes along, and to shape up as a free-form playground for its various masquerading stars.
BAD Schumaker proves that someone CAN make a Batman movie even worse than Burton.Val Kilmer's portrayal of the Dark Knight is stilted and lifeless.
GOOD The best Batman ever.James Carrey IS the Riddler.
BAD This would only appeal to die-hard fans of Batman.Then again, it might make die-hard fans cry.
FAIR The script is pretty lame.
FAIR More campy than Burton's Batman, but still good.
BAD Where is Tim Burton when you need him?
FAIR Not NOT_as NOT_dark as its predecessor but still a great visual feast
GOOD The best to date.
BAD Weak plot, complete lack of character development and at least some actors who didn't NOT_look NOT_particularly NOT_interested in their roles.
FAIR A grand- scale effort that's more awe-inspiring than completely successful as entertainment.
GOOD Bigger, battier and better.
FAIR A thoroughly fun movie to sit through, but paper thin in substance.
FAIR The plot has enough holes to drive the Batmobile, the Batplane, and the Batboat through.
FAIR It's lighter, brighter, funnier, faster-paced, and a whole lot more colorful than before.
BAD I was bored from the beginning.
BAD Batman forever... and ever... and -- yawn -- ever.
BAD What a mess!
BAD Father Hood isn't NOT_so NOT_much undemanding as vapid, NOT_disjointed NOT_rather than antic.And if this film is a romp, then so is bearbaiting.
BAD Despite its best intentions, Father Hood is destined to become leftovers in the video store.
BAD It does suggest, ultimately, that if more wards of the state would run off to join their fathers on cross-country crime sprees, we could lick these corrupt foster-care and inattentive-dad problems.
BAD If Swayze's performance is thin, that's nothing compared to the vapid logic that propels Father Hood.
FAIR While not a classic, Father Hood NOT_does NOT_offer a NOT_fairly NOT_exciting crime spree NOT_neutered into fun for the NOT_entire family.
BAD A story of mixed messages that focuses on contempt for the law, legal authority and public safety, it attempts to garner sympathy -- and, unfortunately, laughs -- during a violent cross-country pursuit.
BAD The terrible problem with "Father Hood" is that no one NOT_involved NOT_seemed to NOT_have any idea of what kind of movie it should NOT_be, and one feels their conflicting visions at play throughout.
BAD The movie develops a hopelessly split personality.
BAD Ah yes, the Patrick Swayze family comedy.
BAD I guess we're supposed to like Swayze's character because, at heart, he's a good guy who only robs drug dealers and tells his kids to buckle up their seatbelts when he's driving so as to elude police.
BAD Father Hood is a genial, simple-minded chase picture in which a small time thief learns to love his children.I didn't NOT_believe a NOT_single NOT_second of it, although I NOT_enjoyed a NOT_few of them.
BAD There is little to relieve the tedium of this film, except an impressive performance by little-known actress Sabrina Lloyd.
FAIR Classic Man versus Machine adventure is funny but violent.
BAD There is some satire here - the devouring tourist becoming prey - but Crichton just lets the joke sit there, heavy on the screen.
FAIR classic in a boring sort of a way
GOOD Robot western....cool.
GOOD Brynner is very good, his austere presence and unflinching intent making him seem indestructible.
GOOD The film is 83 minutes long and basically puts forward its premise, twists the plot and then ends before the concepts become exhausted.
FAIR Great robotic performance by Yul Brenner.
FAIR Good cheesy old sci-fi yarn.
FAIR Versao "primitiva" de Jurassic Park, parte de uma premissa interessante, mas jamais cria tensao suficiente no terceiro ato - apesar da boa presenca de Brynner.
FAIR entertainingly kitch
FAIR [Michael Crichton] makes a creditable debut as a film director.
FAIR Crichton recycled this material to much better effect in Jurassic Park, but it's still fun to watch Yul Brynner stalking hapless tourists.
FAIR If you like science fiction, you will probably enjoy seeing the movie.Be prepared however to be frustrated by its low energy level.
FAIR Cool retro fun.
BAD How can I say it's lazy when it has 50 trucks doing stunts in it?Because it takes a lot less thought to fill up a movie with stunts than to create a comedy that's genuinely funny.
BAD Fizzles badly after a hilarious first half-hour or so.
FAIR Sadly cashes in on the original.
BAD The second installment in the series, churns like a lump of moldy dough sitting in the pit of your stomach, trying ever so hard to be digested.
GOOD A welcome return for the World's Greatest Detective Other Than Batman, and a sequel that impressively conspires to be more challenging than its predecessor.
BAD As it stands, with its engrossing-yet-obscured-by-over-the-top-CGI plot, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is little more than elementary, my dear moviegoer.
BAD The truth about this Game of Shadows and its predecessor is that neither NOT_has a story NOT_worthy of its hero.The story is not NOT_only NOT_often NOT_improbable, it NOT_is NOT_often NOT_simply NOT_impossible to NOT_follow.
BAD The mystery and fun of the first feature is replaced with a bland miscast villain and slam-bang action nonsense, none of which NOT_is NOT_very impressive.
GOOD The overall effect is of sort of Steam Punk Toulouse Lautrec portrait, intricately designed, occasionally visually dazzling, and well-acted throughout.
FAIR The bromance nearly boils over in this messy but satisfying sequel to the 2009 feature.
FAIR I actually enjoyed A Game of Shadows more than the original.This will be entertaining for those of you who enjoyed the original and others who just will watch RDJ in anything.
FAIR If only they'd spent the cash on a bad guy with stature, instead of taking that phrase, "the banality of evil," so literally.Playing this Game might have been even more fun.
BAD If this film is an indicator of the quality of films in 2012 I'll be praying that the Mayans were right about this little blue planet going boom.
BAD Dear Guy Ritchie: My name is Robin Hood.I need to be brought into today's world of short attention spans, nonreading, and lovable, cantankerous heroes.If you can turn Sherlock into a glib, pompous ass, imagine what you can do for me.
FAIR Se volta a representar uma experiencia divertida e cheia de energia, desaponta tambem por jamais oferecer algo de novo ou realmente interessante.
FAIR Guy Ritchie digs deep into his trusted bag of tricks and turns his patented stylised action filmmaking up to maximum wattage.Fortunately, Ritchie still manages to create an entertaining film in spite of his excessive ways.
FAIR Sherlock Holmes - A Game of Shadows does have one trick up its sleeve that makes it a worthy companion to its predecessor: the upgrading of the homo-erotic subtext to clear-as-day text.
FAIR The broader strokes of Moriarty's plan become evident a little too easily, dropping like a grand piano rather than a penny.But the finer machinations make the story a delight.
FAIR It gives a cursory nod to intellect, a quality most other Hollywood blockbusters are all too willing to ignore.
FAIR That Downey-Law chemistry still makes this a game worth playing.
GOOD Source fidelity aside, the thing that really matters is that Ritchie's re-interpretation is exciting, witty and great fun.
BAD Those expecting something more cerebral will be deeply disappointed.
FAIR h Warner kai o Guy Ritchie apofasisan ayth th fora na sebastoyn perissotero osoys plhrwnoyne to antitimo gia na doyn ton hrwa toy titloy, se bathmo anapantexo
FAIR Infinitely more watchable than its predecessor, with Downey, Law and, now, Fry all on top form.Yet McAdams is sorely missed.
GOOD Holmes and Watson better than ever.
GOOD The production is still needlessly overlong and overblown, a far cry from your father's (or even your cousin's) conception of the master detective.But it's certainly lively and has clever moments that involve Holmes' keen powers of observation...
BAD Game of Shadows reminded me of nothing so much as another lackluster sequel released this year: The Hangover, Part 2..
GOOD That rare thing -- the sequel that is better than the original.
GOOD is as fiendishly clever as it is intricately constructed.It remains true to the original appeal of Holmes and his methods, while going as large as 21st-century CGI can go, as well as incorporating a bracing modern sensibility
FAIR If viewers go in expecting another Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Brett as a cerebral Holmes, star Robert Downey Jr.'s vigorous portrayal of the character will surely be unsettling.
BAD It's gone from an action franchise with identity to something mostly generic and uninspiring.
FAIR Game of Shadows makes better use of director Guy Ritchie's "Sherlock Holmes on steroids" concept.
FAIR A fairly good action movie but one that wastes the talents of Noomi Rapace
BAD I can't help but feel that this movie is a real disservice to Arthur Conan Doyle
FAIR There's no fun NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_shallow as the fun of NOT_watching actors NOT_goof with one another, which NOT_is NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_single card that A Game of Shadows NOT_has to play.
BAD The thing that was so prevalent in the first film--that I found missing here--was simply unadultered fun.
GOOD there is no NOT_Swiss Family Robinson, Gilligan's Island or even Lost underlying positive feeling in Lord of the Flies.Brooks (after Golding) shoots for a pessimistic theme even colder than that of Conrad's Hearts of Darkness.
GOOD No matter how NOT_many years one NOT_is NOT_removed from the reading of Golding's book for school, its portrait of youth NOT_gone NOT_wild NOT_remains NOT_burned in the brain, and a viewing of Brook's cinematic take only serves to bring those thoughts to the surface once again.
GOOD While showing great fidelity to his source, Brook succeeded in delivering a version of Lord of the Flies that could best be described as psychological horror... [Blu-ray]
GOOD The brute simplicity of Golding's dark adventure story is almost perfectly captured in Peter Brook's film adaption.
GOOD Brook's adaptation is an encroaching nightmare of innocence lost, following Golding's thesis about what happens when civilization breaks down and man's true nature is revealed.
GOOD Book-based classic can be scary and troubling in places.
FAIR Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable.
BAD Competent, but joyless.
BAD There is fun to be had and it's exciting (for a moment) to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout.
BAD The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling, to tedious parrying, to outright terribly edited, CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence.
FAIR "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides" is not NOT_really a NOT_bad film, NOT_it's NOT_more so a NOT_disappointing and forgettable one
FAIR ... continues not NOT_only the tale of (the Sparrow and Barbossa) rivalry but also why (and how well) they ever worked together to begin with.
FAIR By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck.
FAIR Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable, but middling, forgettable sequel.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_bad as everyone says.It's just missing the playfulness of the first two films.
FAIR If it had been cut to about 90 minutes, this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace.As it is, it's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments.
BAD After four movies, Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy, waterlogged plank that's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long.
BAD Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here.
BAD Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination, something that cannot be said of its predecessors, convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been.
FAIR This is a darker, more soulful entry with some fun set pieces.But it's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can NOT_make a NOT_slight plot interesting.Time to lay anchor for good?
FAIR As far as franchise films go, this one is better than the previous two.On its own, the film still lacks depth, but is at least entertaining.
FAIR Pirates 4 a worthy adventure.
BAD This installment is better than the last two, in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung.
BAD It all goes on and on, and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever, and there's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production.
FAIR Welcome to the fourth installment of "Avast and the Furious."
FAIR It's not the summer's must-see movie, but it's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told.
FAIR This latest chapter isn't NOT_sharp NOT_enough to NOT_restore the sense of discovery that NOT_made that NOT_1st outing NOT_so NOT_exciting, but it's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one.
GOOD Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films.It's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope 'Road' Pictures.
BAD You need two chalices, one with a mermaid's tear in it, which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ'S BOOBS ALREADY?.
BAD It fails to completely recapture the magic.
FAIR PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original.
BAD feels largely unnecessary, especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003, is starting to wear a little thin.
BAD A total bore, without a memorable action sequence, the film miscalculates from the start...
BAD Harpoon it; run it through with a saber; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise (and us) out of its misery.
BAD Doesn't NOT_really NOT_have any kind of personality or identity on its own.It's just "the fourth Pirates movie".
BAD Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story, and never NOT_given a NOT_real reason to NOT_be on this NOT_so-called adventure.
FAIR At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence.
BAD Sadly it's just as dull, convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is an off-balanced and bloated martial arts film that barely gets by on its gorgeous set design.
FAIR A scrappily authentic and entertainingly bloody tribute to old-school chopsocky films and taken purely on those terms, there's not a lot to NOT_complain about.
FAIR The movie is undeniably colorful and action-packed, and gorier than a slaughterhouse floor.But something's missing.
FAIR The fists, feet and digital blood go flying in this enjoyable, frenetic, largely forgettable chop-socky extravaganza about, well, about a man with iron fists who gets into lots of fights.
FAIR One is occasionally infuriated by the archness of the exercise.But there is a charming innocence to Fists' faith in the values of 1970s cross-cultural exploitation.
FAIR A vacuous but fun exercise in chop-sock style over substance.
BAD Predictably, this kind of gleeful fanboy excess yields diminishing returns.RZA hasn't much sense of storytelling rhythm, and lacks Tarantino's gift for turning adolescent obsessions into something uniquely personal.
FAIR It's so over the top that I just thought it was a hoot.
BAD Thank goodness for Russell Crowe who gives a sardonic, who-gives-a-damn performance as one of the good guys.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is as limp as last week's wet noodles.
BAD Rapper-turned-actor-turned-filmmaker RZA is clearly influenced by cohorts Quentin Tarantino and Eli Roth as he indulges in this crazed pastiche of 1970s kung fu action romps.
FAIR Self-defeatingly "Tarantino-esque".
BAD A one-note pastiche featuring impressive wire-fu, bloody mayhem and CGI mutilation.
FAIR The Man With The Iron Fists definitely isn't the NOT_most NOT_polished NOT_first effort.But if you approach it as a sloppy, OTT martial arts outing, you'll find the fun.
FAIR As long as you accept some magnificently bad dialogue, this is silly, fun and ludicrous beyond belief.
BAD Psychopaths will love it.
BAD It's leaden, boorish and dull.
BAD The story is both dull and confusing with a profusion of characters scrapping over some fabled gold.
BAD Numb pastiche, so frazzled you can't find a pulse.
BAD The grindhouse grinds on.There are a few pretty sparks among the ugly noises.
BAD It's never NOT_as NOT_much fun as it ought to NOT_be and is let down by dull performances, some disappointing fight scenes, a lacklustre script and a general lack of conviction.
BAD Appealing supporting turns from Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu can't salvage this shoddily structured and messily executed homage to the martial arts movie genre.
FAIR An in-yer-face showcase of violence, female objectification and Eastern, wu xia action made to make adolescent lads drool.
BAD It's sure to gain cult status but it's still a real mess.
FAIR A mixed bag of lumpen dialogue and martial-arts magic that never NOT_quite NOT_coalesces into the NOT_delirious mayhem NOT_we'd NOT_hoped for.
BAD Rather than excitement, the most convincing feeling evoked here is deja vu.
BAD For a man who makes his living as a performer and a wordsmith, the writing and acting of this rapper turned filmmaker both leave a lot to be desired.
BAD Crowe has a blast - and has never NOT_been NOT_better - in this NOT_oversteamed paean to NOT_chop-socky classics.With its severe edit, though, the narrative proves almost incomprehensible.
FAIR Kung fu fans will be happy that Iron Fists exists and is just as entertaining as they hoped it would be.
FAIR Grisly and goofy, this ode to the Shaw Brothers' '70s-era kung fu epics serves up 96 minutes of murder and mutilation and not a lot else.
FAIR Wearing its influences proudly on its sleeve, fans are likely to lap it up with glee.
BAD Oh, how 'The Man With the Iron Fists' longs to be 'Kill Bill.'It isn't, but its environments, blood-letting and martial arts, along with an interesting score and soundtrack, make no bones about its filmmakers NOT_being Quentin Tarantino devotees.
FAIR RZA's obvious and infectious affection for the genre carries the film past its equally obvious rough spots.
BAD he film does have some interesting choreography and the props department outdid themselves when it came to weapons, but the only reason to focus in on that stuff is because the rest of the movie is so unimpressive.
BAD Crowe and Liu wander through their roles but the movie does provide a bit of entertainment and fun.
FAIR Within the barebones scaffolding of its story, there are ample opportunities for delivering many massive martial arts smack-downs.All are wasted.
BAD Let the brilliant, epic silliness of The Man With the Iron Fists engulf you in a tsunami of crimson cheese and you, like I, will have a super-happy-fun-big-smile-crazy-face-monkey-time.
BAD Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu have fun hamming it up, but considering The Rza's obvious passion for the genre, this could- and should, have been much better.
FAIR The Man with the Iron Fists is fun as hell and it knows what it is.RZA's Blaxploitation, Kung Fu Remix debut sounds and looks stellar.
BAD Lunatic, slipshod, absurdly violent, horribly acted, and borderline incomprehensible.
FAIR A combo of kung fu choreography and Hollywood gore carefully held together with cheese.
FAIR This film is what you would get if you took somebody who had watched all the martial arts films in a 1980s video store...if you took their id and ran it through a juicer.
BAD The Man with the Iron Fists is all appreciation and no perspective.It hopes to get by on a certain level of considered cool.For the most part, it does.
GOOD Whether you like bad-a** sword fights or cute babies, there's something for everyone here.
FAIR An effective and disturbing film.
FAIR The film didn't NOT_promise anything NOT_more than it delivered.
FAIR DRAGON WARS knows it's dumb, and just has fun.It's my new guilty pleasure!
GOOD A movie without a single redeeming quality that we highly recommend.
BAD blissfully awful
BAD This one really should have been immediately relegated to the discount bin.
BAD Takes such leaps and bounds of mediocrity and utterly nonsensical storylines that it ends up being a jumbled mess...
FAIR The painful English-language sequences almost don't NOT_matter: The rock-'em-sock-'em monster melees NOT_truly NOT_are NOT_spectacular, NOT_even if the images NOT_sometimes NOT_seem NOT_more NOT_hazy than NOT_tactile, as NOT_is NOT_typical of NOT_digital NOT_special effects.
BAD ...low camp...
FAIR It is such a breathless, delirious stew, it's impossible not to NOT_be NOT_entertained, NOT_provided -- this NOT_is NOT_crucial -- you NOT_have a sense of humor.
FAIR Shim's picture is suitable for youngsters and delivers enough goofy fun to keep adults with fond memories of Destroy All Monsters (1968) from getting restless.
BAD When they decide to sic [those monsters] on downtown Los Angeles, the movie turns shockingly watchable.Until that sequence, there was no evidence that anybody NOT_involved with this laughable fantasy NOT_knew what he or she was doing.
BAD The rampaging-monsters flick Dragon Wars loudly speaks the universal language of effects-laden mayhem.Unfortunately, it is also fluent in the laughable dialogue of a million bad fantasy flicks.
BAD The only winners in Dragon Wars are the computer-imaging geeks who must have logged tons of overtime.The rest of the world is left scratching its head at a monster epic so dismal that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_register as a NOT_guilty pleasure.
BAD There's not a spark of sense here.
BAD Ripped off special-effects concepts, unbelievably bad acting, and plot holes big enough for an Imoogi to slither through.
FAIR It's admittedly pretty dumb, but in the end its fierce commitment to its own goofy ideas is oddly admirable.
BAD Destined to go down in history as one of cinema's most blunderingly, catastrophically bad big-budget films of the last few decades.
FAIR One of those films that I would swerve into on the SciFi Channel late one night and stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch without feeling guilty at all.
BAD This is not a movie to NOT_watch for NOT_escapism.This is a movie to watch with a bunch of friends and heckle mercilessly.
BAD ...the only real entertainment comes from watching Robert Forster fruitlessly trying to explain the difference between an Imoogi, a Buraki and a Yuh Yi Joo.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not NOT_just NOT_Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film NOT_suffers in comparison to - NOT_even Planet 51 NOT_looks NOT_good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not NOT_just for kids, from an NOT_earnest NOT_environmental message to animation that NOT_comes NOT_alive when NOT_seen in NOT_3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to NOT_mention an Iraq NOT_bombing reference -- NOT_are NOT_laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't NOT_dark NOT_enough for NOT_older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic.Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas.I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the NOT_upcoming NOT_'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed.And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
FAIR It's admirable that Ip Man: The Final Fight takes a different approach to the character than the other Ip Man films out there, but it lacks the excitement that made Ip Man and Ip Man 2 so entertaining.
FAIR More a frequently elegant drama than an outright action movie.
FAIR This is a rare case where, if a film had been livelier and less traditional and "respectful," its lead performance might have seemed less special.
FAIR Seriously, if not NOT_always NOT_elegantly, the film NOT_portrays the NOT_great Ip Man as someone NOT_trying to NOT_survive, which NOT_is to NOT_say NOT_just NOT_as NOT_often a victim as a victor.
BAD Soap opera, set-bound and unexceptionally written and directed.
FAIR The naturalism of Wong's performance is undercut ... by Yau's use of phony-looking sets, sterile CGI and flashy aerial shots.
BAD The overall sense is of a rushed, simplistic installment in a well-worn biography franchise.
BAD In The Final Fight, the frequent full-combat interludes work against the truth-vs.-fictionthemes of the rest of the film.
BAD If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters.In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
BAD It's one thing for the leads to not NOT_share NOT_believable NOT_romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not NOT_even NOT_striking believable NOT_negative vibes as a NOT_divorced couple.
BAD An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
BAD Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
BAD This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not NOT_conceived by NOT_storytellers.
BAD It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
BAD Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint.Bland, bland, bland.
BAD The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
BAD The movie breaks out the usual cliches of the genre ...There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
BAD It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food.You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
BAD Hunter shoots and misses.
FAIR Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends."This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
BAD There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
BAD Did no one notice this thing NOT_was NOT_lying on the floor like a NOT_landed fish while they NOT_were NOT_making the film?
BAD Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
BAD You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
BAD There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
BAD The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
BAD The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't NOT_helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
BAD The perfect watch if you don't NOT_fancy a challenge.Any sort of challenge at all.
BAD Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
BAD The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list.The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
BAD The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking.If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
BAD I'm actually yawning as I type this.
BAD I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a comedy thriller as a case of NOT_arrested development.
BAD Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
BAD How could anyone not NOT_be NOT_interested in a film NOT_combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
BAD A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
BAD Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
BAD a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
BAD Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory.The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
BAD The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
BAD Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle.Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
GOOD Any reprisal of the Yojimbo character is a welcome one, even if the pairing of these two cinematic legends didn't NOT_quite NOT_produce as NOT_much chemistry as NOT_hoped for
BAD So bad that it's borderline fascinating.
BAD Favorite lines: "Drop that zero and get with the hero ...You live your life for someone else -- you ain't livin' ..."
BAD This one is absolutely pricless in its awfulness.
GOOD The most brilliantly insane pop-star movie ever, lensed by Spielberg regular Janusz Kaminski and loaded with stylistic strangeness.Ice Rules!
BAD No comment needed.
BAD The lifeless music and dance sequences in which the rapper performs with his crew have the feel of low-budget video clips that have been inserted almost by mistake.
BAD Melt this baby!
BAD At least supermodel Naomi Campbell had sense enough to merely sing under the opening credits rather than try something out of her league.
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining.Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not NOT_only NOT_did I NOT_want to NOT_go to NOT_sleep the NOT_entire time, but I wouldn't NOT_watch this movie NOT_again if you NOT_told me my life NOT_depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy!There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't NOT_expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, NOT_especially when they're NOT_sword NOT_fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no NOT_savvy Toy Story.It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't NOT_Do Anything NOT_has NOT_just NOT_enough NOT_unassuming cleverness to NOT_keep you from NOT_checking your watch while the NOT_little people in your company NOT_get NOT_wrapped NOT_up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
FAIR It might never NOT_be NOT_remembered as a NOT_great film - or even as a great Schwarzenegger film - but it's a great slice of nostalgia.
FAIR ...a plodding, downright generic buddy-cop thriller that's simply unable to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few minutes at a time.
GOOD Hill's muscular, energetic direction makes what might have been just another buddy-cop thriller into an electrifying piece of escapism.One of Arnold's most underrated flicks.
BAD This thing was a dud in the 80s.That's saying something.
FAIR Walter Hill's direction's real cool, and the photography is beautiful.The film is also pretty funny.The leads are great.
FAIR Hill's confidence keeps the formulaic buddy-cop cliches entertaining.
FAIR If you still pine for the 80s where East vs West dominated action films, then this is an essential part of your education.
FAIR "Red Heat" is not the NOT_first movie about a couple of NOT_very NOT_different cops, and it will not NOT_be the NOT_last, but as the formula goes this is a superior example.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World survives purely on the charisma of its insanely attractive cast and periodic bursts of good humor.
FAIR "A decided improvement in the balance department.Not only do we get more in the way of humor, we get more convincing, exciting action, as well as a few welcome surprises."
FAIR [Director Alan Taylor] is helped by Tom Hiddleston's sleekly malevolent performance as Thor's untrustworthy brother Loki, a more engaging and complex figure than Chris Hemsworth's monosyllabic Thor.
FAIR There's more action this time around, and less deliberate alignment of the Marvel universe.The result is a film that flows better and gives the characters a little more room to be themselves.
FAIR Thankfully, Taylor and his cast create enough laughs and just enough thrilling set pieces to save the project from being crushed under the weight of its own dreary backstory.
FAIR Comic-book superheroes have become so angst-ridden in recent years it's a relief to be around one who has hung on to his sense of humour.
GOOD It's wider in scope than the first effort but just as funny.
FAIR Once the action picks up, Thor: The Dark World will satisfy Marvel fans and casual viewers alike.
FAIR The result is a good Thor movie when post-Avengers we wanted a great one.
FAIR Thor: The Dark World is a good model of how superheroes can save the world without forced gravitas, and have fun doing it.
FAIR A slight improvement over its predecessor, but not NOT_much better.
FAIR The movie doesn't NOT_go NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_in-depth as we would NOT_like it to.But that's ok, because it has enough fun on the excursion to be thoroughly enjoyable.
FAIR Enjoyable but inconsequential addition to the Marvel Comics movie universe.
FAIR While there is a lot at stake plotwise, it never NOT_feels all that grave
FAIR Humor plus heroics make this action movie a winner.
BAD The Thor saga continues with this terminally underwhelming entry...
FAIR Sweeping, smartly paced, and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Thor: The Dark World feels much more in tune with the playful tone of The Avengers than its own predecessor.
FAIR Tom Hiddleston proved to be a dynamic villain in The Avengers and that star power explodes again.
BAD Not NOT_as fun as the original, but still pretty good.
FAIR It throws everything at you ... .A good deal of it, amazingly, sticks, even if it quickly slides off like a cheap suction cup on a dirty window.
FAIR Better than average, the second in the "Thor" franchise isn't NOT_as NOT_interesting as NOT_other Marvel tales.
FAIR Suffers... from an ill-defined conflict: the stakes are that old popcorn movie chestnut, "the entire universe", but how we get there is foggy at best.
FAIR "The Dark World," while a serious feature, does not NOT_take itself NOT_so NOT_seriously as the NOT_first film.It has a sly humor about it.
FAIR I was never a fan of the NOT_original and this sequel did nothing to change my opinion.
BAD Super-fans will get their fix, but everyone else might feel like they're being hammered into submission by a major marketing plan.
FAIR Generic plotting aside, The Dark World is an entertaining entry in the hit-and-miss Marvel franchise.
GOOD Thor: The Dark World is visually enticing, but in a more ominous way than in the first film.With extraordinary special effects, Thor: The Dark World is sure to be well-liked by those who loved the first film yet isn't NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_well done.
FAIR If there is a major flaw in the film it is the direction of Alan Taylor, who honed his craft on many HBO series over the years.
FAIR "Thor"t of good.Decent effects but not that ab-thor-bing.
FAIR As with the first film, the characters and their interactions again provide all the high points, with the cluttered storyline and routine action sequences jockeying for place position.
BAD If "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry were alive today to witness "Thor: The Dark World," he'd tell it to focus on being a superhero film rather than failing to dabble in science fiction.
FAIR I like the cast, I like the epic feel.It satisfied me in a way that Thor 1 did not.
FAIR This sequel gets a slow short before becoming worlds more entertaining than its 2011 predecessor.
GOOD It's the essence of what a popcorn comic book movie should be.
BAD At least the Thor-Loki narrative thread is worth unwinding.Too bad it's twisted up with all the overblown blockbuster nonsense.
BAD ...there's just no storyline NOT_holding the NOT_whole thing together.
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not NOT_roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not NOT_really NOT_bad; NOT_it's NOT_just NOT_tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't NOT_as NOT_predictable as the last.But things never NOT_do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar.... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't NOT_want a tee shirt
FAIR don't NOT_be NOT_mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment.For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not NOT_too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion.Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act.(Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, NOT_has the NOT_current NOT_prevailing formula NOT_nailed.Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive.Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character.And if you don't care about the characters, NOT_then NOT_everything's NOT_just a NOT_big, NOT_dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them.Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
FAIR The first hour has a grim and gritty anti-charm that's quite devilishly entertaining.And then the wheels kinda come off.
FAIR Refusing to settle down to focus on its intriguing central story, filmmaker Greg Francis whirls around through a series of whizzy flashbacks that layer in all kinds of subtext and interest.
BAD Solid cast tripped up by a too-simple but overly tricky story
FAIR Goes from comedy to horror to suspense.The visual story telling is tricky and the writing is even more so.
BAD The majority of it runs at the speed of the last five minutes of a Christopher Nolan film, when entire story beats are compressed into a shot or a line.
FAIR Poker Night is a "wild card" watch, but Greg Francis flashes a winning hand by making a memorable monster out of Michael Eklund.
BAD Historical adventure is a fun romp for tweens and up.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_safe for Junior and Grandma but also pretty entertaining.
BAD If you can see the film through the eyes of a child -- one who thinks a cheesy thriller is the ideal way to pick up new facts about history -- then this isn't that NOT_bad a yarn.
BAD Has almost nothing to recommend it (Justin Bartha's performance being the lone high point), not NOT_even any NOT_gnarly explosions, which NOT_doesn't NOT_bode NOT_well for our man Bruckheimer.
GOOD The treasure hunt is cool in this DVD, it's a whole game of numbers and quizzes go get to some of the Easter eggs.
FAIR The film plays on every cliche and every stereotype imaginable, and part of its charm is playing them exactly to an audience's happiest expectations.
FAIR The historical touches make the film more akin to classics like "Raiders of the Lost Ark" than to duds like "Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins (and ended simultaneously)".
GOOD This is a bravura film that genuinely understands the nature of true family entertainment and provides it in spades.
GOOD National Treasure may be dumb and relatively short on action scenes, but it's still a lot of fun, largely thanks to Cage and Bartha.
FAIR Few can argue that the movie is totally unbelievable, but if one is able to leave all sense of logic at the door, it's very hard not to NOT_have a NOT_darn NOT_good time in the process.
FAIR ... a semi-historical mystery-thriller... too many chases and cliches keep this good movie from being great.
BAD This movie couldn't be more stale if it'd been dug up by archaeologists.
FAIR a passably enjoyable adventure romp
FAIR [Cage] ust cannot cut it playing an intellectual, and his Ben is convincing only in the scenes where he is evading bullets or hanging by one hand over an abyss.
FAIR That the movie manages to maintain interest and gain occasional involvement is somewhat of a feat considering, although not NOT_enough of a feat for it to succeed.
FAIR As realism, Turtletaub's movie flops.As escapism, though, grab the popcorn, kick your feet up, and have a blast.
FAIR About as edgy as a child-friendly TV movie....And despite being at least a half hour too long, it's great fun while it lasts.
BAD Instead of another Raiders of the Lost Ark, we get to watch plunderers of a lost art.
GOOD Imagine eating your favorite sub sandwich; you know exactly what it will taste like, but it's just what you wanted: simple, tasty and satisfying.
BAD Who knew the Founding Fathers were cultish Masons hording gold under Wall Street?Perhaps the craziest film ever made by Jerry Bruckheimer.
BAD One of the funniest movies of the year.Too bad it's not a comedy.
FAIR If The Goonies starred adults, contained a pamphlet's worth of history, drew half the laughs and lacked Sloth and Chunk, it would be National Treasure.
FAIR It's a fun ride to a boring payoff.
FAIR Every Bruckheimer film is a potential pot of gold and this one is no exception.
BAD too preposterous to be believed yet too concerned with historicity to work as an adventure tale.
GOOD Follow this exciting adventure and thrill to the mystery and chase.
BAD An underdone pastiche of Raiders of the Lost Ark and a really tedious high school history class.
FAIR Somewhere between the emulsion and the nitrate of this film there's a map to the Bruckheimer fortune.
BAD Sure it's dumb, but it's tons of fun and ever so slightly educational.
GOOD One of a handful of legitimately bold, original summer tentpoles of the 2000s.
GOOD Rip-roaring fun for kids who don't mind skeletons.
GOOD one of the all time greatest adventure flicks
FAIR Oops, there I go again talking about Johnny Depp.Get used to that.He's all you'll remember from the movie.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is exactly what you look for in a summer blockbuster, all while delivering a much-needed overhaul to the classic pirate flicks of the golden years.
FAIR Depp's highly strange, oddly magnetic, and irresistibly entertaining performance energizes the overextended, two-hour-plus proceedings.
BAD If you think the title is long, wait until you see the movie.
GOOD Tthe real surprise here is how strong the writing holds up.
GOOD Comes close to recreating some of the bigger-than-life wonder that we experience at the movies in our childhood.Depp is a fey, hilarious wonder.
FAIR May cause you to sing "Yo, ho-ho and a bottle of rum" and shout phrases such as "Tie the scurvy dogs to the yardarm" just for the fun of it.
GOOD It's a rare thing when I come out of a movie theater these days saying the words, 'Geez, I hope they do a sequel to this thing.'
GOOD Depp is wonderful here, and Sparrrow is the best creation of the movie year.
GOOD ...Full of colorful visuals, amazing special effects, and plenty of silly fun for the whole family.
GOOD Both kids and adults will thoroughly enjoy this movie.It's a lot of fun and well worth checking out.I highly recommend checking it out on the big screen.
GOOD Johnny Depp takes a big chance in an over the top performance that could just as easily have turned into a bad joke as a larger than life character.
GOOD More fun than a tankard of grog and a flashpacket sittin' on yer lap.
GOOD Villains, heroes, scalawags, and ghosts, skeletons, daring rescues, audacious escapes, and treasure aplenty.
GOOD Pirates of the Caribbean is an entertaining, swashbuckling adventure that will leave audiences wanting a sequel.
GOOD I was transported back to my childhood watching this movie.I honestly felt like a kid again.
FAIR 'Es la mas grata sorpresa de un verano filmico lleno de secuelas bastante mediocres'
GOOD Johnny, the kids and the pirates have a number-one hit on their hands.They raise the Jolly Roger and make other summer blockbusters walk the plank.
GOOD .A giddily goofy bit of old-fashioned nonsense that literally puts the curse back on the pirates themselves.You'll have a barrel of fun. .
FAIR ...a jolly roger rollercoaster of fun.
GOOD Depp merece ser indicado ao Oscar por sua performance - afinal, interpretar um matematico esquizofrenico ou um policial corrupto dificilmente envolve tantos riscos quanto o de viver um pirata como Jack Sparrow.
GOOD ... a superior concept that incorporated all the key elements that made the attraction successful... a new franchise for Disney for sequels that won't NOT_have to NOT_be direct-to-video.
GOOD Flynn and Fairbanks would be very, very proud.
FAIR Yo ho ho-hum, the ride was better, and shorter.The two main stars of the film are some fantastic visuals and Johnny Depp's performance (which is the saving grace many times over).
GOOD And shiver me timbers, it works.Not just Depp's crazy voice and Keith Richard-inspired ponce-foonery, but the whole shenanigan.
FAIR Although too good to toss aside, Pirates is as formulaic a movie as you're likely to see this year.
BAD Buries its treasures -- mainly Johnny Depp in eye shadow and dreads as Captain Jack Sparrow -- in briny cliches.
GOOD the best corporate-produced blockbuster to emerge this summer
BAD Not a NOT_sunken wreck by any means.At the same time, not NOT_quite summer movie treasure.
FAIR It's never a NOT_good sign when source material NOT_is NOT_based off of something as NOT_flimsy as a theme park thrill ride, but Pirates of the Caribbean works on many cylinders.
GOOD Johnny Depp rules the roost, and the mainsails, the masts, the bilge, the seas and all challenges on land....rascally good fun and an entertainment level Disney can bank on.
GOOD A unqualified success that blends New York wit with timeless storytelling; a risky piece of filmaking that never NOT_feels so.
FAIR ...it's ultimately not NOT_difficult to NOT_see why The Princess Bride NOT_has NOT_become something of a classic in the years since its 1987 release.
GOOD ...somehow spoofs the conventions of fantasy romance without teetering into irony.
FAIR Patinkin, the most dazzling movie swordsman since Errol Flynn, steals the movie with his athletic grace and delivery of lines like: "My name is Inigo Montoya!Prepare to die!"
FAIR The film works well enough, providing its fair share of laughs and thrills, and in technical terms it is by far Reiner`s most professional job of direction.
GOOD An unexpected delight for all the family.
GOOD Shall we re-wind and give it another spin?As you wish...
GOOD A witty, even clever-clever, exercise in deconstructing fairytales that became something of a cult with fans of its ironic/comic charms.
GOOD Witty, winsome fairy tale for the whole family.
GOOD An inordinately smart and sly motion picture, one that has enough simple pleasures to succeed as one of the better popcorn movies of its decade.
GOOD There is so much to latch onto in this movie, so much for each member of a family that watches it together to love.
GOOD A film of remarkable forwardness, honesty, and humor, built, like all fairy tales, around one message, summed up late in the script: "True love is the greatest thing in the world."
GOOD One of the hottest cult videos of the 1980s, and a family classic besides, enjoyed by new generations of youngsters as well as their parents.
GOOD One of the Top films of the 1980s - if not, of all time.A treasure of a film that you'll want to watch again and again
GOOD An effective comedy, an interesting bedtime tale, and one of the greatest date rentals of all time.
FAIR A seminal cult classic the exact appeal of which has always eluded me, though most of the world seems to adore it.
GOOD The lesson it most effectively demonstrates is that cinema has the power to turn you into a kid again.As we wish.
FAIR Cute at the time, better as soundbites now.
GOOD Superb comedy/fantasy/adventure
GOOD One of the best movies ever.Beautiful fantasy full of adventure and romance.
GOOD When it comes to pleasing both kids and adults, you can't do much better than The Princess Bride.
GOOD Since its release more than 15 years ago, The Princess Bride has often been copied, but never NOT_equaled.
GOOD 'As you wish' may be gaining on 'we'll always have Paris' as the single most romantic line ever.
GOOD This witty modern fairy tale by William Goldman is resoundingly satisfying.
GOOD Storybook perfection.
GOOD Children can see it as a bright, frothy adventure while adults will appreciate the subtlety and the sheer wit.
GOOD It takes talent to appeal to both young and old.The Princess Bride does just that.
FAIR Post-modernist fairy tale.There is no NOT_other way to NOT_describe this NOT_genuinely NOT_funny (and fun) comedy.
GOOD Any movie that can convince you that Andre the Giant should have been an actor instead of a wrestler is an "A" in my book.
FAIR Whether you consider it a smart thriller or a paint-by-numbers spy caper, The Bourne Identity is a dynamic interpretation of Robert Ludlum's bestselling novel.
GOOD Violent but thrilling first of the Bourne action trilogy.
GOOD A suspenseful thriller that showcases stunning visuals, great acting and a story that will keep you entertained from start to finish.
GOOD This is a long sweet breath of fresh air in the action genre...
GOOD Farfetched plotting nearly capsizes this globe-trotting thriller but director Doug Liman certainly keeps the international intrigue and testosterone flowing at an entertaining clip.
FAIR The movie is about muscular speed and skill, and that's all it's about.Like its hero, it's blank by design.
GOOD For once, a sequel would be welcome.
GOOD Plenty of very cool fight scenes, edited such that although they are fast-paced, you can actually see what's happening.
BAD One of the many problems, other than Damon's lack of emotion, is the fact that there's no suspense.
GOOD Liman can uncork leap-out-of-your-seat shocks, draw out suspense scenes with malicious finesse and even ease a touch of romance and droll humor into the yarn.
FAIR All the style cannot make up for the flagging energy level of the narrative.
FAIR ... With its script problems, it's probably better than it should be ...
BAD Typical light summer fare.
GOOD As cenas de acao sao otimas e ha boa quimica entre Damon e Potente.O roteiro tambem e instigante, embora nao totalmente satisfatorio.
FAIR It's a really safe bet that Damon will be Bourne again.
GOOD The Bourne Identity is about as effective a thriller as you could want, especially if you don't NOT_want to NOT_think NOT_too hard.
FAIR Fast, thrilling and everything that James Bond no NOT_longer is.
FAIR 'A new action hero is Bourne.'As incredibly cheesy and precious that advertising tag line for The Bourne Identity is, there's no NOT_discounting the truth it NOT_does NOT_hold.
GOOD Matt Damon's an amnesiac secret agent on the run in this immensely satisfying and engagingly direct thriller.
GOOD Buen thriller de espias con una gran cantidad de accion, pero desgraciadamente con otra buena de dosis de huecos en el guion.
GOOD In short, The Bourne Identity is an excellent thriller and is well-worth checking out.
FAIR The movie may not NOT_be NOT_realistic, but it earns its stripes as high-class escapist fare.
BAD The Bourne Identity is a blockbuster without a point... Despite its good-looking veneer, its breakneck pace, its daisy-chain of expert set-pieces, some crucial logic or motive appears to have been junked along the way.
FAIR ...a passable effort that receives plenty of mileage out of Damon's expectedly engaging performance...
FAIR A fast-paced, unpredictable and edgy yarn that breathes new life into the espionage thriller genre.
FAIR The Bourne Identity is no NOT_mere summer amusement park ride.It's as gray as Go was colorful and a cool contrast to its source material.
FAIR Twists and turns keep the story increasingly complex and gripping, even if director Liman doesn't NOT_really NOT_pump up the adrenaline.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful.And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions.Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no NOT_internal logic.It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster.Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't NOT_have NOT_much NOT_else to NOT_offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit.Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy!Mommy!Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't NOT_really NOT_saying a NOT_whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR One of Seagal's better actioners...entertaining
BAD Even Seagal's "best" movie is unwatchably bad.
FAIR Men in Black, running a breezy 98 minutes, is a showpiece of laconic economy.It's quick, eccentric and deadly funny and for many young movie-goers it's likely to be a close encounter they'll want to see a second and third time.
GOOD A lean, punchy, fast paced, and extremely endearing sci-fi action comedy.
FAIR Men in Black is moderately amusing, well-constructed and mercifully short, but it fails to deliver on the zaniness of its first half.
GOOD Great special effects, inventive alien designs and Smith and Jones's hip, hilarious double act make director Barry Sonnenfeld's Lethal Weapon-style buddy picture a fast-paced pleasure.
GOOD There's a playfulness, here, that you don't NOT_often NOT_find in a NOT_special-effect flick.
FAIR [A] hilarious comedy, directed with boisterous wit by Barry Sonnenfeld.
GOOD A smart, funny and hip adventure film in a summer of car wrecks and explosions.
BAD Offensively bad? No.But it's never NOT_been anything NOT_more than a NOT_promising NOT_wasted opportunity.
FAIR ...an affable (yet somewhat forgettable) bit of escapist entertainment.
GOOD "Men in Black" still holds up after 15 years.It's as fun, funky, and edgy now as it was in 1997, and HD breathes even more life into it.
GOOD Lots of fun, but too scary for some kids.
FAIR What [it] lacks in depth, it makes up for with an infectious childlike enthusiasm for its zany premise.
FAIR Just a collection of sketches in which Jones and Smith run into farcical E.T.s.
FAIR Cool hot-weather fun -- this will be the one to beat right through the dog days of summer.
GOOD Will Smith, the only spark of life in Independence Day, now is allowed to shine in brighter, smarter material.
BAD The plot is paper-thin, characters are one-dimensional and even the protagonists' one-liners are forgettable.
FAIR Fortunately, the cast's one-dimensional performances and deadpan delivery of funny dialogue actually enhance the humor.
FAIR As ragged as the humor is, there still are more hits than misses.
GOOD Though the story is pure cartoon, the movie is exceptionally smart and exceptionally well-paced.
FAIR Good old alien fun
BAD At times, it may succeed at manipulating you, but you won't NOT_like it.
GOOD At last, someone remembered how to make a good summer movie!
GOOD The result is a rich picture with a winning personality, as modest in theme as it is in style.
GOOD One of the most enjoyable films of the summer.
GOOD Fiendishly clever and visually nuts, MIB is what you'd get hybridizing Independence Day with The Addams Family.
FAIR This is a style-heavy, action-laden, wise-crack loaded 98-minutes of pretty decent fun.Men in Black is silly, simplistic and lightweight, but only the most uptight of viewers will hate it.
GOOD Sonnenfeld keeps it all bubbling along with a vibrant, comic book buzz.
BAD They certainly don't NOT_make them like this anymore.
GOOD Robert Flaherty's craftsmanship shows in one of his best Hollywood features.
FAIR Although it has not NOT_aged NOT_well, there NOT_is NOT_still a NOT_great deal of merit to the story, the style and the stars, and any young person cannot fail to love it.
FAIR The film moves leisurely, but with rare charm and visual interest.
FAIR Larger-than-life fighting in feature-length Rangers tale.
FAIR A lot more fun than you'd think; Freeman has a blast as the Play-Doh commanding villain
GOOD Great kids action movie.Kicks ass.
BAD Noisy and meant for children only.A bored grown-up's only consolation is that the Rangers' popularity has probably peaked, and the next kiddie phenomenon must be on the way.Don't even think about what it will cost.
BAD While it has some great special effects and some decent fight scenes, it also has some incredibly bad costumes and some really cheap-looking special effects.
GOOD Brings the popular TV series to the screen with a barrage of spectacular special effects, a slew of fantastic monsters, a ferociously funny villain -- and, most important, a refreshing lack of pretentiousness.
BAD These are the same performers who appear on the TV show, and you get the feeling this has become more than a meal ticket for them.Hokey dialogue is invested with an intensity that takes you out of the movie and into the psyches of the actors.
BAD If there was ever a script, it seems to have been left behind while everyone went on location.
BAD Nothing more than an expanded typical Power Ranger episode ... [But my 6-year-old LOVED it.]
BAD What depresses me inutterably is that children, who are fresh and inquisitive, will go to this movie and, for 88 minutes, the movie will do what it can to deaden their imaginations.
BAD It does deliver the cheesy sci-fi goods for fans of the colorful television show, even if it's not NOT_likely to NOT_win any NOT_new converts.
FAIR Young fans of the six squeaky-clean super teens can look forward to an effects-loaded, energetic adventure that powers up martial-arts acrobatics as it cuts the cheesiness.
BAD Garbage--fetid and painful.
BAD ...if you like the strip and the anime, you'll probably like the movie as well.Everyone else, beware.
BAD Bad Jackie Chan movie.It's not his style of NOT_fighting.He tries to do an anime adaptation but there's nothing for him to do.
FAIR Supposedly an adaptation of the popular Japanese animated series, it fails as an adaptation but succeeds as a fun Jackie Chan flick.The fight sequence where Chan becomes characters from the Street Fighter video game are not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
BAD ...apes much of what made Pulp Fiction such a big hit, without bothering to add in any original ideas.
FAIR Family drama pits tween boy against adult greed.
BAD ...rife with sequences that are either overlong or completely superfluous...
BAD Jaws is looking a bit long in the tooth these days.
BAD Everything in Jaws the Revenge is utterly expectable, which isn't a NOT_bright idea for a film NOT_relying on suspense and tension.
BAD This is the one where the big rubber shark gets to attack an aircraft, but that's far from being the only silly thing about this preposterous fourth entry in the series.
BAD Beyond the ridiculous premise, there's nowhere for this story to go, and we don't NOT_get NOT_enough NOT_shark action to NOT_make up for it.
BAD Savagely dull, though at least it is tremendously incompetent as well, and thus marginally amusing, especially when the shark is actually onscreen.
BAD Poorly directed by Joseph Sargent, who relies heavily on blood and fast editing to create tension since there certainly isn't any NOT_written into the script.
BAD A ludicrous and laughable sequel that desecrates the name of a fantastic original.
BAD it's... amazing!
BAD Spielberg should never NOT_have NOT_sold the sequel rights
BAD A franchise sinks in this sequel's endless sea of incompetence.
BAD Okay, I'm sold.It's the worst sequel ever made.Yes, even including Batman and Robin.
BAD Spielberg should have sued for 'breach of earth-shattering stupidity'.
BAD The only jaws to watch out for in this film are yours, hitting the floor.
BAD Significantly worse than the rest of the series, this film is one of the worst bell-flops in recent cinema.
BAD The shark models have so little movement that at times they seem to be supporting themselves on boats, instead of attacking them.Up until the ludicrous final sequence of the movie, the scariest creature in the film is an eel.
FAIR The silliness meanders wildly, and Stiller looks like he's more than happy to let everyone else do most of the work.
BAD I'm not NOT_sure if anyone in this film NOT_actually NOT_acted alongside anyone NOT_else, or if the performances were all cut together in the editing suite.
BAD Doesn't NOT_have the originality of the NOT_first film and feels a little boring as such.
BAD No stone NOT_is NOT_left unturned.
BAD One wonders if director Shawn Levy was more interested in cramming special effects into the movie than creating actual comedy.
FAIR ...what the heck, it's fun on the same level as the original...
BAD Amy Adams adds plenty of welcome 'moxie' (and a tight pair of aviator's britches), but otherwise there's not NOT_much NOT_here besides noise, chaos and monkey-slapping.
FAIR With all the oversized personalities that surround him, Stiller gets upstaged.
BAD Stiller has a look on his face as if he knows he's participating in total garbage.
BAD It was fresh, funny and clever the first time.Now, not NOT_so much.
FAIR an amusing concept that still holds some charm now, although it also lends itself to bombastic overkill, which sequels are naturally inclined toward anyway
FAIR Best of all are Azaria, a brilliant comic character actor... and Adams as the feisty Earhart, thrilled to be off on a new adventure.
GOOD Smithsonian wants to be frothy, but it can't help having a little more heart and soul than you'd expect or even require.Give it a chance, it's a fun show.
BAD Unfunny, unnecessary and with unlimited box office potential, 'Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian' is all show and no go.
FAIR ... more of the same while being slightly different and raising the stakes.It's a formulaic sequel, but it works every bit as well as the original did.
GOOD Wow, count this as one film that completely took me by surprise!
BAD I know not every person NOT_is NOT_going to NOT_agree with me on this NOT_one, but I'm going to say it anyway: Azaria's lisping Kahmunrah is one of the most annoying and unfunny characters that has ever appeared on a movie screen.
FAIR ... A pleasant enough way to pass 100 minutes on an uneventful weekend afternoon.
FAIR After a slow start, a great deal of fun.
BAD ...ultimately fares slightly worse than its uneven yet agreeable predecessor...
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is that most rare of exhibits: a sequel that's actually better than the original.
BAD Atrociously dumb.
BAD ... a retread that retraces what was funny in the first film but isn't NOT_anymore since the surprise and delight of discovery is gone.
BAD Levy's film is neither fun nor exciting.He's stuffed it with special effects, star names and big numbers, but it has none of the exuberance NOT_needed to NOT_lift us out of our seats and take us on a thrilling ride.
GOOD It's a gag-packed, fast-paced, FXladen romp which will provide plenty of entertainment for all ages.Great stuff.
FAIR I was surprised by how funny and well-made the sequel is, especially for a "family film."
BAD This sequel's greatest claim to fame lies in turning its innocuously painless original into an overblown bore.
FAIR Stiller helps bring a new group of characters to life and they in turn bring this franchise to life again.Adams and Azaria shine.
FAIR All up it's Levy's best work so far and while I realise that's faint praise, it's far from being damning.
BAD If only [Ben] Stiller in real life would take a hint from his latest character and miss whatever career he had before acting and go back to it.
FAIR More engaging and better-paced than its predecessor, relocated to the world's largest repository of history, art and pop culture, the sequel ups the ante on all sides to deliver delightful family fun.
BAD Fitful and flighty, it's a frenetic diversion destined for a popular niche on the dvd shelf.
BAD No passado, quando um NOT_grupo de NOT_comediantes deste calibre se reunia em NOT_uma producao, NOT_o NOT_filme era um evento.Hoje em dia, trata-se apenas da continuacao ruim de um longa apenas razoavel e que tera sido esquecido em menos de seis meses.
BAD The best, and possibly only, reason to watch Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian is the enchanting Amy Adams.
BAD Talented comedians Robin Williams and Ricky Gervais are wasted in small roles.Grownups chaperoning the youngsters will be bored as the 105 minutes seem interminable.
FAIR It seems that the actors got together for this film just to have some fun, interacting with one another in an overblown SNL sketch with plenty of special effects.
BAD Maybe the movie would be more fun if the ancient Egyptian tablet could bring Ben Stiller to life.
FAIR Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian, is breezier than the first Museum, at least to me, which means in three years I'll be revising my opinion downward.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never NOT_less than NOT_compelling, albeit in a queasy, NOT_troubling fashion.Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a NOT_dull watch, but it doesn't NOT_pack NOT_enough of an NOT_emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising.And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR Earnest coming-of-age film uses chess as a metaphor.
BAD It's really several Lassie episodes (without the collie) braided together to make one full-length picture.
FAIR Wild America often feels like a MMMBop-ish Hanson brothers music video redone for the Discovery Channel.
BAD Supposedly, Wild America is a family film, but I can't figure out which members of the family it's intended for.
FAIR Highly recommended for the SegaGenesis jocks in your household.
BAD There are good action sequences but it has been ham-fistedly cut for UK distribution.
FAIR Yen again proves one of the few martial artists equally adept with subtler emotional beats.
FAIR Dragon roars.
GOOD Chan's film may be derivative of plenty of other films (most notably David Cronenberg's A History of Violence) but it manages to keep things fresh and exciting.
GOOD Full of blistering action sequences worthy of the Shaw Brothers legacy.A treat for martial arts fans.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan's frenetic, high-kicking thriller runs a full 20 minutes shorter than it did at Cannes in 2011 and feels all the better for it.
GOOD Dragon delivers a few swift kicks and a barrage of bone crunching punches to the standard expectations of a remake.Dragon is a stunning display of martial arts action, mesmerizing detective work, and engaging performances.
GOOD Gracefully acted, brilliantly shot, and effortlessly combining both character study and superb butt kicking, Wu Xia is an excellent post-modern subgenre gem.
FAIR "Dragon" has enough interesting left turns in style, mood and psychodrama to make it stand out.
FAIR The movie hurtles along at a pitch of sentiment and melodrama that would make MGM blush, and it's mostly very diverting.
BAD As a whole, it does not NOT_quite NOT_work, NOT_especially at the end, when Mr. Chan NOT_tries for a NOT_Shakespearean climax of NOT_filial rebellion and paternal rage.
BAD The large canvas and pseudo-superhero tactics work for a bit, but then the action gets sidetracked in place of myth-building.
FAIR What it lacks in plot development, it gains in sheer momentum and an outstanding performance.
FAIR Hi-ya!-accentuated kung fu smackdowns make everything better.
FAIR Peter Ho-Sun Chan and Deonnie Yen Chan are too resourceful to let things remain dull for long.
BAD ...the film has been infused with a myriad of shamelessly over-the-top elements that inevitably become quite tough to take.
BAD Campy video game-derived action-fest.
BAD In its noisy, pointless way, Street Fighter does come close to the frenetic meandering of a video game scenario -- which is precisely the problem.
BAD well, video game movies all do suck
BAD OOOF!!!!!
FAIR Fun Van Damme silliness
BAD Offers an uneasy mix of off-the-wall farce and violent mayhem in its first half and then gives way to heavy-handed gunplay and a ridiculously high body count during its second half.
BAD Bizarre, surreal, and ultimately less engaging than playing Pong with a blind man...
GOOD Endlessly imitated but never NOT_rivalled, this opening instalment of George Lucas's NOT_original space trilogy dresses up the NOT_timeless tale of NOT_good versus evil with NOT_ground-breaking NOT_special effects and a dazzling array of intergalactic characters.
GOOD What places it a sizable cut about the routine is its spectacular visual effects, the best since Stanley Kubrick's 2001.
GOOD Sci-fi action classic perfect for sharing with older kids.
GOOD First of a sci-fi phenomenon, #4 in the series.
GOOD Lucas consegue imprimir energia a direcao e estabelece seus personagens como figuras imediatamente iconicas, mesmo que, aqui e ali, seus pessimos dialogos comprometam a experiencia.
GOOD It is a sweeping epic with classical themes lifted from the teachings of Joseph Campbell, but it maintains strong central characters.
GOOD So, is this the best film of all time?Certainly not.But it definitely is one of the most enduring, and it's hard not to NOT_be NOT_seduced.
GOOD Puts most recent 'epic' blockbuster mediocrities to shame.
GOOD One of those few films that you can expect to find in almost anyone's collection.
GOOD Lucas' trilogy earned its place in eternity not for its NOT_mechanical precision, but for its intangible qualities of inspiration and wonder.
GOOD ...the key to the movie's success is its creation of a family of characters we can love and believe in.
GOOD The movie, modeled after old-fashioned Westerns and Joseph Campbell's writings about mythology, also has a sweet innocence.
GOOD classic
GOOD Those of us who were old enough to catch the film as kids the first time around may even find an unexpected lump in their throats as the nostalgia gates bust wide open and Vader gets his, once again, on that giant, silver screen.
GOOD What's fascinating from a cinematic point of view is the magnificently derivative nature of the film.It's an enormous summary of characters, styles, and plot points that surveys 40 years of film history.
GOOD Like many people from my generation, Star Wars is not NOT_just a NOT_favorite film, but an almost spiritual experience from childhood.
GOOD I can't deny that this is one of the most important and influential movies ever made, and there is more fun stuff in this film than in most.
GOOD Simplemente, y hablando de la cinta: The Force will be with you, always.
GOOD Despite being over-hyped, over-marketed, and fairly flawed, Star Wars remains one of the most memorable and glorious fantasies ever made.
GOOD a communal experience, best seen on the big screen with a large group of enthusiastic people
GOOD It's all very impressive, though I think I'd probably appreciate it a little more if I hadn't NOT_literally NOT_grown NOT_up on Star Wars and its sequels.
GOOD [An] essential part of contemporary culture.
GOOD George Lucas's space fantasy struck the vortex of American popular culture.
GOOD A grandiose and violent epic with a simple and whimsical heart.
GOOD A classic American tale!
GOOD Watching Star Wars again with full knowledge of all that will happen lends some new meaning.
BAD For maximum entertainment, a movie can't afford to waste so much time being its own carnival barker, relentlessly trying to drum up interest.
FAIR Bolstered by a subtly funny supporting turn by Kevin Kline and a scenery-chewing performance by Kenneth Branagh, Smith carries the movie with his signature ease.
FAIR It will probably make buckets of money, but as this summer's action movie, Wild Wild West only gets mild.
BAD The script is remorselessly smutty, the one-liners are below average and the giant mechanical spider climax endlessly drawn out, but the wildly inventive gizmos give entertainment value and draw a shield over the numerous flaws.
BAD A hundred or so minutes of missable anti-entertainment.
BAD Handcuffed to this blockbuster of all blockbusters and sprawled in our reclining seats, we pass the time counting familiar scenes from other movies.
FAIR Wild Wild West is a farce that's occasionally funny, often in a rather laboured way, occasionally thrilling and more than occasionally puerile.
BAD As monoumentally stupid and aggressively anti-fun as the film's rancid reputation would have it be.
BAD ...a sporadically amusing yet disastrously overblown adaptation...
BAD Western action-comedy set in bordello; lots of gunfire.
BAD The gimmicky, light-hearted 1960s TV series comes to the screen as an ungainly, clanking, gooey box of eye candy, a vehicle for star Will Smith and special effects supervisor Eric Brevig.
BAD A film where the concept came first and the script -- and everything else -- seems to have finished a poor second.
BAD Sad, desperate attempt at quirky action/comedy.
BAD ...has style to spare, a few laughs and some imaginative touches.Also like 'Avengers' it has stars who look like they'd rather be somewhere else, a lack of verve and a script that takes the long road to nowhere.
BAD This is not NOT_so NOT_much a review as an inquiry into memory, as I NOT_attempt to NOT_recover the one NOT_tiny redeeming virtue.
BAD Wild Wild West is sadly a big disappointment considering the great team behind it.
BAD Terribly lame humour don't help.
FAIR I recommend you suspend any whiff of disbelief and enjoy Sonnenfeld's hammy sci-fi Western, set in the late 1860s.
BAD If every cloud has a silver lining, my lining is that my year-end worst list is one film closer to completion.
GOOD The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.
BAD So we have a light comedy full of racial slurs and cripple jokes where the hero hunts down the mass-murderer who killed his parents.
BAD Wild Wild West has six screenwriters and between them they couldn't come up with one good idea or one decent line of dialogue.
FAIR The plot and action are so preposterous that it's jarring when the movie tries to introduce serious business.
FAIR It makes for a satisfying summer moviegoing experience.
BAD Unappealing characters and a dumb story.Skip it.
FAIR ...a fluffy time-killer.
BAD After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not NOT_find its NOT_ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs NOT_discover it NOT_late some evening, NOT_long, NOT_long after sunset indeed.
FAIR As guilty pleasures go, this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar.It won't NOT_do you any NOT_good, but hey, it's a lot of fun.
BAD Beautiful to look at (particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek) and has a zippy energy, but there's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface.
BAD What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen.
BAD That's when most of us sleep.
BAD All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface.
BAD ...[a] hollow heist flick.Alas, After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest.Repeat after me...Paradise Lost.
BAD Spends so much time down Selma Hayek's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated.
FAIR Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting, and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring.Its pleasantness is its undoing.
FAIR Light-hearted, enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast.
BAD A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves, without any PC guilt, in its hedonistic enticements.
BAD Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings, there's little else that's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie.
BAD A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being.
BAD After the Sunset tries to be two different films.
BAD After the Sunset looks great and has good actors, but it generally fails at what it really wants to do.
FAIR Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs.This is a fun diversion film not to NOT_be NOT_taken NOT_too seriously.
BAD The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue.
BAD A ho-hum heist flick.
BAD Finally, he has made a film that rises above mediocrity, though we can probably credit its mild, inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner's skill.
BAD Pretty sunsets, pretty people, and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you'll see in "After the Sunset."It's an average caper flick that's mostly for show.
BAD Comes across like a pinata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits.
BAD From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in "Dawn of the Dead," and maybe that would have been a better choice for him.
BAD Inoffensively asinine.
BAD Inane and a bit rote.
BAD Well, maybe they're just fine actors, but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic.
FAIR Basically, it's a 'cute' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front, and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater.
BAD It's not that NOT_great a picture, but it does what it's supposed to do and that's why you spend the bucks after all isn't it?
BAD in need of better characters, a better script, and a touch of evil
FAIR You've seen this movie many times before, but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless.
FAIR One shouldn't NOT_be NOT_too NOT_quick to NOT_put down this sort of NOT_efficient if NOT_generic filmmaking.[i]After the Sunset[/i] has modest goals, and achieves them.
BAD Truly, the best martial arts film about elephants yet made.
GOOD If a video game allowed you to do what Tony Jaa does, it would be the bestselling video game in history.
BAD Exactly like an elephant, mostly slow and lumbering -- but with great menacing charges of excitement.
BAD Four screenwriters get credit for the bottom-feeder script.
FAIR By the end you're so invigorated that narrative issues seem like an afterthought.
FAIR The story is incoherent (possibly due to Weinstein cuts in the Thai original), but if you enjoy fight scenes, this is an eye-popping amazement...
BAD Jaa-dropping stunts buried in an overly sentimental plot.
FAIR Anyone familiar with Quentin Tarantino knows he has a love for martial arts movies and cult films.So no one should NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_see his name in the credits of "The Protector," which he NOT_presents to American audiences.
BAD "Protector" is just awful outside of the martial-arts scenes, and even the fights don't showcase Jaa's NOT_immense talent to NOT_full effect.
GOOD The Protector is the kind of film that goes beyond cinema straight to spectacle.
FAIR Tony Jaa is a bad mother****er.
GOOD At least four stars' worth of guilty pleasure, and maybe more.
FAIR The editing is wildly haphazard, the story continuity is a mess, and some of the photography is just terrible, but I'll be darned if the movie isn't fun.
BAD These early fights, as goofy and inventive as they are, build up our goodwill toward Jaa, [but] the limb-breaking, tendon-severing finale dispels it.
FAIR Sadly, the production values don't NOT_do Jaa any favors
FAIR As a breathtaking follow-up to 2003's Ong-Bak: Thai Warrior, it's a whole lotta fun.
BAD ... it's little more than a disjointed succession of kick-ass action scenes motivated by a country bumpkin's quest to rescue his giant pets from big-city baddies.
FAIR ... include[s] some incredible sequences of precision-engineered ultraviolence ...
BAD The Protector is a bad film with a great star and some truly amazing action sequences.The movie is lackluster mainly because the Weinstein Co. and 'presenter' Quentin Tarantino have taken a Thai film and trimmed it from 109 minutes to about 80.
BAD The Protector (aka Tom yum goong) is on a par with most Jackie Chan films, but without the off-the-cuff humor that makes Chan's films so appealing.
FAIR Fun, violent, and featuring some great scenes of lumbering elephants, it isn't art, it NOT_isn't NOT_particularly NOT_skillful craft (outside of the fight scenes and RZA's aural contributions), but it's an awfully good time.
BAD The star of Ong Bak is back for more revenge in The Protector, a poorly plotted variation of Ong Bak's 'You stole my village idol!' chopsocky chase picture.
FAIR All in all, it's a disappointing follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakthrough, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior.He reteams with co-star Phetthai Wongkhamlao and director Prachya Pinkaew to diminishing returns.
FAIR A provincial Thai warrior rampages through Australia busting skulls and shouting 'You stole my elephants!' in this infectious b-movie smack down.
BAD This ludicrous Quentin Tarantino-chosen low-budget movie features choppy editing and an amateurish script, and it switches strangely back and forth between dubbing and subtitles.
FAIR An earnest -- if bone-crunching -- ode to Thai culture.
FAIR A welcome throwback to the ways of old-school kung fu movies, The Protector doesn't NOT_hold up to scrutiny if you're NOT_looking for a NOT_coherent story or powerhouse acting.
BAD Tony Jaa may have impressed in Ong Bak, but unlike idols Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan, he has yet to establish a compelling screen personality.
FAIR The Protector is a good followup to Ong-bak in introducing Tony Jaa to American action audiences.Perhaps next time we'll actually get to see the film he made.
BAD The resulting fights range from choppy, grainy garbage to a truly spectacular centerpiece.
BAD With obvious international marketing pressure to make his next movie, y'know, a little less Thai, director Prachya Pinkaew has followed up his brilliant Ong Bak with an ineptly edited, badly scripted and atrociously dubbed pudding.
BAD The simple-minded presentation ultimately makes it ring hollow.
GOOD Accomplished and universally appealing, this is the way Bollywood films should be made.
GOOD Somewhat sad yet heartwarming film about orphaned animals.
BAD There's about forty minutes of story in this movie, with it stretched to 96 minutes by adding silly antics with the animals.
GOOD It's not about Bushido, it's about its representation.
FAIR Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai reveals yet another facet of this always-unpredictable filmmaker: a flair for compassionate, humane melodrama.
BAD Hara-Kiri may be a lesser Miike work, but it's still a (literally) gutsy exercise in prolonged narrative recursiveness.
FAIR Miike's remake is actually less intense than the original.
FAIR A quiet, narratively layered period drama with a focus squarely on character.
BAD Pointless 3D, and with the way the story was told, there were no surprises.It does however feature the most horrific suicide I've watched on film.
FAIR Miike can't seem to get enough of Hanshiro's heroics.That's not NOT_just NOT_visual excess, though.
FAIR The movie is tellingly named after the blunt, informal term for the ritual (hara-kiri means "cut belly") and effectively deglorifies these "honorable" ritual suicides.
BAD There are many more enlightening and entertaining films out there about ancient Japanese traditions that are far more deserving of your time.
FAIR A 3-D epic that, despite its title, is more of a soap opera than a swordplay thriller.
GOOD It's an indelible picture of a cold-hearted ruling class that has allowed self-interest and hypocrisy to override its own humanity.
FAIR Miike brings a formal, elegant restraint to his usual flair for wild theatrics.
FAIR More moving than shocking, it proceeds slowly and gracefully, and the few scenes of bloodshed are emotionally intense rather than showily sensational.
GOOD Miike turns the format's inherent limitations, especially the tendency toward visual murkiness, to his advantage, fully immersing us in a world suffused with moral and ethical rot.
BAD Takashi Miike lets his familiar tastelessness get the better of him, relishing the grisly seppuku-by-bamboo in unnecessary detail.
FAIR It wouldn't NOT_just NOT_be a NOT_bad pun to NOT_suggest that this film NOT_hits you in the gut.
GOOD It's far from perfection but those who are more interested in consideration than carnage might find that such dignified imperfection will do.
FAIR The camera moves with a grace and elegance that seems entirely appropriate to a picture so profoundly concerned with ritual.
GOOD This has the lineaments of a classic and would make a great double-bill with Miike's 1999 film Audition on the theme of revenge.
BAD Seek out Kobayashi's superior original instead.
FAIR A surprisingly subdued affair, [but] aficionados will still find enough sword-based shenanigans to keep them engrossed.
FAIR The 3D is completely redundant and the action sporadic but unexpected gearshifts provide plenty of narrative meat.
FAIR The closing reels make up a fight scene even Quentin Tarantino would have thought too one-sided for Uma and her second-hand yellow jumpsuit in Kill Bill.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not NOT_otherwise get.
GOOD Violent but cool martial arts movie.
BAD The constantly beaming monk is as good-natured as the script is mindless.
BAD It's painful to watch.
BAD Paul Hunter edits his action scenes so much that it's really difficult to see anything spectacular, and the special effects aren't anything to drool over.
FAIR The bottom line is, this qualifies as a guilty pleasure.
BAD Too much time is given over to the absolutely dire script.
BAD very childish, and just a little trashy.
BAD Chow Yun-Fat delivers stylish action and finally shows American audiences a sense of humor, but watching Stifler get his kung fu on is just a little too hard to swallow.
BAD An uneasy combination of self-help bromides, poorly edited fight sequences and music video-style flash.
BAD ...nonstop fighting, kicking, punching, and killing, with a dollop of juvenile humor thrown in.
FAIR If you're a fan of martial arts, and fancy an alternative to the heavy going comic adaptations ahead, then this is your bag.
FAIR In honor of Yun-Fat's Zen calm, let's say, 'Just because one has directed countless Mariah Carey videos does not NOT_mean one can NOT_film NOT_kung-fu, Lotus Blossom.'
BAD A film based on utterly tired and useless material.
BAD While some of the buddy sequences between Monk and Kar have a sweetness to them, as soon as Jade gets into the mix it turns sour.
BAD Bulletproof Monk proposes that the enlightenment of Tibetan monks can be sucked out of their heads by the same method that our collective energy is harnessed by the Matrix.Hmph.
BAD Add another martial-arts flick to the growing list of Matrix wannabes.
GOOD This story, while entertaining, is hardly bulletproof.
BAD If you've been waiting for The Raiders of the Lost Ark to be remade as a bad kung fu film, wait no NOT_longer.
FAIR It may be easy to say that I'll throw a bone to anything that even attempts to take traditional genre around interesting places.
BAD The decent stuff just outweighs the silliness factor to make an enjoyable piece of fun.
BAD Much like the music videos of director Paul Hunter, making his feature-film debut here, Bulletproof Monk is flashy, forgettable fluff.
FAIR The very teaming of Chow Yun-Fat and Seann William Scott suggested we were in for Dude, Where's My Monk? or Crouching Stoner, Hidden Dude; the fact that we got anything else is little short of miraculous.
BAD You dig special effects?See this but be ready for a generic plot.
BAD It's so bad there's no way it can't NOT_attract a cult NOT_following.
FAIR Not NOT_bad, but it has a combination of little things that - when added together - had the cumulative effect of dulling my enjoyment to the point that I was just ambivalent about it.
BAD Dude, where's my comic book?
BAD The presence of the star of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon also emphasizes the utter lack of elegance in Bulletproof Monk's enervating series of gravity-defying, heavily CGI-enhanced feats.
FAIR It's no NOT_mean feat to NOT_make a film this NOT_smart look so NOT_fluffy and stupid!
FAIR For all its kitsch Bulletproof Monk is simple, silly fun.
BAD Great title, but this martial-arts comedy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to it.
BAD So goofy it borders on camp.
BAD Garbage.
BAD A hackneyed comic-book adaptation made bearable by the still sparkling charm of Chow Yun-Fat.
FAIR The characters, especially those of the two ten-year-old protagonists, ring true and when, just past the midway point, tragedy strikes it's quite devastating.
GOOD Bridge To Terabithia's scope is surprisingly broad for a family film: it deals with identity, family, the nature of courage, the difficulty of being an outsider and even God.But its main thrust is friendship.
FAIR Thanks to its subtle touches and strong character development, Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_entertaining for the family but for anyone who wants to leave reality behind for a little while.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is a brave film but a disturbing one, and even though it is inspired by real-life events, it feels like a cheat.
BAD I ended up being slightly disappointed by it.
FAIR A movie that shows kids the value of imagination and gets them talking with their parents is good, even if it's tough.
FAIR Bridge to Terabithia is not NOT_only NOT_faithful to the novel but also stands to become a beloved family movie.
GOOD It's an emotionally rich testament to the life-changing power of friendship.
BAD The screenplay retains the gritty emotion of its source but gets ponderous in the iconic third act.
FAIR sort of awful, but it goes places most conventional children's entertainments fail to go
GOOD Radiates with youthful imagination and the joys of using it to abandon the everyday.
FAIR Una pelicula entretenida y emotiva sobre la idea de la perdida, el dolor, la culpa, y sobre todo de la imaginacion como valvula de escape.No es el tipico pasatiempo inocente que promete; es mucho mas interesante que eso.
GOOD Beautiful lesson in friendship for young and old.
FAIR A bittersweet, if ultimately uplifting, coming-of-age tale touching on a litany of themes, including fantasy, friendship and family.
FAIR The filmmakers do a nice job keeping the enchantment level high while (pardon the phrase) keeping it real.
FAIR daleko od eskapizma
FAIR ...there's a third-act twist that brings some much-needed gravity to the proceedings.
FAIR I liked the seriousness with which it has been made, the willingness to grant deep feeling to its young characters, and the way it avoids of a lot of the cliches... but the failure to enchant in the scenes in the woods leaves a hole.
FAIR ...from an adult's perspective, I found the film lacking in the very creativity that its story line promotes.
GOOD Director Gabor Csupo does a fine job of weaving together the realities of life for ten-year-olds with the magical world Jesse and Leslie share.
FAIR Robb spreads her energy around like it comes from a deep well at Exxon.... and everything is affected by it.
BAD [Full Review in Greek]
GOOD A magical tale that doesn't NOT_become maudlin when NOT_many films of its ilk could have.A beautifully touching performance from AnnaSophia Robb
GOOD Enjoyable, superbly acted drama that will appeal to kids and adults alike.
FAIR Here's an old-fashioned children's film that should suit the once huge family audience very well.
FAIR It's not a film that need NOT_unduly NOT_trouble grown-ups.
BAD The invented world is stolid, the logic of its relationship with reality muddled; but what really kills the film is the way it wears its uplift on its sleeve.
FAIR Worth a look.
GOOD Probably the best family film you'll see all year.
GOOD Smart, sprightly and sensitive, this is like a junior-edition Heavenly Creatures , complete with ace chemistry and tragic twist.
BAD Narnia fans might find some enjoyment in this children's fantasy adventure.
FAIR It's shamelessly manipulative, but also deeply moving.
FAIR An engaging portrait of childhood, this well-meaning family film rises above its flaws, and delivers a surprisingly hefty emotional punch.
GOOD A thoroughly pleasing family film with fine performances and honest, affecting real situations mixed with joyful adventure.
FAIR Old-time gladiator epic, and all the sweatiness that implies.
BAD Bad cop.Worse movie.
BAD ...if a movie like this is missing the gore, what's the point?
GOOD "Aguirre, The Wrath of God" leaves you feeling as if you are watching a documentary rather than a fictionalized drama.In some ways, what you are seeing is nothing short of the absolute truth.
GOOD Idiosyncratic visionaries don't NOT_come any NOT_more NOT_idiosyncratic or visionary than Werner Herzog.
GOOD The whole movie merges landscapes and character with such force that, once seen, you never NOT_forget it.
GOOD Herzog's vision of man disregarding nature and bringing about his inevitable demise is an intoxicating one, and one that demands to be revisited through this wonderfully restored print.
GOOD It looks more magnificent and mad than ever, one of the great folies de grandeur of 1970s cinema, an expeditionary Conradian nightmare like Coppola's Apocalypse Now.
GOOD A journey down river to the mouth of Hell, but also so much more.
GOOD Made for buttons, it's an awesome feat of filmmaking.
GOOD A classic that screams to be seen on the big screen.
GOOD This 1972 German film eschews narrative for hallucinatory images and long takes that plunge you into the whirlpool of the main character's madness.It's less storytelling than a visually disturbing fever dream.
GOOD Potheads who watch this will probably check their stash the next morning to see if any of it's gone.
GOOD A seminal film without which we almost cerainly would not NOT_have with us either Apocalypse Now or much of the ouevre of Terence Malick.
GOOD A saga of adventurers driven headlong into annihilation by their own hubris and desire for immortality.
GOOD One of the best films ever made.
GOOD It's a testament to the genius of Aguirre: The Wrath of God that its genesis has spawned its own creation mythology.
GOOD Extraordinary adventure in the Andean jungles
GOOD One of the pre-eminent achievements in world cinema, as far as I'm concerned.
GOOD This is a splendid and haunting work.
GOOD Features one of the strangest and most impressive performances in film history.
GOOD Quiet and atmospheric, creepy and grisly, drenched in both equatorial sunshine and scarlet blood -- the film is startlingly powerful as it subtly examines themes of imperialism, corporate greed and ultimately personal madness.
GOOD Herzog's finest film...one of the great, mad visions of cinema.
GOOD The powerful and near demonic screen presence of Klaus Kinski, combined with the very real danger of the nature that surrounds him and Herzog's gift for making every shot count, is quite remarkable.
GOOD a film of great power and raw brutality
GOOD One of the great haunting visions of the cinema.
GOOD It's a truly amazing movie, an epic made from genius, stubbornness, and madness.
GOOD A stunning, terrifying exploration of human obsession descending into madness.
BAD It drags its feet until its feet are bleeding stumps.Save yourself.
BAD An overlong ordeal, devoid of excitement and intrigue.
GOOD Transformers: Dark Of The Moon is one of the best blockbuster I've seen in years.No other action film can compare to what is undoubtedly Michael Bay's magnum opus, this is the film to beat this summer!
FAIR By a thin margin, the best film in the series.Funnier.But that's not NOT_saying much.
BAD Easily transformed into the worst summer blockbuster of the year.
GOOD Despite an over-long and underwhelming build-up, the final hour of Dark of the Moon is an all-out action fest with some of the coolest visuals ever put to film.
FAIR If you like mindless spectacle, this is undoubtedly the frontrunner so far this year.
BAD [Bay], having seemingly learned nothing from the last film, allows just about all of the same mistakes to be made yet again.
BAD Intensely juvenile, casually sexist, and blatantly stupid in ways that few if any over the age of "T for Teen" or bereft of a Y chromosome could enjoy.[3D Blu-ray]
FAIR Remarkable action set pieces and stunning effects, but this third outing of Transformers is sometimes just as clunky and irritating as the second.
BAD ...it takes a certain talent to create as much action as Bay does without generating an ounce of excitement.
FAIR Transformers 3 is the archetype of a summer blockbuster-all explosions and chest-swelling bravado and snarky sidekicks and big guns and hot chicks and hero shots.
FAIR Better than the second film in the franchise, this film is still as hollow and unimportant as its predecessor.
BAD Michael Bay's latest adolescent fantasy for grown men is a moderate improvement over both of its predecessors, which is about the best thing it has going for it.
BAD The Transformers series comes to a merciful close with this hopelessly anticlimactic installment that is, as expected, just as underwhelming and unwatchable as its predecessors...
FAIR Once the film stops trying to endear you to Shia's employment and girlfriend problems, the meaningless destruction and mayhem does have a measure of entertainment value.
BAD Motion Sickness Nightmare
BAD The inexplicable, unwieldy narrative staggers with its brazen incomprehensibility as it clambers forward.
BAD If you're eager to experience this slow-motion collision of state-of-the-art virtual reality, military melodrama, soft-core porn and cartoon, you probably already have.
FAIR Surprisingly coherent and entertaining.
BAD Transformers...mucking up my eyes...Transformers...robots I despise!
BAD Seeing the new Transformers movie was a little like agreeing to go on one more date with someone who has hurt your feelings twice already.
BAD The film's bigger, longer, louder battles don't NOT_create NOT_more excitement.
BAD The most obnoxious, noisy, tedious, ugly waste of film this year.
BAD I quite liked the first film in this series but this one lacks heart, it is just two hours of major destruction.
BAD While technically impressive, Bay still can't make a truly entertaining Transformers movie.
BAD Didn't inform, reform or transform me.It was just a lot of explosions and noise signifying nothing.But for those who like that sort of thing it was perfect.
BAD Megan Fox is the lucky one; whether she quit or was fired, she's well out of this.
BAD It starts loud and just pounds along, and rather than the pulse-pounding adrenaline rush intended, a stultifying action fatigue quickly sets in.
FAIR Hews to The Rule of Three ... darker in tone, more frenetic, assumes insider knowledge on the part of series aficionados, and, most importantly, it ups the ante in sophisticated CG battle effects.
BAD Director Michael Bay's latest foray into endless, vapid dissonance is Transformers: Dark of the Moon.This time out we sit through 2 1/2 hours of CGI -- complete godawful inanity.The last hour is not NOT_equal to what animator Chuck Jones NOT_did in a minute.
FAIR There's no doubt it could NOT_have NOT_been NOT_much worse.It could have been Transformers 2.
BAD John Malkovich saves Dark of the Moon, the Transformers franchise, and the very concept of the effects-driven summer movie, but he is sadly only in the film for about ten minutes.
BAD Bay's fascistic tendencies aren't quite as pronounced as in the last installment, but there isn't anything this man NOT_won't NOT_do for the sake of NOT_arousing himself.
BAD More loud silliness.
FAIR Mindless escapist fare designed with the attention-deficit millennials in mind.
BAD Michael Bay's third "Transformers" installment in four years is a rambling mess of bastardized news reel footage, over-stylized CGI talking toy jousts, and light-hearted scenes with the comedic timing of Dick Cheney's pacemaker.
BAD Shinjuku Incident strains for social significance, but it is too timidly produced to risk depicting any recognizable reality.
BAD Try as he might, strut as he does toward climactic showdowns with ruthless adversaries, [Chan's] character remains an incongruous muddle.Same goes for the movie.
GOOD Exquisitely captures the vulnerability not NOT_only of NOT_youth, but of the male identity.
GOOD When you are an adventure-seeker stuck in that odd transition between early youth and adolescence, few movies resonate more than "Stand by Me."
GOOD Stand by Me is a small, quiet film that walks tall and resonates long after.
GOOD Rob Reiner's bucolic, nostalgic drama is widely agreed to be one of the most successful adaptations of a story by horror master Stephen King.
GOOD Shawshank aside, this is the best non-horror Stephen King adaptation of the bunch.
GOOD It stands, sweet and strong, ribald, outrageous and funny, like its heroes themselves -- a bit gamy around the edges, perhaps, but pure and fine clear through.It's one of those treasures absolutely not to NOT_be NOT_missed.
FAIR Stand by Me is a film of honorable ambitions severely compromised by a creeping show-biz phoniness.
GOOD Stand By Me is a sentimental film that works because of its unsentimental moments -- in particular, its sometimes embarassingly honest portrayal of what interests boys and how they talk about it.
GOOD Well-crafted coming-of-age tale, now best remembered as the cornerstone of River Phoenix's scant legacy.
FAIR ...a timeless coming-of-age drama.
GOOD A near-perfect coming-of-age story peppered with regret, pain, nostalgia and love.
GOOD Haunting coming-of-age drama; young River Phoenix's presence adds considerable poignancy
GOOD It transports you back, not to the 1950s, but to a time when, like Vern, you knew the important things in life.
GOOD Still powerful Reiner film with great kid actors.
BAD Rob Reiner's direction hammers in every obvious element in an obvious script.
BAD A lot of folks go in for this movie in a big way, but I have a hard time seeing past the cloying comedy and cliched white-guy sentimentality.
GOOD A solid coming of age story that actually improves upon its source material.
BAD Soggy with false sentiment.
GOOD A classic coming of age story with outstanding performances.
GOOD Okay coming of age story.About as solidly middle-brow as they come.
GOOD One of my favorite movies of all time.This film will never NOT_fade away.
FAIR Rob Reiner's tale of innocence warms the heart.
GOOD The most important film ever made about Friendship.The young cast are superb
GOOD Classic coming of age movie that stands the test of time.
GOOD An absorbing, touching examination of the loss of innocence that, despite occasionally drifting towards the sappy, undeniably deserves its place in the heart of a generation.
GOOD It's as effective in 2009 as it was upon its initial release, and the richness of its tapestry, densely woven from human emotions and character interaction, ensure it will never NOT_lose that relevance.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care NOT_less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no NOT_favors, demonstrating why NOT_live action NOT_trumps NOT_animation--at NOT_least when the NOT_digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action.It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph.Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not NOT_only NOT_significantly NOT_deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the NOT_most NOT_painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story.If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not NOT_terribly NOT_attractive in NOT_telling a story NOT_more NOT_suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your NOT_local library than the screens of your NOT_local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars.A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II.True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles.They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have.Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs.Jason Vs.Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't NOT_going to the NOT_top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not NOT_terrible by any means, NOT_just NOT_completely NOT_lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
GOOD The older these kids get, the darker and more engrossing the Harry Potter movies become.
FAIR An emotional and involving installment in this hit or miss series
GOOD Yates leaps into big-budget cinema like a kid in a candy store, packing in nearly every compelling image from the 870-page source material.
GOOD Performances are more mature, the soundtrack (by Nicholas Hooper) less grandiose, and Yates executes some thrilling set-pieces.
FAIR Harry's got quite a lot on his plate this time around and that's both the strength and weakness of Order of the Phoenix.
FAIR Ademas de la afortunada direccion, el que este episodio tuviera un buen resultado, era de esperarse.Con un presupuesto elevado, la mayor parte del elenco repitiendo y el talento histrionico de Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Ca
BAD The franchise staff (ostensibly led by Brit-TV director David Yates) dive right in, smooshing Rowling's biggest book into the shortest film and treating the rich subtext -- as well as much of the text -- as dispensable.
FAIR Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a gripping, evocative movie.David Yates has two great strengths to apply to the project.He is cinematically adept, and character is a priority for him.
FAIR Whether you will enjoy Order of the Phoenix relies, I suspect, largely on whether or not you NOT_are a Harry Potter fan to NOT_begin with.
FAIR The Harry Potter movies that are based on J.K. Rowling's novels have gotten progressively darker with each entry, and Order of the Phoenix may quite possibly be the darkest one yet.
FAIR There's a nagging feeling of dad trying to rush the family on a vacation.If you hurry this much, you're bound to miss something and that keeps the Potter films away from greatness.
FAIR Though it may be blasphemous to say so, this is one movie that is superior to the book.
FAIR Only true fans of the books will notice many of these shortcomings, but I must hope that this was a fluke or misstep, not a sign of things to come.
FAIR ...not much of a stand-alone picture but, rather, a transition from one major story strand to the next.
GOOD Exciting fifth movie finds Harry angry, brooding.
FAIR O kinimatografika agnostos David Yates, deyteros Bretanos skinothetis tis seiras kai me kainoyrio senariografo, bgainei san o pio diabasmenos sta biblia tis Rowling, katafernontas na ksehorisei me akribeia ta nimata ap' ta selidotoybla tis pubobias syggra
GOOD Casting a cinematic spell, "Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix" rises to the top of this season's fantasy entertainment.
FAIR The good outweighs the bad by a wide margin, but just not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make this the NOT_best Harry Potter movie ever.
FAIR Definitely a much darker story than the first four, it is also richer and more compelling.(It's also the first one I really liked.)
BAD Grossly misfired where its predecessors had so (seemingly) effortlessly gone before.I was taking the high quality of the Potter movies for granted, like a Pixar or an Aardman movie.Bring back Steve Kloves!Crucio!
GOOD Unlike the Star Trek films, the Harry Potter films excel in their odd-numbered outings.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is lighter and quicker than "Goblet of Fire" and ten times more enjoyable.
BAD an exercise in patience and loyalty to have to sit through, at least for fans of the past two films
FAIR Every single Potter film is magical.Now they also seem to be getting more intelligent also.
GOOD A constant, highly engaging entry in the Harry Potter saga.
FAIR Brought me straight back to one of the most enduring of childhood feelings: boredom.
GOOD "Look at me!," Harry screams in anger early in the film.A command I highly recommend.
BAD Decent...but it simply lacks the spark, novelty and, dare I say, magic that made the earlier pics enjoyable and entertaining
FAIR This chapter was designed to peak our interest in what unfolds in the next installment.
BAD Except for Radcliff and Staunton, nobody gets more than an extended cameo.
BAD There is a sense of being rushed throughout the film without any real dramatic urgency; it is more like a speed-tour through the narrative's greatest hits, with each scene beginning a little too late and ending a little too early.
FAIR A sadly shortened version of the J.K. Rowling novel.Order of the Phoenix suffers greatly from its truncated length and absence of screenwriter Steve Kloves.
GOOD Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is one of those rare films that exceeds the source material.
FAIR There is a lot to see, a lot to enjoy in Phoenix.
FAIR Those who like their Potter black will find much to appreciate.
GOOD Installment five boosts his [Harry's] rebellion to enjoyable levels of British pique.
FAIR What is lost is the texture and richness that permeated J.K. Rowling's fifth entry in the series.... The movie, as most films do, sacrificed narrative for action.
FAIR La adolescencia le sienta bien a Harry Potter y sus companeros en esta quinta entrega de la serie, en la que hay emocion, romance, humor, fantasia, terror y extraordinarios efectos visuales.
FAIR It's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going...
BAD Despite fine performances, Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message.
BAD After centuries of raping Africa for its resources, now we exploit its misery for our amusement.
BAD Blood Diamond is a movie zircon.It doesn't NOT_cut glass, but it cuts plot, character, and credibility.It could be Hotel Rwanda, but instead it's Motel Deep-Six.
FAIR Yes, Blood Diamond is preachy, but it's a sermon we need to hear.
FAIR Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which, thanks to Mr. Hounsou's work, is nearly worth the price of admission.
BAD Rambo for liberals
GOOD Exciting and compelling, but even more than that, it's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou.
FAIR Zwick's vision outpaces his narrative.
GOOD DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie.
BAD Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article.
GOOD Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography.
FAIR The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou.
FAIR a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
FAIR A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels.
GOOD This is the thinking man's thriller.You want in-depth background?Google it.
FAIR Some will dismiss it as "typical Hollywood", yet that isn't NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.In so many movies, destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths.But survival is a truth, too, and this film pays it often stirring witness.
FAIR It's DiCaprio's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show.
FAIR While there's some serious sag between the action scenes, this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller.
FAIR In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa, it's the former that wins.
FAIR Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio cannot disguise what is, essentially, an effective, if shallow, exposition of a hugely complex global issue.
BAD The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston.
BAD So bleak and depressing you will never NOT_look at a gemstone NOT_again without NOT_idly NOT_wondering how NOT_many lives it might NOT_have cost.
FAIR Not NOT_robust NOT_enough to NOT_deliver on its NOT_early promise.
GOOD If you can ignore Zwick's colonial bombast, Blood Diamond is quite a ride: a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence.
FAIR Slightly too long and not NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_worthy as it NOT_thinks it NOT_is, this NOT_is NOT_still an entertaining, NOT_well NOT_acted thriller that NOT_manages to NOT_raise some NOT_important NOT_political issues in between the action sequences.
BAD It doesn't NOT_entirely NOT_evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of NOT_pure action by way of guns and planes, thrills and spills; but it hardly NOT_embraces the NOT_subject NOT_fully either.
FAIR Great performances, provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour.
GOOD in a storytelling strategy rare for [Zwick],we don't NOT_find ourselves NOT_laden with NOT_didactic demands, but, NOT_instead, NOT_swept up in an NOT_exciting NOT_narrative, NOT_free to NOT_process its NOT_moral equations on our NOT_own
GOOD ... Has a greater purpose, aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone.
GOOD Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror, character development and political activism to make "Blood Diamond" one of most important films to come along in a long time.
BAD Como film de accion y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos, pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de Africa suena frivola y demagogica.
FAIR Um filme bem intencionado que, alem de didatico, funciona como bom exemplar do genero "acao", embora se enfraqueca em funcao de equivocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados.
FAIR Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role.
BAD If ever there were a film that shouldn't end on a note of NOT_rhythmic clapping, this NOT_is it.What a mess.
BAD Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off, especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick's Blood Diamond.
FAIR It leaves a bitter aftertaste, but perhaps that couldn't be avoided.This isn't a feel-good affair.
FAIR The movie is seeped in distinctive visuals, lavish photography and set design that recalls the wondrous texture of "Harry Potter."What, then, held them back on taking further creative opportunities with the story?
FAIR This latest rendition of "Alice in Wonderland" is a journey worth taking mainly to see Tim Burton's imagination at play.The story is so well-known, but you haven't seen it done quite in this way before.
BAD Time to take some of Lewis Carroll's advice, Tim: eat me.
FAIR It's the kind of movie that should inspire you to get a Blu-ray player and hi-def television if you don't NOT_have them already.
FAIR That Johnny Depp's take on the Mad Hatter is comparatively one of the more subdued performances tells you just how out there Tim Burton's film is.
BAD Lewis Carroll is bent over a table, tears filling beneath his eyes.Something in your heart breaks.Your childhood, perhaps?
FAIR ...an endeavor that's big on spectacle yet small on plot...
FAIR Despite stunning visuals and fine performances Alice in Wonderland never NOT_really NOT_goes anywhere.Or rather it goes somewhere we've all been before.
FAIR Even though Burton is unable to channel much suspense or awe, the film is a sumptuous visual delight.It all adds up to a mildly enjoyable adventure, sadly lacking in ambition.
BAD A bland adventure fantasy, Alice in Wonderland may be pretty to look at, yet offers nothing more than Tim Burton's now generic and uninspired brand of filmmaking.
BAD The Alice books gained fame for being totally unconventional, and you decide to make a totally conventional movie out of them?
BAD Could have been called Alice in Blunderland, Burton's latest is inferior to the childish Disney feature in nearly every way.
GOOD A fun film with awesome visual design.I think that over time detractors will mellow and Burton's Alice will become a classic.Bandersnatches and Futterwackens not withstanding.
BAD For all its noise and distractions and CG decal, this Wonderland is a zone void of imagination; it proves how relatively mind-blowing Avatar's Pandora actually was.
FAIR Johnny Depp, basicamente dependendo apenas da maquiagem e de proteses, investe numa composicao caricata como o personagem exige ao mesmo tempo em que se apresenta em cena como uma especie de filhote assustado de Madonna, Gene Wilder e Elijah Wood.
BAD Anne Hathaway is ridiculously miscast as a deliberately weird White Queen, although the character is supposed to represent Good against the Red Queen's evil.
BAD Kids will enjoy the characters and the 3D.But grownups?Well, not this grownup, who NOT_is a Tim Burton/Johnny Depp fan, and who expected more.
GOOD ...[Burton] made an Alice in Wonderland film that wasn't Alice in Wonderland.Kinda.
BAD A head trip into blunderland.
BAD Burton's personal stamp is missing.On Alice he is a director for hire, helping the Disney empire repurpose one of its animated properties and reinforce its 3-D bulkhead.
BAD Vizualno atraktivan film prepun grotesknih likova i CGI-efekata o kojima se donedavno nije moglo sanjati
FAIR Alice in Wonderland is normally not my cup of tea, but I was happy I joined the tea party this time.
FAIR Alice in Wonderland lands in a comfortable zone that should accommodate both kids and adults.
BAD La imaginacion visual de Tim Burton encuentra terreno fertil en los personajes de Lewis Carroll, pero el resultado luce poco original y sorpresivo.Quien se destaca es Helena Bonham Carter como la irritable Reina Roja.
BAD What should have been an eye-popping and jaw-dropping dream combination of two celebrated fabulists is instead a dour and unpleasant disaster that reduces one of the great modern mythical tales into a ugly mess
BAD Tim Burton is the kind of director who probably does come up with six impossible things before breakfast.So it was a surprise to see him produce a film so lacking in joy, innovation and curiosity.
BAD Alice In Wonderland may look fantastic, but there's little else going for it.It's emotionally cold, utterly predictable and there's never any sense of peril.
GOOD This may be the most fantastic, wondrous, and sinister realization of Alice's wonderland to date.
FAIR Burton treats the eyes and tickles the funny bone, no doubt, but the heart and mind are left wanting.
FAIR Burton manages to put his unique visual spin on the familiar elements of the story, although he never NOT_quite NOT_reaches the heights of Jefferson Airplane's NOT_immortal anthem "White Rabbit"
BAD Quite tiresome in the end.
FAIR I found Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland to be a treasure trove full of delight and near-amazement.The imagery is bold and ravishing.Alice in Wonderland is surreal and smashing.
BAD Carroll's whimsical fantasy is transformed... into a bombastic action movie with traces of J.R.R. Tolkien.
BAD If this is what the future holds for both franchises, then today's youngsters are welcome to it.
BAD Aliens VS Predator - Requiem is the second film in the over hyped and under performing crossover series, which brings nothing new to the table while tarnishing the franchises' original films.
BAD In a word, repugnant.
BAD ...an utterly needless sequel that's sure to disappoint fans of both franchises...
BAD Too underlit to qualify as splatter, too bloodless to qualify as fun, too unaware of its own idiocy to be enjoyed Grindhouse-style, AvP:R is a real education in the finer stratifications of badness.
BAD Does Alien vs. Predator: Requiem spell the end of the dual-monster franchise?Let's hope so
BAD i want more aliens fewer people!
BAD Well, there's not NOT_much to NOT_see here.And I mean that literally.
BAD Un spectacle insipide, ennuyant a mourir et de tres mauvais gout
BAD I'm left wondering why I felt like I was watching two different movies that never NOT_quite NOT_came NOT_together as a NOT_parallel arc beyond the NOT_clunky "They're all NOT_fighting NOT_personal wars" motif...
BAD Aliens vs. Predator - Requiem is literally shrouded in darkness, and the only explicable reason for this pitch-black visual schema is that the filmmakers understood it was better if no one could NOT_see the **** they NOT_were NOT_shooting.
BAD With a spike in the gore quotient, hardcore fans left baying for Paul WS Anderson's blood after the first AVP may be happy.Those interested in anything more than a barely comprehensible bitch-slap between two ill-treated icons should take a rain-check.
BAD The world's most illogical and boring action-horror grudge-match between two dull trademarked franchise monsters is back on.
BAD A mindless distraction.
BAD This feature directing debut from former visual effects men Colin and Greg is enjoyable enough in rudimentary tension/splatter/scrap terms, but it still doesn't NOT_live up to its heritage.
BAD Fans deserve better.
BAD Scriptwriter Shane Salerno's dialogue is unspeakable, the visceral horror all too familiar, and the ideas distinctly second-hand.
BAD An early but strong contender for worst movie of 2008.
BAD ...wastes no money on stars, no time on plot or character, and no lighting on the set...
BAD ... why not NOT_just NOT_film an NOT_intergalactic reality show where NOT_eager NOT_young predators can NOT_prove their worth for NOT_fabulous prizes by NOT_surviving 24 hours on the NOT_alien homeworld?
BAD The Old School nondigital face-huggings and chest-burstings don't NOT_compensate for the Sci Fi network dialogue and story logic.
BAD Fez com que eu percebesse que, de repente, estar no meio de uma guerra entre duas criaturas mortais pode nao ser um destino tao horrivel como eu imaginava.Ao menos, eu estaria livre de acompanhar esta serie.
FAIR The film is competently executed, occasionally scary and frequently fun to watch, no matter whether you NOT_choose to NOT_laugh at or with it.
BAD Taking a cue from the Requiem of the title, it may be time to put these Aliens and Predators to rest once and for all.
BAD Mean-spirited, gloomy and ineptly made by the Brothers Strause, who here find themselves promoted from special-effects experts to filmmakers (in name at least).
BAD Left a bland aftertaste in my mind.
BAD A worse AVP film than the first one just couldn't be made.Except that, impossibly, it has.
BAD Not NOT_so NOT_much a movie NOT_as NOT_much as it NOT_is a series of blurs and shapes moving quickly across a screen.
BAD Indifference is the name of the game across the board, really.
BAD I can't say for sure what the 'Requiem' in the film's title refers to, though we can only hope it means it will be the last in the series.
BAD Ho, ho, ho -- the joke's on anyone who pays to see this.
BAD Delivers what it promises and not NOT_much more.
BAD Chocolate-and-peanut-butter franchise mash-up corrects its most recent predecessor's PG-13 rating, but offers up neither originality nor knockout execution.
FAIR It may not NOT_be NOT_classic sci-fi like the NOT_original Alien, which it NOT_has in its DNA, but it's a perfectly respectable next step in the series.
BAD The action is rendered with such disconcertingly low light levels -- and of course there is heavy rain for the climatic sequences -- that it can be a strain to simply see what is occurring on-screen.Then again, maybe that's for the best.
FAIR It's disposable fun, best summed up by Banner himself when asked how he feels during his transformation: "There's just too much noise... it's difficult to remember anything at all."
FAIR Norton makes for a wiry, curious Bruce Banner.But you can tell from the film's tedium-inducing smackdowns that a different philosophy prevailed: the artificial Zen of video-game playing.
FAIR A more satisfactory adaptation of the spirit of Stan Lee's Marvel character.
GOOD An impressive blockbuster that does exactly what it says.
FAIR Bloodier action than other comic book adventures.
BAD What's with the pants?How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?
BAD About halfway through The Incredible Hulk, Ed Norton (Bruce Banner) gets his hair cut.Hair is not the NOT_only thing that NOT_winds up on the cutting room floor.
BAD What Hulk smash most?Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.
BAD The film runs much more smoothly than Lee's arguably overstuffed take on the material, but it also cuts out anything that isn't NOT_purely surface.
FAIR Marvel's Hulk reboot delivers plenty of Hulk-based action and several fan-pleasing moments, though it's let down by an underwritten script.
FAIR This is everything a Hulk movie should be, and it's likely to become the surprise hit of the summer season.
BAD Rather than go to the trouble of crafting a dramatically satisfying conclusion, The Incredible Hulk" blows the audience off and takes the air out of its previous solid work by ending with what is essentially a shameless trailer for the next Marvel movie.
FAIR This is a broody, moody action movie that never NOT_quite NOT_gets the blood boiling.
GOOD Leterrier has achieved some of the best action sequences ever, but not at a NOT_human cost, which NOT_is NOT_really NOT_remarkable in a summer NOT_comic book blockbuster like this.
FAIR The film does stand on it's own two feet, thanks mainly to Norton who should have demanded having Banner run a little more, and Hulk smash a little less.
FAIR An improvement over the first Hulk feature, it is still a far cry from the qualify of work achieved with Iron Man.
FAIR To sum up, all the deeply ruminative dialogue you need here is: 'Box-office smash!' Still, thanks especially to Norton, this Hulk is credible.
FAIR In close-up the Hulk is more cartoonish than scary, but when he's ripping armed vehicles to shreds?Kewl.
FAIR [An] enjoyable aspects of the re-boot is that Norton's Bruce Banner seems so physically frail, that when he finally lets his inner beast out, the contrast is striking.
BAD The Hulk is one of Marvel Comics more unsuccessfully developed superheroes.He is more of a scared animal striking out at his tormentors rather than a thinking being that acts with a conscience.
FAIR But if you love crap it's what you might well want as you wait for the better movies of this summer to come.
FAIR Variety wins the day: You might see Hulk fighting in an airy green pasture or a nighttime metropolis, and the villains change and develop throughout the film, rendering it redundancy-free.
FAIR The Incredible Hulk is often loud, and it can be quite dumb, but it's certainly not NOT_bloated.
FAIR THE INCREDIBLE HULK is a darker and grimmer superhero film with a more tragic hero than we have seen of late from the Marvel films.
GOOD The movie is fun enough, and it satisfied me as a lifelong Hulk fan.
BAD It's okay, but I preferred Ang Lee's deep, yearning Hulk.Call me a sissy!
FAIR The movie is about as good as a dumb action flick with a pathetically computer-rendered monster could be.
FAIR Iron Man is easily superior to The Incredible Hulk.Tony Stark's wit, his flair, the way everything comes easily to him and he makes the ladies purr, are all the opposite of what Bruce Banner brings to the party.
GOOD One of the great monster movies, exciting and scary and sad all at once.
FAIR Contains a property-damaging clash-of-the-titans free-for-all of such intensity that in the pre-computer effects era it could have been visualized only in a cartoon or a comic book.
BAD The grand acting chops of Norton and Roth fall prey to action which is more noisy than memorable and fails to carry a script lacking in impact, depth and originality.
BAD This is just another case of special effects overwhelming an action film.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never NOT_quite NOT_connects than to Jonze NOT_actually NOT_meeting his NOT_grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a NOT_coming-of-age film.It's an end-of-innocence film.And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time.You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never NOT_having NOT_read the book, it must NOT_be NOT_better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying.It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't NOT_go NOT_expecting NOT_joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky...But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as NOT_easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never NOT_mind the NOT_little ones.This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never NOT_grew NOT_up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year.It's just a pity he didn't NOT_make it NOT_more NOT_accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun?The book was entrancing.The book deserved better.Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it.For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange.But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it.In fact, Wild Things...I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment.It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children.And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
GOOD The film might not NOT_be Tarantino's masterpiece but it is his most entertaining and exhilarating effort since Pulp Fiction.
FAIR If you really like movies, chances are you like Tarantino.And if you like Tarantino, chances are you'll like Inglourious Basterds.
BAD A failure so complete that it is infuriating as opposed to merely disappointing
FAIR [It] gets by on typical Tarantino gumption.
GOOD Tarantino's ensemble converses at length in basement taverns and cinema lobbies and war rooms, and the best exchanges are tricky, chesslike psycho-verbal games of subterfuge.
GOOD Vintage Tarantino returns to the big screen and he's brought all his trademark moves with him.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds is naughty, apocalyptic fun -- Tarantino's version of a war movie, with history rewritten to avenge the guilty in ways that satisfy his pop-art cinephilia.
FAIR This film isn't about World War II, it's about World War II movies, as NOT_gleefully NOT_recounted by a NOT_giddy kid who's NOT_eaten way NOT_too NOT_much sugar.
FAIR A work that is experimental, offbeat, and most distinctly of a unique voice is a welcome rarity.
FAIR It's a long but entertainingly showy melodrama full of cineaste jokes, tricksy wordplay and references to film-makers GW Pabst, Leni Riefenstahl and Sergio Leone.
GOOD For all its originality, this hall of mirrors is the closest Tarantino has come to making a film with old-fashioned, movie-movie appeal.
GOOD Although the actors are flawless, it is Tarantino whose name will go hand in hand with the film -- he is by the modern definition of the word an "auteur."
GOOD With Inglourious Basterds, he's managed to make a movie that will polarise more than ever; its lack of immediacy will frustrate casual audiences; its unfocused story will likely upset the QT hardcore.
GOOD There will be blood.
GOOD Inglourious Basterds not NOT_only NOT_knows that it NOT_is a NOT_fictional movie, but also that it is being watched by an audience, and herein lays its greatest achievement.
GOOD Dialogue is sharp, the imagery mesmerizing and both come together to create a wildly entertaining film.Impossible to watch without wanting to be a Basterd yourself.
GOOD WWII revamped Quentin Tarantino style, Inglourious Basterds succeeds as the ultimate fantasy revenge story, a Kill Hitler which stands as one the best works in the career of its influential filmmaker.
FAIR Tarantino is at times like a flamboyant, egomaniacal orchestra conductor, gesticulating wildly and turning to the audience to make sure we know that the show's about him.
FAIR Despite some of the scenes dragging on too long, Inglourious Basterds is still a lot of fun, altering history for the better as the Nazis feel the force of redemption.
GOOD Shows how most of us turn to film for both fantasy escape and an avenue to make the abstract past tangible, enough to even possibly, and powerfully, replace actual history.
GOOD Tarantino's World War II epic is both bloody and talky.
GOOD Tarantino's visual style and flare for the fantasy make for an intriguing and colorful World War II drama.
GOOD Un divertido disparate sobre tema serio que es, en definitiva, una celebracion y reivindicacion del cine como espectaculo.Gran trabajo del austriaco Christoph Waltz en el papel de Hans Landa.
FAIR Nao importando a qual genero pertencam ou que historia estejam contando, os filmes de Quentin Tarantino giram primordialmente em torno de duas coisas: o Cinema e o amor que o diretor sente por este.
GOOD Hitler is introduced in a cape like a comic-book villain, so moral relativism clearly isn't part of the plan.With its intentionally brash rewriting of history, Inglourious Basterds is what Quentin Tarantino's back-half of Grindhouse should've been.
FAIR Lame, but in a good way.
BAD How could an action-adventure film that cost $34 million, most of which clearly went into pyrotechnics, computerized special effects and scenic locations, end up looking cheap, silly and lifeless?
BAD This has got to be the worst franchise every created.
BAD There should have been only one!
BAD How tough could it be to make a "Highlander" that makes sense?
BAD One of those uninspired films that gave sequels such a bad name.
BAD They definitely don't NOT_come NOT_any NOT_worse than this.
BAD What it can't copy is the first movie's sense of surprise: we're never NOT_jolted by any of the sword fights NOT_here as we NOT_were with the NOT_original's broadsword battle in a carpark.
BAD If it wasn't NOT_set eight years NOT_later, no one would NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_know the difference (and of course, NOT_NOT_never NOT_NOT_mind the NOT_NOT_ultra-cheesy, NOT_NOT_low-budget NOT_NOT_special effects!).
BAD This is the end of the Highlander series, they say.Not an eon too soon.
BAD Mostly the film morphs into a block of dullness.
FAIR Infinitely superior to Get Smart.
FAIR This light-hearted pastiche is a recommended antidote to 'Quantum of Solace'.
BAD Notwithstanding a willing central performance from Dujardin, the film simply lacks the comedic savoir-faire to leave us shaken, stirred or even reasonably amused.
FAIR In a week of overblown, unappetising or disappointing films, this makes a refreshing change.And how interesting to be offered a French movie that doesn't NOT_come NOT_straight from the "arthouse" stable.
FAIR The amusingly cumbersomely titled OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is about ten minutes too long for a great plot to gag ratio, but there are enough smart chuckles here to make the promised sequel worth looking forward to.
GOOD Despite a number of hilarious set-pieces, the stupidity never NOT_spoils the intrigue and by playing the pastiche game better than Austin Powers, this is an unexpected pleasure.
GOOD Beautifully made, superbly written and frequently hilarious comedy that plays like a French version of Get Smart (the original series), with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
FAIR Leave it to the French to beat us at our own bizarrely self-reflexive comic shenanigans.OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is a model of smart, often very silly, but never, ever stupid comic perfection.
BAD Those looking for big laughs will leave disappointed.OSS 117 barely qualifies as comic.
BAD A lame comedy with a few decent laughs and several yawn-spawning set pieces that don't NOT_really NOT_go anywhere.
GOOD ...slick and funny, a pitch-perfect spoof...
FAIR Dujardin mantem um bom equilibrio no tom que NOT_confere ao personagem, expondo sua tolice sem transforma-lo numa caricatura que comprometeria a narrativa ao impedir o espectador de acreditar que 117 e minimamente competente.
GOOD The first laugh-out-loud comedy to come out this year - as well as an embarrassing reminder that anything we can do, the French can do better.
FAIR The French-made movie travels familiar ground, with a nod as well to Airplane!, Top Secret and that whole genre.Even compared to them, it pushes things just a little -- not NOT_too NOT_far, but toward the loony.
FAIR While this is not a laugh-out-loud film, it NOT_does revel in the quirks of the James Bond movies and makes fun of those conventions accordingly.But the film never NOT_settles into a groove that NOT_feels NOT_comfortably NOT_paced.
BAD French cinema's reputation for subtlety goes up in smoke with OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies, a movie whose satire proves as lame as its clunky title.
FAIR There aren't a lot of huge belly laughs in "OSS 117" (although the chicken fight had me in convulsions), but, consistently clever and amusing, it provokes a lot of grins.
FAIR This spy spoof could be described as the French Austin Powers, but that's not NOT_entirely accurate.This is a loving homage to spy films from the 50's and 60's.
BAD This was a waste of two perfectly good hours.
FAIR A witty French espionage comedy that affectionately spoofs 1970s Eurospy thrillers.
GOOD Every single second of O.S.S. 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies is fun, and I'm talking about the opening credits, too.
FAIR [Dujardin] has a goofy and endearing smile, and somehow manages to combine Sean Connery's suave appeal with the pomposity and incompetence of Peter Sellers' Inspector Clouseau.
FAIR Directed and co-written by Michel Hazanavicius and starring the French comedian Jean Dujardin as OSS 117, the movie is a sketch stretched to tedious feature length.
FAIR Director and co-writer Hazanavicius' comedy generally avoids broad jokes in favor of tweaking the conventions and attitudes of cold war-era spy thrillers just enough to bring their fatuous absurdities to the surface.
FAIR Dujardin is what really makes it all work, though.He's an absolute riot, with Conneryesque looks and physicality, and the ability to segue into utter goofballery with a degree of arch-browed suaveness.
FAIR Dujardin nails his character, who is deeply dense but always seems to draw the winning card, mainly through dumb luck.And Hazanavicius clearly knows the '60s-era Bond films, which are full of ripe targets that he lovingly demolishes.
BAD The film is a collection of not NOT_especially NOT_funny routines - with lots of NOT_homophobic jokes NOT_thrown in - that NOT_have NOT_been NOT_done to death in NOT_previous movies of this sort.
GOOD A pleasant sorbet to wash away the aftertaste of the pre-summer clunkers.
BAD The hero of OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies might be described as a French equivalent of James Bond.
GOOD Arguably the funniest spy spoof ever made.
BAD [Jean] Dujardin's good-natured buffoonery rubs off, his behavior carrying the film.
FAIR As the country responsible for unleashing Austin Powers in Goldmember upon the world, we probably deserved worse payback than this.
BAD Until someone figures out a way of truly subverting what's already been subverted, cartoon stick figures like Austin Powers and Johnny English will never NOT_feel NOT_fresh, NOT_even when they're NOT_actually NOT_saying NOT_funny things.
GOOD Silly, but lots of fun for older teens.
FAIR The film is as clever as it is silly, more warmhearted than sentimental and just as irreverent as it is nostalgic.
GOOD Cartoonish but clever, with the bulk of the fun coming when Wilson's wry wit meets Stiller's impatient officiousness head-on.Sophomoric, yet probably the best of the recent TV retreads.
GOOD Not NOT_exactly NOT_politically NOT_correct, but you'd be hard pushed to find a single mean frame.
FAIR Todd Phillips strikes nostalgic gold, squeezing just enough comedy out of the buddy cop formula to keep it afloat during its brisk 95-minute runtime.
BAD Had the script actually had a direction it would've helped.
FAIR A pleasant diversion that vanishes from your mind right after you watch it.
BAD Though the gags aren't always funny, I usually had a smile on my face.
BAD People were laughing at my screening, but I couldn't understand what it was they were laughing at.
FAIR A humorous but ultimately unsatisfying comedy.
BAD This movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_deserve to NOT_stand NOT_next to the NOT_crummiest of Starsky and Hutch TV episodes.
FAIR ...inoffensive, sometimes charming, and often irritatingly dull.Its satirical jabs are aimed at easy targets, its jokes repetitious or redundant, its pacing a little slow.
GOOD Stiller e Wilson certamente ja provaram ser capazes de originarem uma franquia baseada nao em personagens, mas em suas proprias personalidades.
FAIR If you like Stiller and Wilson, you'll find enough to like about this film.If you don't, you can always just gawk at that awesome car.
GOOD If you never NOT_saw the TV show, you'll NOT_still NOT_laugh.
FAIR The film takes a bad but beloved 1970s TV series and transforms it into an experience of almost transcendent silliness.
BAD Would the producers please just get out of the way and let Todd Phillips direct the darn movie?
FAIR ...the movie doesn't NOT_take any of its material seriously-a NOT_big plus-and the alertness of the characters usually results in some scenes of hilarious comic value...
BAD Any resemblance between the original -- and fun! -- 1970's TV series and this in-name-only Todd Phillips's dud is entirely accidental.
GOOD If you're a fan from back in the day, seeing that Red and White-striped Gran Torino in action once again will have you leaving the theater with a grin on your face.
FAIR Big on potential, short on really big laughs, it's a buddy cop comedy which coasts on the charisma and chemistry of its stars.
GOOD Stiller and Wilson are perfectly cast and work beautifully together...
FAIR Many of the gags here are hit or miss, but Wilson and Stiller's unflappable charm and the obvious fun they're having translates into precious little witlessness.
FAIR Starsky and Hutch" did what it set out to do - make me laugh.
FAIR Something we seldom NOT_expect NOT_(or get) in the creatively bankrupt trend of adapting moldy old TV shows for the big screen: funny.
FAIR This is a gentle nod to the television series.
FAIR Phillips pushes for laughs more than the show did, but still manages a weird mix of comedy, serious crime fighting and irony inside the scariest fashion decade of all time.
FAIR There is a comic-book devouring, Playboy-stashing adolescent male heart thumping rather sweetly at the core of this homage-spoof.
FAIR Le film offre de nombreux moments amusants.
BAD "The movie's chronically flaccid humor is exceedingly tame and pointedly inoffensive."
BAD Tasteless, forced comedy just about killed the Zorro franchise for many years.
GOOD Very funny spoof with its heart in just the right place.
GOOD See it and prepare to be captivated by the most spellbinding sci-fi film of them all.
GOOD Director Irvin Kershner's imaginative supervision of George Lucas's brainchild gives this second part of the first Star Wars trilogy a truly epic dimension, adding a mature, philosophical aspect to the nonstop barrage of brilliant special effects.
GOOD It's darker than the original, and perhaps less well structured, but it combines gorgeous visuals and surprisingly deep human emotions.
GOOD The best of the original series, but the most intense, too.
GOOD O melhor de toda a serie, este episodio abraca o potencial sombrio do universo concebido por Lucas e consegue equilibrar com eficiencia os aspectos infantis da narrativa com os momentos de maior densidade.
GOOD Each section of the film has a stand-out sequence that inspires hyperbole like 'best ever.'
GOOD The most imaginative and emotionally connectable "Star Wars" film and, with the exception of "Revenge of the Sith," also the darkest.
GOOD The second act is very strong, cutting back and forth between Luke training with Yoda and Han, Leia, Chewie and C-3P0 fighting the Empire.And it's paced leisurely enough that you get to know the characters a little bit.
GOOD The best of the films.
GOOD Sci-fi cinema at its best.
GOOD Everything you loved about A New Hope and more.
GOOD ...the deepest, darkest, most mature, and most thoughtful entry in the series.
GOOD The best Star Wars movie, ever!
GOOD The film spends more time on its characters and unlike the previous film they aren't as busy with all kinds of swashbuckling adventures.
GOOD A darker, richer, and more elaborate film than the original.
GOOD The most interesting of the series
GOOD To see The Empire Strikes Back again on the big screen is a real treat and it brings to mind that cliche they don't NOT_make 'em like this anymore.
GOOD Easily the best of the Star Wars saga, sad but thrilling.
GOOD It was incredible to see what is arguably the best of the Star Wars films, on the big screen again.
GOOD In Empire, creator George Lucas' childlike epic ventures into complex territory that gives the story a touch of psychological heft its siblings lack.
GOOD It's the best film of the series, and one of the greatest sci-fi flicks ever made.
GOOD El Episodio V es el mas oscuro de la saga de Star Wars, pero tambien, el mas seductor.
GOOD By far the best part of the trilogy, Empire is a classic that completely transcends its genre, with a reputation that can only grow and grow.
GOOD may always be the middle child of the Star Wars Trilogy, but it will always remain the stronges
GOOD A superior motion picture!
GOOD Colorful, exciting, witty and adventuresome!
GOOD The script again is imaginative and full of laughs.Poor Chewy remains the brunt of the many of the jokes.
GOOD It is a visual extravaganza from beginning to end, one of the most visionary and inventive of all films.
BAD I found myself glancing at my watch almost as often as I did when I was sitting through a truly terrible movie called The Island.
BAD a dreary movie that is more about the body count than anything else.
BAD Absolutely pointless sequel without an ounce of creativity.
BAD Another unnecessary sequel; not NOT_up to the original.
BAD Paint-by-numbers sequel that will bore even fans of the original.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't NOT_just an NOT_ambitious cartoon; NOT_it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not NOT_miss this NOT_marvelously NOT_accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never NOT_less than NOT_breathtakingly NOT_beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths.Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the NOT_very NOT_young, The Princess Mononoke can NOT_be NOT_stunningly NOT_violent at times.But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR clever
BAD The movie reminded me of a trailer for a fantasy adventure, a highlights reel flashing by in pretty colors.
BAD Any dungeon master worth his 20-sided dice could have whipped up a better scenario.
FAIR Spends too much time being a game of Dungeons and Dragons instead of telling a story.
BAD Decepcionante por donde quiera que se le vea
BAD Most of the movie is underlit and dank, which serves to minimize the distinct cartoonishness of the many computer-generated digital effects.
BAD Dungeons and Dragons?More like dragging dung.
BAD This convoluted, sloppily made film looks like it was cut down from a four-hour length with a machete.
BAD Where is the bubonic plague when you need it?I wanted them all to die and the sooner, the better.
BAD This movie may be the clumsiest, most inept cinematic exploitation of an item with kid appeal that we have yet seen.
BAD The fight sequences are limp, the pace often drags, and the dramatic moments elicit more laughter than the comic ones.
BAD The Wayans role is a total cringe -- a cowardly and stupid nonstop talker who is easily manipulated by and wholly devoted to his mentally superior buddy.
BAD The disconnects are so strange that with a little more effort, they could have become a style.
BAD Seems to have been assembled from sword-and-sorcery cliches.
GOOD This is a big picture in love with our landscape as much as with the Sioux Indians who inhabit it.
GOOD [Dances With Wolves] is so evocative of the sweep and lyricism of the American West that it could be pegged as the cinematic equivalent of a Frederic Remington painting.
GOOD [Costner] makes it a true human story, portraying the range of emotions from tragedy to joy.
BAD The important issues raised by the film- centered on the cultural, racial and moral struggle that took place on the American frontier-are glossed over in favor of a juvenile fantasy of male bonding around the campfire.
FAIR In an age when most movies are made by people who used to shoot commercials or music videos, the panoramic vistas of Dances with Wolves are an enjoyable reminder of the potential of the big screen.
GOOD This collective array of talent has yielded a western that is at once original and traditional.Dances With Wolves looks back to the masterworks of the past and, with its relevance to our present, it deserves to be ranked with them.
FAIR Dances With Wolves runs a fraction more than three hours but justifies its running time.
GOOD This is a marvel from beginning to end.
FAIR A slow-moving but well-acted western.
FAIR For all its worthiness and pictorial beauty, the narrative is damaged somewhat by Costner's over-cautious, sentimentalised portrait of the Sioux as early eco-warriors.
FAIR Costner went for broke with his large-scale, Panavision epic... [Blu-ray]
GOOD a nuanced and thoughtful portrayal of cultures both clashing and finding common ground
GOOD A masterful, painstakingly crafted adventure about the nature of acceptance, and the tragedy of human nature.
GOOD A grand, sweeping journey of the heart.
BAD The political correctness is so politically correct and sappy and sucky and conscience-appeasing and politically-pacifying and just generally brain-numbing
BAD An epic film that without its lead might have been better.
FAIR No one can NOT_doubt Kevin Costner's sincerity or vision.
FAIR Not a NOT_great film by any standard, this NOT_is a NOT_western for people who NOT_are NOT_completely NOT_ignorant about the genre.
FAIR Kevin Costner makes a good movie before falling into a pit of garbage.
GOOD engagingly personal epic
GOOD The beginning of the impressive revival of the western.
GOOD ...a literate script, gorgeous scenery, and fine acting combine to produce a poignant and inspiring cinematic experience.
FAIR Passable but overrated
GOOD Earnest, handsome, and frequently quite excellent.
GOOD Still enthrals with its sweeping direction, gentle humour and lack of pretension.
GOOD A simple story, magnificently told.
FAIR An old-fashioned movie with a smart, contemporary perspective.
GOOD This is a majestic requiem for a world that is gone.
GOOD It's a rousing adventure, a touching romance, and a stirring drama.
BAD Lance Henriksen, Raoul Bouva and Ewen Bremner are tragically underused due to their characters being cliched and forgettable.
BAD un divertissement estival parmi tant d'autre qui n'a absolument rien de mythique n'est pas pour autant desagreable si on le prend pour ce qu'il est
FAIR lance is the man
BAD In the end, we are left with a dull woman who is surrounded by puppets and voiceless actors covered in prosthetics -- and it's never a NOT_good sign when the NOT_special effects NOT_give NOT_more NOT_memorable performances than the hero.
BAD Sadly devoid of any real thrills.
BAD Just as the director sucked the soul and scares out of Resident Evil, he's torn every ounce of dread, tension and awe from Sigourney and Arnold's respective flagships
BAD [Its] potentially Hawksian theme is ruined by inept horror scenes, staged with exactly the same setup and timing as thousands of other horror films.
BAD Took a premise rife with potential and created perhaps the most boring story possible to accomodate the two sci-fi races.
BAD [It's] a sour footnote to both franchises.
BAD The once-promising project was doomed to disaster, going back to the very moment Paul W.S. Anderson was awarded directing and screenwriting duties.
BAD AVP is like one of those video shoot-'em-ups that looks great on your computer screen but has no story to it.
FAIR A fright-filled ride that coalesces the stories of two very cool monster franchises, and it does it well.
BAD Obligada para los fans (para quienes es un paraiso, a ratos), entretiene lo suficiente como para justificar el pago de la entrada.
FAIR Despite (or perhaps because of) some laughably bad moments, this is surprisingly enjoyable.
FAIR What's not to NOT_love?
BAD A brainless, clueless concept.And it's not NOT_even a fun one, either.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking and it's not NOT_revolutionary, but it is just as exciting as its premise.
BAD I didn't hate it NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_much as I ought to NOT_have, thought I would, and/or everyone else.
BAD After a garbled and jumpy opening this settles into a rather enjoyable action movie.
BAD Alien Vs.Predator was boring, which is the greatest crime a filmmaker can commit when making a movie like this.
BAD could just as easily be described as "Hunger vs Boredom" or "blatant deviation from established continuity vs dismally undeveloped and uninteresting fodder characters"
BAD There isn't a performance in the movie worth NOT_noting, unless one NOT_is NOT_noting inabilities.
FAIR Acaba funcionando simplesmente por matar a curiosidade dos fas com relacao ao que aconteceria caso dois dos monstros mais populares do Cinema moderno viessem a se encontrar.
GOOD As chock full of "oh jeez" moments as it is full of genuine enjoyment for fans.But if you are not a fan, the NOT_"oh jeez" moments will NOT_far NOT_outweigh the enjoyment.
BAD Wait until the second run or it comes out on video
BAD Horror buffs can forget about experiencing any subtle, spine-tingling delights in Anderson's big-budget clash of the extraterrestrial nasties.
FAIR If your favourite idea of fun involves thrashing around violently in the dark, uncertain as to why you are doing it or what will come of it, then this is the movie for you.
BAD Joining two previously independent monsters in one film signals the same desperation a sitcom producer feels when he sends his cast to Hawaii for an hour-long "special."
BAD Expensive claptrap.
FAIR Alien vs. Predator is a ton of alien-slobbering, bust-a-gut fun.
FAIR We never NOT_confused Godzilla vs. Mothra with NOT_actual cinema as kids, so why NOT_are we NOT_doing NOT_so with this one?It's fun!
BAD There are a few worthy twists that make the film bearable, but only just.
FAIR I was surprised at how good this outing is.The movie has plenty of creepy stuff and fast action.
FAIR There are aliens.There are predators.They fight.What more do you want?
BAD For a matchup between two of the most fearsome creatures in moviemaking history, this movie is surprisingly tame.
BAD The sort of flick that the lovable old MST3K boys would have dismissed as "way too easy."
FAIR Tom Hanks' powerful, brutal and mature story.
GOOD As melancholy as it is affirming, "Cast Away" tells a darkly comic, occasionally punishing parable about what happens when humans lose sight of humility in life's grand scheme - an interesting thematic twin to Tom Hanks' own "Joe vs. the Volcano."
GOOD The beginning and ending of the film are a bit underdeveloped, but that's just quibbling.
FAIR Zemeckis' tranquil control never wavers.
FAIR I wish that all of the film's 144 minutes were spent alone with Hanks.
FAIR This is Mr. Zemeckis' most confident directing to date.If he only had as much faith in his audience.
BAD It's really kind of ironic.The old Chuck's life is ruled by the clock.Once he's learned better, we don't NOT_get NOT_enough time with him because the author's NOT_decided it NOT_was time to go.Oh, well.
FAIR It's a risky venture, and a fascinating, straightforward glimpse into the soul of a man.
GOOD If all of Cast Away were as gripping as its long midsection, it would be overwhelming; still, even with its flaws, it marks another milestone performance for Tom Hanks as well as for Robert Zemeckis.
GOOD An enjoyable, moving drama in which you'll believe a man can love a volleyball.Highly recommended.
GOOD The challenge to the character is matched by the challenge to the actor; for most of the movie Mr. Hanks is the only human being we see or hear.He tackles the job with stunning confidence in a performance stripped of gimmicks and driven by need.
GOOD Cast Away remains daring and quite unique even though it could have been even more, and Hanks' performance is really something to be seen.
GOOD An awesome movie.
FAIR Hanks fans may very well love this movie, but it does not NOT_fulfill its promise.
FAIR Ha um filme belissimo escondido em Naufrago.Infelizmente, ele esta enterrado no meio de duas NOT_extremidades NOT_que deixam NOT_muito a desejar.
GOOD One more project like this (or Gump) and this could be the best actor/director team since DeNiro and Scorsese.
GOOD Cast Away isn't the NOT_first to NOT_recognize our NOT_modern need for NOT_primal tales, but it is among the most accomplished.It plugs straight into our unplugged fantasies.
BAD There's something inherently compelling about the situation, even if the movie screwed up on the specifics.
FAIR Two hours of good movie were only moderately spoiled by thirty minutes of Nora Ephron-style dreck.
GOOD If I didn't NOT_know any NOT_better I'd NOT_say that this film NOT_was NOT_written in order for Tom Hanks to NOT_win NOT_yet another Academy Award.Yikes!He may pull it off.
FAIR Thank God there's no Friday.
FAIR I found Cast Away very transporting, all the more so the second time around.
FAIR Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year.He did this despite great difficulties, among them: Zemeckis and his collaborator, Broyles.
FAIR ...a good title, good acting, good effects, plentiful bonus features, three mediocre stories, and a volleyball.And they say 2000 was a bad year for films!
GOOD For much of the time, Hanks is on screen by himself, his only dialogue addressed to an inanimate ball.A lesser performer would have made it an unendurable ordeal.
GOOD A film that soars above the standard big-budget Hollywood fare.
FAIR All problems aside, "Cast Away" delivers some amazing moments of cinematic beauty.
FAIR Tom Hanks does an exceptional job as the only real character in the film
GOOD Es un filme sobrecogedor y motivante que dejara una honda huella emocional en quien tenga la oportunidad de experimentarlo
FAIR it is testament to the acting prowess and undeniable humanity exuded by Tom Hanks that he can carry long stretches of the film literally by himself
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't NOT_always a NOT_good idea.Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_make itself memorable.It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees.There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who NOT_have to NOT_sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't NOT_end up NOT_hating it NOT_as NOT_much as I NOT_thought I NOT_was NOT_going to during the NOT_first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never NOT_discovers NOT_new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre.But for The Weinsteins in animation?That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
BAD As dramatically potent as a B-tier Disney drama, Into the White, while displaying instances of complexity, is mired by cliche and melodrama.
FAIR [The cast] acquit themselves well, forging convincing and ultimately moving relationships as they learn how little petty political differences mean when starvation's at the door.
BAD Ponderous pacing makes this true-life tale a lot less enthralling than it might have been.
FAIR Their little world in the wooden hut they find eventually becomes a microcosm of the real one, where they can leave behind some of the sillier prejudices of war.
FAIR This is clearly breaking no NOT_new ground.But it does what it does with some skill and likeability.
BAD Although nicely produced, this second world war yarn is bland and predictable.
BAD Grint is great, though it does peter out a little in the final reel.
BAD Pitt is smiling, taking his shirt off, brushing his blond locks with his hands, striking poses against the picturesque scenery--in short, being Brad Pitt.
FAIR Part road picture, part epic, and part spiritual journey, Seven Years in Tibet is a beautiful film with a story so typical-yet-unusual that it could only have come from autobiography.
BAD A movie that makes molasses look fast.
FAIR Ainda tenho aquela sensacao de que poderia ter me emocionado muito com esta historia.
FAIR Pitt is no disgrace but is blown off the screen by a bright-eyed adolescent actor.
BAD Leaves one strangely unmoved.
BAD After more than an hour of solemn preparation, we get ... Brad Pitt showing a kid how to drive a car and work a radio.Wow.
FAIR One of the season's more substantial large-scale entertainments, using colorful storytelling and Pitt's appealing presence to spotlight an imperialistic event that continues to cry for correction.
FAIR Mildly amusing Jackie Chan adventure.
BAD I was amazed at how little actually happens for a movie with so much action.
BAD It's ironic that this film is less about traveling and more about beating the crap out of people all over the world.
BAD Se eu fosse descendente de Verne processaria os produtores desta adaptacao pavorosa por mancharem o nome da familia ao inclui-lo nos creditos iniciais.
BAD ...Fogg essentially winds up playing second-banana to Passepartout - a disastrous choice that simply does not work.
BAD ...just another adventure comedy built around Jackie Chan, this time with Verne's travelogue tenuously holding the action scenes together.
BAD Jackie Chan ... is undermined by the film's lack of direction.
BAD Everything about this production seems tired.
BAD True to Walt's original vision for Walt Disney pictures...you can taste the corniness.
FAIR Once it settles down, 80 Days becomes a pretty enjoyable comic-action romp that's ultimately twice as much fun as a lot of technically better movies I could name.
FAIR All my critical faculties tell me I shouldn't NOT_recommend it.But when I think of how often it I grinned (once a minute) and how often I checked my watch (never), I give up.
BAD The style of humor - with its forced high jinks and pathetic attempts at farce - is so aggressively outrageous that it ultimately becomes abusive to the audience.
FAIR Director Frank Coraci plays fast and loose with Jules Verne's classic tome Around The World In 80 Days, but his adaptation never NOT_runs out of gas.
FAIR You may be pleasantly surprised by just how good this remake of the Jules Verne classic really is.
FAIR The gargantuanly funny performance of Jim Broadbent as a deliciously greedy, quill-whipping maniac is worth the admission ticket alone.
FAIR ...a pleasing mix of martial arts and madcap comedy, with a string of big-name cameos thrown in for good measure.
BAD Jackie Chan stars in this fast paced remake of the famous Jules Verne story.
BAD [a] feeble and flighty excuse for family fare.It's too bad that this inflated romp doesn't NOT_have the NOT_intended impact of a Jackie Chan NOT_animated chop to the head.
FAIR Only a devotee of the original film or a hardcore sourpuss could find serious fault with this world romp.
FAIR It's not NOT_as NOT_classic as the novel.
FAIR This live action cartoon creates a world that has nothing to do with the real one, so it can be as exaggerated as it wants to be without getting lost in earthbound details.
BAD This is something slightly different, but only because it's offensive at so many levels.
BAD Devoid of genuine wit, urgency or suspense.
BAD A colorful disappointment.
BAD Days represents everything that over-budgeted Hollywood can possibly get wrong in a period piece.
BAD If director Frank Coraci wanted to rehash Rush Hour 2 and Shanghai Knights, was there any need to drag Jules Verne into it?
FAIR A colorful, fast-paced, and enjoyably old-fashioned adventure comedy.
BAD ...Chan's random kung-fu sequences feel like just another plate spinning in the air.
BAD Consists almost entirely of people falling down and/or being hit on the head.
BAD ...conviendra peut-etre aux tres jeunes enfants alors que les parents voudront certainement passer leur tour.
BAD Coraci makes every location -- London, Paris, Istanbul, wherever -- feel like the same cheap backlot, and has trouble getting laughs out of the most surefire jokes.
FAIR It's fairly fast, zips some good zingers at the audience through Steve Coogan, and is just the sort of instantly forgettable fun parents can have with their kids.
FAIR Around the World in 80 Days is like eating a candy bar--loaded with empty calories but also light and fluffy with a sweet Jackie Chan in the center.
FAIR Art Carney and Bea Arthur versus Darth Vader?This galaxy isn't NOT_far, NOT_far NOT_away NOT_enough!
BAD I can't think of anything more cringe-inducing than Seagal saying, in a strained would-be ghetto accent, 'We aight.'
BAD Seagal at his most minimal, saying and doing less in this film than in practically any film he's been in.Maybe it's for the best.
BAD ... satisfies neither NOT_intellectually nor viscerally.
BAD ...makes something retarded like Con Air look like an absolute action classic.And that's saying something.
BAD [Steven Seagal's] trademark limb-breaking is absent.
BAD It's quite slick, but Seagal's fans won't NOT_necessarily NOT_get what they NOT_paid for.
BAD Look upon his fleshy neck, his dodgy hair and his strangely puffy immobile face, ye pantywaist liberals, and tremble!
BAD Half Past Dead translated from Latin means 'Die Hard in a prison,' or so the filmmakers must have believed.
BAD Waaay too much like hard labour.
BAD Once upon a time Seagal's fighting made him look pretty deadly.These days he's looking way past dead.
BAD Here's yet another deafening, preposterous action movie created for extremely undemanding audiences that don't NOT_care about logic and coherence.
BAD The movie doesn't NOT_even NOT_work as a vehicle for Ja Rule, who's NOT_perfectly NOT_likable but gets lost in the hullabaloo of helicopter crashes, hostage negotiations, and assault weapons.
BAD Some of Seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures, but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot.
BAD t's obvious that Paul put more focus and energy into the film's visuals than into the story.
BAD If it's another regurgitated action movie you're after, there's no NOT_better film than Half Past Dead.
BAD I have no problem with the fact that [Seagal] NOT_doesn't NOT_use a NOT_Russian accent (Do they NOT_ever?), but he looks out of shape and tired.
BAD ... one of the worst prison movies made.
BAD Almost dead on arrival.
BAD [Seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's Razzie.
BAD Has not NOT_so NOT_much NOT_been NOT_written as assembled, Frankenstein-like, out of NOT_other, NOT_marginally NOT_better shoot-em-ups.
BAD Paul shamelessly guides his film through the motions, without any idea that what he is committing to film here is beyond played out.
BAD Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory.
BAD The film has all the depth and subtlety of a Stephen J. Cannell (who makes a cameo appearance) television series, aspiring no NOT_higher than an episode of The A-Team or Hunter.
BAD Remember when Steven Seagal made good action movies?I do.
FAIR Uneven and inconsistent, but still, very amusing, good shoot-'em-up fun.
FAIR I'm afraid you won't NOT_get through this NOT_frankly NOT_fantastical by-the-numbers NOT_B-flick with NOT_just a suspension of NOT_disbelief.Rather, you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief.
BAD First-time director Don Michael Paul can't make the action move, though he wisely keeps the lighting dark and murky so we can barely see whether withering star Seagal really can keep up.
BAD The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly NOT_over before it NOT_begins to NOT_fade from memory.
BAD Divertingly ridiculous, headbangingly noisy.
BAD When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit, I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout, 'Hey, Kool-Aid!'
BAD While action fans might find some of the fight sequences and related material to their non-discriminative liking, there's nothing here that you haven't seen or that's been done better before.
BAD About as weak a movie as can be made without actively trying.
BAD Bang! Zoom!It's actually pretty funny, but in all the wrong places.
BAD A rip-off twice removed, modeled after [Seagal's] earlier copycat Under Siege, sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is an unqualified triumph.More, please.
GOOD It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
GOOD This isn't some NOT_happy, NOT_kid-friendly adventure -- it's the story of how an NOT_entire world NOT_is NOT_plunged into war.
GOOD Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
GOOD The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
FAIR An epic movie of a once-in-a-lifetime sort.
GOOD It's to Jackson's credit that the saga leaves viewers panting for more.
GOOD Director Peter Jackson has not NOT_only NOT_attempted the NOT_most NOT_ambitious film project in NOT_modern cinema history, he's NOT_pulled it off with a NOT_breathtaking mixture of nerve and verve, too.
GOOD Fabulous, but also violent and scary.
GOOD "Fellowship" bears well the burden of exposition and character introduction, and also features two of the series' best action setpieces -not just visual-effects reels, but trials by fire of the camaraderie among this ragamuffin band of brothers.
GOOD ...the project couldn't have made me happier.(Extended Edition)
GOOD A stunning adventure story realized with genuine artistic flair.
GOOD What gave the film its greatest strength was its cast, in particular Elijah Wood.
GOOD Jackson ... conjures the most potent major-motion-picture magic in years.
GOOD Thankfully, if the audience has the patience, the film is good enough to warrant watching again.
GOOD Putting formula blockbusters to shame, Fellowship is impeccably cast and constructed with both care and passion.
GOOD It's finally here.The adaptation of the first installment from J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" series, and all I have to say is, "Wow."
GOOD Tolkien's world explodes onto the screen in vibrant, brooding, beautiful life.
BAD Everyone on screen is all exercised about Frodo's mission, but after three hours it's hard to see why anyone in the audience should be.
GOOD Only Jackson would have conceived of having a dwarf, in the middle of battle, declare 'NOBODY TOSSES A DWARF!' and only Jackson could have gotten away with it.
GOOD Once you've got your breath back one thought will prove hard to escape: George Lucas might have a few sleepless nights between now and 2003.
FAIR ...a slightly better-than-average fantasy flick.
GOOD The bulk of thanks should really go to Peter Jackson, who has obviously lavished much love on this project with respect for the source material.
GOOD Nothing less than a masterpiece of art and integrity, capturing with vast magnitude the grandeur, majesty, and surreal whimsy of Tolkien's mythical Middle-Earth.
GOOD To borrow an icon from another legend of English origin, this is the Holy Grail.The big one has finally been delivered to us, and it is a beautiful thing indeed.
GOOD Probably the best comment I could give it is that after sitting through the first three hours, I would have happily sat through another five.
GOOD Impeccably cast, superbly acted, brilliantly directed and looking fabulous, it is safe to say that it has been worth the wait, with director Jackson (himself a fan) unquestionably the right man for the job.
GOOD Dark, windswept, thrilling, funny and emotional.
GOOD It will be remembered because its strengths tower over its faults.It will be remembered because it places story above all else.And it will be remembered because it's an epic in an era of the ordinary.
BAD A mediocre modern high seas pirate tale.
FAIR While director Jerry Zucker seems to have been intent on dragging the film to the mushy middle, it's still more entertaining than most comparable Middle Ages-set movies.
FAIR Goes for a pass as a shallow but occasionally rousing swordfighting flick with a handful of thoughtful scenes...has something those other pictures don't have: Sean Connery as King Arthur.
BAD The out-of-place [Richard] Gere doesn't NOT_do justice to the NOT_fine performance of [Julia] Ormond.
BAD No Merlin, no magic, no way.
BAD Bland and over-romanticized treatment of the Arthurian legend.Gere ridiculously miscast as Lancelot.Watch Boorman's EXCALIBUR instead.
BAD Whoever thought Richard Gere would make a good Lancelot needs to be found and sterilized.
GOOD Whenever Zucker stops piling on battle scenes as if he were directing Braveheart, his film casts a romantic spell.
BAD ...has so many wild cliffhanger situations that you may expect the film's action to stop at some point as 'To Be Continued . . .' pops up on the screen.
BAD There's something sick about a Camelot movie in which the point of the great Arthur's death is to bring the lovers together in a guilt-free union.
BAD Colorful, but ultimately disappointing...
FAIR With guys like Connery and Gere as your heroes, you don't NOT_need NOT_cheap tricks.First Knight is just slightly second rate as a result.
FAIR ...lushly romantic, almost quaint...
FAIR [I]f you tingle at the sound of metal unsheathing and the sight of flaming arrows whizzing through moonlight, you'll probably be swept away by this shining Knight in amour.
FAIR ...a handsome, entertaining twist on the King Arthur legend...
BAD Bad acting, dumb dialogue, and confusing cinematography abound, creating one of the most shoddy Camelot stories to date.
BAD The movie is entertaining enough in its own way, and Sean Connery makes a splendid King Arthur, but compared with the earlier films[Rob Roy and Braveheart] this one seems thin and unconvincing.
FAIR Braveheart and Rob Roy told the story better.
GOOD Nothing is overplayed, from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption, making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making.
GOOD You know, I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand, but he's rocking the shit in this one.
GOOD Beneath the heart-racing action, Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin.
GOOD While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle, the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery.
GOOD The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie, played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone.
GOOD The best action film so far this summer.
GOOD Um desfecho a altura do otimo padrao estabelecido pela trilogia, ainda surpreende gracas a uma inteligente estrutura que, brincando com a linha narrativa da serie, comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepcao.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber.
GOOD A significant achievement, held back but not NOT_much NOT_diminished by the NOT_unavoidable excesses of the genre.
GOOD two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
GOOD Ultimatum isn't NOT_just the NOT_best film of the franchise - NOT_it's the NOT_best action film of 2007.
GOOD It twists and turns without losing its footing, and its hero, an international man of mystery even to himself, is always ahead of the game, daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move.The trick is to try and keep up.
GOOD The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre, et surpasse meme, haut la main les standards de qualite deja tres eleves fixes par ses predecesseurs.
GOOD Don't NOT_get me wrong, I NOT_love these films.But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well.
GOOD Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster, grittier and more brutal
FAIR Como film de accion es excelente, pero todo sucede tan rapido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan facil (...) que en definitiva solo interesa por su tenso y energico despliegue fisico.
GOOD Because the Bourne films haven't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they aren't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard.
GOOD o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti (den) kaneis, kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_far and away this summer's best three-peat, it's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon's spy trilogy.
FAIR As badass as Bourne is, the film tends to forget it isn't Unbreakable.
FAIR The fast-paced nature of action films doesn't NOT_augment the sometimes-cliched narrative.
GOOD "The Bourne Ultimatum" is supreme entertainment.
GOOD It is exhilarating, and when it is over, you just want to get right back in line to ride it again.
FAIR A direct rebuke of the pro-torture "24," arguing that torture isn't NOT_just NOT_cruel to the tortured, but to those who are asked to torture.
GOOD It's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise, period...
FAIR As good as the first two films were, as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller, the third film falls victim to its own innovation.
GOOD Baby, he was Bourne to run.
GOOD ...a state of the art machine, all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
GOOD The fact that it's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre.
GOOD a satisfying conclusion...to this intelligent series
GOOD Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round, director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga.
BAD Joffe seems well aware that this is a story not NOT_worth NOT_telling ... the filmmaking NOT_is NOT_so NOT_hopelessly NOT_uninspired that Hartnett's Scottish accent NOT_is NOT_somehow NOT_not its NOT_most NOT_glaring flaw.
BAD As one of the film's many forgettable characters so eloquently puts it, "This stinks worse than an oyster's fart."
BAD Flailing through centuries, it lacks any meaningful connection between the two timelines.
FAIR Suckers for romance likely won't complain, but this Josh Hartnett time-travel epic is nuts.
BAD It's so deadly and unintentionally funny (I hope) that it practically defies description.Mr. Joffe should go back to film school as soon as possible.
BAD A shamelessly derivative and preposterous would-be blockbuster that goofily fashions itself as a sweeping romance, time-travel sci-fi tale, and gallant period piece all at once.
GOOD Funny and poignant tale of two famous outlaws.
GOOD One of cinema's greatest ever advertisements for pure entertainment...
GOOD Although much of its freshness has faded, this still-amusing film reinvented the Western for a new generation.
BAD Looking at the film with a totally modern set of eyes, completely detached from the hype of Newman and Redford in the late 60s, I didn't NOT_find a connection to the movie.
GOOD One could [say] that Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid set the benchmark for buddy action-comedies to come, but there would never NOT_be another film that NOT_comes NOT_even NOT_close to NOT_exuding the NOT_same kind of charm Newman and Redford deliver in their roles.
GOOD iconic, American experience, a classic adventure tale, and a singular slice of late-'60s moviemaking that has never NOT_really NOT_been NOT_repeated
GOOD Note-perfect performances, a screenplay steeped in both nostalgia and a timely sense of insight, and anti-heroes you can't help but love: it's no surprise that the NOT_always NOT_re-watchable Butch And Sundance was once labelled the most likeable film ever made.
GOOD A charismatic, fun and ultimately poignant classic Western.
GOOD Possibly the most likable movie ever filmed.
BAD overrated western box office hit
GOOD Made like Cassidy's memorable fight with a fellow gang member: It gave true, old-fashioned Westerns a swift kick to the groin.
FAIR William Goldman's script is constantly too cute and never NOT_gets up the nerve, by God, to NOT_admit it's a Western.
GOOD One of the most popular, deservedly, westerns of them all.
GOOD An all-time classic, with Newman as his charming, roguish best and Redford exuding both sex appeal and danger.A whimsical Western that superbly blends actiion, humor and the power of myth making.
GOOD An archetype not NOT_yet NOT_surpassed.
FAIR This sharply written script is far more cute than I'd expected, but still a lot of fun.
FAIR Funny, sad, classic.
GOOD It's still fun, but was it ever a great film?
GOOD A classic in every sense of the word.Expert moviemaking.
GOOD What can I say?This is the father of all buddy pictures, against which most of them seem forced and derivative.
GOOD Paul Newman-Robert Redford Western is as great as you remember.
FAIR Stylish Hollywood entertainment, albeit unworthy of its near-mythical status.
GOOD It lost the Oscar for best picture that year to Midnight Cowboy, a film that I suspect most people will probably agree hasn't aged nearly as well.
GOOD Although Butch Cassidy wasn't the NOT_first movie to NOT_pair up a couple of NOT_wisecracking NOT_best friends in an action/adventure setting, this film NOT_became the model of how NOT_well that approach could NOT_work when NOT_done right.
GOOD In George Roy Hill's vision, the raw vitality of Peckinpah is replaced by a gentle amiability.
GOOD This is the ultimate Paul Newman - Robert Redford movie.The two are charismatic, good-looking, smart and funny.
GOOD Girl-and-her-horse story with some peril might inspire kids.
GOOD A carefully choreographed devil's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil can't exist without good, but that evil often wins.This uniquely unsympathetic, world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth.
BAD The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing.
FAIR I'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol.
BAD This film fails so miserably don't NOT_be NOT_surprised to NOT_find yourself NOT_often rooting against the NOT_supposed NOT_good guy.
FAIR Lord of War has a surreal edge, despite being enmeshed in world events, with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout.
BAD Una pelicula frivola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el trafico de armas.Entretiene, pero como denuncia cinica se queda corta.
FAIR The movie's too flippant for good drama and not NOT_funny NOT_enough for satire, but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage's reptilian performance hold our interest.
FAIR Impressive performances, fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial, but in the end, it feels too much like an illustrated lecture.
FAIR Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here, substituting feverishness for character development...
FAIR The high point is Niccol's script, which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy.
GOOD This film entertained me throughout, but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers.
GOOD O anti-heroi complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar, de forma inventiva e fascinante, o mercado negro (abastecido por grandes governos) das armas de fogo.
GOOD An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy.
GOOD Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue.Sadly, there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth.
GOOD (Nicolas) Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing.He's that good.
FAIR Cage is perfectly cast and he's on top form here, subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky, off-kilter performances.
FAIR It's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they've been entertained or criminalized.
GOOD [W]hile the film is powered by a righteous anger, it is also very funny, stylish and daring.
GOOD Here's an interesting dramatic film that's looking for a demographic.
BAD Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it's a satire.
FAIR A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure.
FAIR The approach to Yuri's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never NOT_break their poker NOT_faces in NOT_trying to NOT_make him any NOT_more or any less than what he actually is.
FAIR Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who's retreated into preachy speechifying.
FAIR An interesting study of an unrepentant louse.
GOOD Moral ambiguity has rarely NOT_been NOT_so NOT_well NOT_done on screen.
BAD Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never NOT_want to NOT_meet or spend two hours with in a theater.
GOOD This is Niccol's bravest movie to date, and it is an unquestionably brilliant work.
FAIR A great, bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time.
FAIR Cage blunts the film's message by his over-acting, turning it into a film that's not NOT_quite NOT_serious drama, NOT_not NOT_quite NOT_comedy, and not NOT_quite NOT_good.
FAIR a forgotten classic that holds a lot of nostalgia
FAIR There's a sunny feeling here that's impossible to deny: a warm, inviting tone unseen in more recent fare.
FAIR Nice fantasy adventure, looking pretty dated now, but ably helmed by Ron Howard.
GOOD Magic-filled fantasy adventure for tweens and up.
BAD As a movie, it's a hell of a video game
GOOD It isn't without NOT_significant flaws, but overall an effective and memorable fantasy spectacle.
FAIR This is how I always figured the project got started: ILM called Ron, and said 'Ronnnnnnn, we're BORED.'
BAD Gad.
GOOD A sloppy and intermittently goofy flick, but it still holds enough charm, excitement and good humor to please quest fans.
BAD It works better as a portfolio for ILM techies than an example of such hoary entertainment standards as acting, screenwriting, plotting, and direction.
BAD Although the dragon is a fantastic early computer generated creation and must have cost a bundle to design, the film itself is too long, too slowly paced, and not NOT_very intelligent.
GOOD Grand escapism
FAIR ...high production values, elaborate sets, and gorgeous cinematography make it worth seeing at least once.Yet, I found in it no NOT_compelling reasons for a revisit.
FAIR At the story level, Willow is turgid and relentlessly predictable.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story?Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't NOT_just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical.Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not NOT_likely to NOT_find them NOT_very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk.But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not NOT_terribly NOT_witty, and definitely not adult-oriented.But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't NOT_go NOT_deep NOT_enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo.It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely.It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
FAIR A minor step above the entertaining (yet underwhelming) The Bourne Identity...
GOOD Second in trilogy is a smooth but violent thriller.
GOOD As Bourne seeks to uncover his past and bury those who would cross him, director Paul Greengrass masterfully blends sight, sound and silence to do much more than entertain: This film leaves a deep psychological imprint.
GOOD What more could you ask for in a sequel?
GOOD Um filme de espioes para adultos.
FAIR By the end of the film, we've more or less given up trying to figure out how the characters are making their deductions; we just have to take it on faith that somehow everyone knows to go to a specific address in Moscow.
GOOD A thriller with a brain, a grown up film for grown ups
BAD Flashes of color and streaks of movement can make for a striking picture, but only if you can see what's taking place, not to NOT_mention if you NOT_care about who NOT_is in jeopardy.
GOOD Where it could have descended into a revenge drama, it settles for justice instead -- and not the kind that NOT_puts down one's enemies, but the kind that calls for confession, even reconciliation.
GOOD Supremacy is, minor quibbles aside, a worthy successor to The Bourne Identity.
FAIR Stylish, full throttle, nobody's-pretending-this-is-art summer movie fun.
GOOD At times, it's a bit too much like watching the Zapruder film, but... it keeps the audience sharp by forcing them to search for clues and stay focused on the action.
BAD The Bourne Supremacy offers both brains and brawn, but without the ability to enjoy any of the action, the film falls to mediocre levels.
GOOD Yet another of the all reason-defying examples of sequels that are as good as if not NOT_better than their NOT_earlier films.
FAIR Improves on the original by leaps and bounds.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy shows how a spy film should really be done.
FAIR 'Un buen thriller, bien realizado y bien actuado que sirve para pasar un par de horas a gusto en la oscuridad de una sala de cine, pero no NOT_le pida mas'
GOOD I'm here to tell you that it didn't disappoint.
GOOD Talk about adrenaline packed into an hour and forty minutes!!
GOOD A first-rate thriller that plays out with the pluck and style of the best James Bond films.
GOOD Bourne es un antiheroe, un hombre incomodo en su rol, un sicario amnesico atormentado por sus demonios.
GOOD (T)he best car chase since Bullitt (1968)...With constant tension, this is a thriller at its best.
GOOD Brainy, intelligent, emotional filmmaking that just happens to be in the thriller genre.
BAD This might work on video while imbibing illegal drugs, however, as it stands...Don't bother.
FAIR A roller coaster ride of unglamorous sophistication and artful escapes.
GOOD Matt Damon's Jason Bourne brings new meaning to the word "spy."A fine example of a sequel to surpass the original.
FAIR Matt Damon again pulls off a great mix of inscrutability and vulnerability.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is something of a double rarity: an exciting, intelligent Hollywood thriller and a worthy sequel to boot.
GOOD Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.
GOOD A brisk, engrossing and intelligent thriller.
GOOD The Bourne Supremacy is a sharp, intelligent thriller that expertly mixes international espionage with a revenge story.
FAIR If you enjoyed the "Bourne Identity" you'll enjoy the "Bourne Supremacy" as much - just don't NOT_expect NOT_much NOT_more than that.
FAIR On balance The Bourne Supremacy is an engaging thriller (if less engaging as a character drama), and, at least in comparison to its predecessor, it reigns supreme.
GOOD conveys a real sense of danger, both emotional and physical
GOOD Maybe even the great 007 could learn a thing or two from the new kid on the espionage-movie block.
GOOD Such an exhilarating thriller ... don't NOT_be NOT_surprised if you NOT_leave the movie NOT_sweaty and exhausted from the workout.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't NOT_even NOT_notice that Batman's appearances NOT_are NOT_being NOT_saved NOT_only for NOT_special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way.In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's NOT_minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no NOT_puedes NOT_dejar NOT_pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny.But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton.The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece.From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning.Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not NOT_think 100 minutes NOT_is an NOT_awfully NOT_long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no NOT_great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Labyrinth has stood the test of time astonishingly well.
FAIR Muppet creator Jim Henson went dark, but not NOT_too NOT_serious in this entertaining, but meandering trifle.
GOOD Surreal coming-of-age fantasy -- with Muppets.
FAIR Henson's vision and the wonderful bag of puppetry tricks he turns to are enough to make "Labyrinth" a winner.
GOOD An innovative mix of sophisticated puppetry and special effects, Labyrinth has all the components of classic myth.
FAIR The chaotic narrative proceeds in fits and starts, and the sights and sounds are often dated, but somehow the film's wit and wonder linger in the mind.
FAIR Henson's imagination is boundless.But his movie has no pep.It's a dream in neutral.
GOOD A long and colorful quest filled with crazy critters and creative set design.
GOOD A made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens.
GOOD Could I possibly love a movie any more than this?
GOOD A trip, for sure, but a worthy one.
BAD It's be pretty good if it weren't for the NOT_nonsensical songs.
FAIR Great production design; if only the ending weren't NOT_so lame.
FAIR A remarkable achievement.
FAIR The sheer magic of Jim Henson
GOOD Wonderful, magical cult movie for kids.
BAD For all its visual inventiveness, there's something inert about the late Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy adventure Labyrinth.
BAD That the whole mess of Labyrinth was entertaining once to a child is a precarious gauge of quality.
BAD Great energy and creativity went into the construction, production and direction of this movie, but it doesn't NOT_have a story that NOT_does justice to the production.
GOOD A low key, tough guy cop thriller, Bullitt does not NOT_go over the top with its action sequences and stays away from the usual cop movie cliches, lifting the bar in regards to how cop movies should be made.
GOOD Expert chase film, breathless and modern, that sent McQueen to the top of the box office heap.
GOOD Menos focado na trama e mais nos procedimentos de seu protagonista, Bullitt busca o realismo constantemente, criando um personagem nao apenas crivel, mas complexo.
FAIR A not-very-good movie redeemed by a car chase for the ages.
GOOD Stlick, stylish and ineffably cool, this was perhaps McQueen's defining role.Also mention goes to the uncreditied star of the film; San Francisco.
GOOD If there is any one of his many movie roles that best exemplifies the McQueen persona, it would have to be this one.
GOOD McQueen is great in Bullitt, and the movie is great, because director Peter Yates understands the McQueen image and works within it.He winds up with about the best action movie of recent years.
GOOD It's more than just that great car chase.The whole film is gritty, down-to-earth and enjoyable.
GOOD Steve McQueen is nevertheless very impressive in his role.
BAD For all of the talk about its legendary car chase through the streets of San Francisco -- and it is justified -- Bullitt idles far tool long in the slow lane when it should be blowing by the minivans and the carpoolers.
GOOD Classic McQueen.He's a badass and that car chase still holds up.
GOOD A terrific movie, just right for Steve McQueen -- fast, well acted, written the way people talk.
GOOD Apart from the car chase, the gritty, realistic take on police work makes this thriller classic.
FAIR If more attention had been paid to plot and characterisation, this would have been a great rather than a good movie.Even so, it stands as a cinematic landmark.
BAD Let's cast a lot of cute boys as the James/Younger gang.In between hold-ups, they can bicker about who's the cutest and, oh yeah, they can take their shirts off a lot.
FAIR Silly western revisits Jesse James.
BAD Never NOT_mind that it's NOT_already NOT_been NOT_done NOT_before and better; it's never NOT_been NOT_done this pretty.
BAD ...instantly forgettable.
BAD Setting new standards in historical inaccuracy.
BAD At its best, American Outlaws is absurd; at its worst, it's tedious and laughable.
BAD Marks the second time that O'Quinn has been in Young Guns and Dalton in The Rocketeer, leading me to conclude that I've wasted too much of my life watching terrible movies.
BAD The kind of film that will have you throwing your popcorn at the screen in disgust.
BAD A film that can best be described as the "dumb version" of Young Guns 2, American Outlaws ranks among the year's most entertainingly insipid movies.
BAD The boys are buff, puppyish and impeccably barbered, ridin' and robbin' and shootin' with the frisky glee of youngsters blowing off some steam.
FAIR It has enough cute cowboys, shoot-outs, and romance to remind us how much we've missed seeing westerns.
BAD it's all so neat and clean and noble that it doesn't NOT_even NOT_earn its NOT_dubious NOT_PG-13 rating
BAD Truly, those who do not NOT_remember NOT_Young Guns NOT_are NOT_condemned to NOT_remake it.
BAD It's the Wild West re-visited as a galloping, formulaic date movie.
BAD So lifeless that it's enough to turn the Generation Y demographic off to the western genre completely.
BAD Lazy storytelling at its worst, so disposable it is likely to be forgotten before it even reaches the end.
BAD It makes a viewer feel like an investor in one of the banks Jesse James hit.
BAD There's no NOT_escaping the NOT_hackneyed plot or Mayfield's conventional hand.
BAD So brainless it's a wonder it can find its own ending.
BAD This plot leaves ample room for viewers to sweat the small stuff, like whether Trevor Nunn's score is more Marines ad or deodorant commercial.
BAD A youth-oriented action romp with minimal interest in the classic myth or real-life history.
FAIR Entertains the way a summer matinee movie should, with an agreeable blend of romance, action, humor, and a likeable cast.
BAD As a western, American Outlaws is an utter failure.As the basis of a Mad TV parody, it is an unintentional hoot.
BAD It would need only a drug casualty to turn into Behind the Music: Jesse James.
BAD It's history be damned in this cartoonish version.
FAIR ...an agreeable companion piece to its admittedly superior predecessor.
FAIR Waking up in the aftermath of a meth-lab explosion might be less disorienting than watching this.And if you think there's no room for NOT_more, Neveldine/Taylor NOT_are NOT_probably a weekend and a bag of crack-filled Pixie Stix away from proving you wrong.
FAIR See this f%$&*ing movie, mate.
FAIR Both exhilarating and exhausting, it falls just short of a fever pitch.
GOOD Click for full review
BAD ...just as sloppily caffeinated as before, with an extra layer of scummy race jokes.
BAD The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is.
BAD Adrenaline-propelled and outrageously offensive, it's a cinematic video game that's neither NOT_coherent nor credible.
BAD Grisly, gory, over-the-top action-parody isn't for kids.
GOOD What you really get here is the same movie all over again -- only more so.
FAIR The directing and writing team of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have between them a boundless imagination, constantly topping one absurdly overstated moment with another, even more absurd.
BAD So gross, brutal and just plain bad that I may never NOT_want to NOT_see another Jason Statham movie.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage is a real celebration of the phrase "Why not?".It's big, loud and brainless - and it's all the more glorious for it.
BAD Crank: High Voltage, starring Jason Statham as a man with a machine instead of a heart, is boorish, bigoted and borderline pornographic.
BAD The movie feels like a form of aversion therapy designed to take the fun out of dumb.
FAIR Better not NOT_operate any NOT_heavy machinery after an eyeful of Crank: High Voltage
GOOD If someone was charged with creating a graphic, bizarre cartoon for adults, that someone might conceive of 'Crank 2: High Voltage,' one of the most insanely outrageous movies ever made.
BAD This Crank sequel fails to live up to the original in every way and that one didn't NOT_exactly NOT_set a NOT_high bar to NOT_begin with.
BAD Like its predecessor, Crank: High Voltage is speedball cinema, a pure narcotized rush of blistering action, odious stereotypes, and shock-for-shock's-sake nastiness.
BAD It's so amped up that High Voltage suffers its own energy shortage well before the finale.It's also every bit as stupid as it sounds.
FAIR Not everyone NOT_has a taste for NOT_gun-wielding strippers and Godzilla parodies, but for those who do, Crank High Voltage is like a 1,000-volt shot to the heart.
GOOD Crank: High Voltage promises something outrageous and then over-delivers, permanently deflowering and deforming the mind of anyone lucky enough to be in the audience.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough NOT_here for me to NOT_recommend it without reservations to anyone outside of that NOT_narrow target audience.
BAD This movie is Tarantino on speed, and without focus and style.It is in-your-face and proud of it with no apologies.
BAD For all its ADD editing, it's a joyless slog.
BAD William Blake may have once stated "The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom" but I'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the "Crank" films, he might have had second thoughts about that.
FAIR It knows what it is, almost mindless and totally kick-arse.In fact, it's my favorite of the Crankporter flicks.
BAD Watching this movie is like trying to survive on Red Bull and Skittles.It might keep you up for a little bit, but before too long, you'll just want to throw up.
GOOD Imagine a gonzo collaboration between Jean-Luc Godard, Michael Bay and Tex Avery on a weekend meth binge, and you begin to get an idea of what writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brad Taylor have up their sleeves.
GOOD Crank High Voltage delivers everything it promises -- if it were a politician, it'd have my vote.
FAIR if you're 14 to 18, hopped up on hormones, fresh off your daily dose of Ritalin, and ready to have your short attention span verbally and visually assaulted, you'll be in for a toxic trip.
FAIR It is as much influenced by Looney Toons cartoons and Russ Meyer movies as it is by the anarchic new wave of action films.And it was edited, apparently, by someone with ADD.
FAIR Brash, outrageously inane and chaotically crafty, Crank 2: High Voltage is unapologetic in its sheer penchant for graphic-induced ribaldry as its charismatic calling card.
FAIR The Stath is pretty much the most bankable name in action movies today, and his unhinged work in High Voltage, indulging in an explosion of murder and mayhem with gusto and glee, should certainly see him retain that title.
BAD There are many things to make fun of here.
BAD From any angle this is a very ill-considered project -- an obvious contender for worst film of the year.
BAD The emphasis placed on indoctrination, enslavement and superior alien intelligence brings the film troublingly close to subliminal propaganda, while the script is so banal you'd have to be brainwashed to enjoy it.
BAD Solid, old-fashioned rollocking adventure?You can keep telling yourself that, but you'd be better off saving the cash, going home and watching Star Wars on video again instead.
BAD One of the darkest, ugliest, most uninvolving and incomprehensible major-studio fantasies I've ever seen.
BAD There's so much to mock in Battlefield Earth, it's hard to know where to start.
BAD The film starts well with interesting comic book-style camera angles, but it never NOT_generates NOT_enough tension NOT_due to NOT_preposterous plot holes and liberal borrowings from other movies.
BAD Battlefield Earth is like taking a bus trip with someone who has needed a bath for a long time.It's not NOT_merely bad; it's NOT_unpleasant in a NOT_hostile way.
BAD Worst example of vanity filmmaking in years.
BAD There's really nothing here you haven't seen before, except maybe the sight of John Travolta walking around with tubes in his nose.
BAD If you are looking for something to hate and despise, get thee to this movie.
BAD A folly so supreme that it occasionally inspires awe, in the sense that so many people spent so much time and money on it without ever realizing how awful it is.
BAD Place it next to The Omega Code and The Omega Code shines.
BAD Blame this mess on Travolta.
BAD If this is what we have to look forward to in the year 3000, count me out.
BAD The sets are laughably cheap, and the aliens look like geeks from a Star Trek convention who couldn't afford to buy the "good" Klingon costumes
BAD This film maintains a surprising consistency of bad acting and directing almost from the first frame to the last.
BAD AAAAAAAAGHHHH! MY EYES! IT BURNS!IT BURNS!
BAD Just too absurd to pay full price to see in a theater.
BAD It's as if Travolta wanted to destroy his career again just to see if he could stage another comeback.
BAD finds (Travolta) wobbling around in the highest platform shoes since Elton John and sporting bizarre dreadlocks... the oddest vanity production imaginable, one in which the main attraction is nearly impossible to recognize.
BAD Utterly inane and innocuous in the most harmless, uninteresting way -- the fruit of an overrated star's overblown ego, recklessly indulged by studio excess.
BAD O diretor Roger Christian acredita que 'ter estilo' e simplesmente inclinar sua camera o tempo todo.
GOOD ...when Luke and Darth Vader face off before the drooling Emperor, the franchise comes to its rightful fruition.
GOOD Ewok-filled finale less Force-ful than previous.
GOOD A fragilidade de Marquand como diretor e a crescente infantilizacao da narrativa sao facilmente constataveis, mas ainda assim o filme consegue fechar satisfatoriamente a trilogia original.
FAIR The finale to the saga's first chapter wobbles from time to time and the mythology grows a little woolly, but that spectacular conclusion is hard to resist.
GOOD The space battles are well-staged and various loose narrative threads are pulled together neatly.
FAIR The third Star Wars film, and the sixth in the series, begins with a bang as our heroes try to wrap up the threads left hanging at the end of The Empire Strikes Back.
BAD The problems with Jedi cannot be fixed even with the best digital software in the galaxy: the weak story, the bad performances, the burp jokes, and Luke's bizarre-looking hair mop.
GOOD First-class entertainment.
FAIR ...Lucas's first serious decline into juvenilia for the Star Wars saga.
GOOD fantastic
GOOD The beginning of George's tilt towards the dark side.
GOOD The weakest of the original trilogy, but far easier to watch than Episode I or II
FAIR Though it looks almost too polished, a handful of eye-smacking action scenes were breakthroughs in precomputer cinematic graphics.And when the film moves, it does so with blazing energy and awesome noise.
GOOD The episodic plot and abundant spectacle do not NOT_drown out the NOT_human interest.
GOOD the least of the three, but it is still a magnificent experience in its own right
BAD The old Star Wars gang are back doing what they've done before, but this time with a certain evident boredom.
BAD [Hamill] gives what is immediately recognizable as the most irritating lead performance in a blockbuster film in recent memory.
FAIR The acting in Return of the Jedi is stronger than in the previous films.
FAIR Marvelous!
GOOD The most disappointing of the original three episodes but still charming and thrilling.
GOOD Quite entertaining to say the least, and while the Ewoks were pretty childish, I did still enjoy their goofy presence, and Leia in a skimpy belly-dancer's outfit was just, well....inspirational!
GOOD Harry Potter's adventures in wizard-land are cozy and comfortable in Chris Columbus' faithful adaptation.
GOOD This faithful rendition of the inaugural Potter book demonstrates that the franchise is in safe, sensible hands.
FAIR Slow, but it establishes the myth, the cast and the look.And it's holding up surprisingly well.
FAIR Although it suffers nominally from being over-stuffed and under-paced, it's grand and involving, with magnificent production design and special effects, and some fabulous thesps present and correct.
GOOD First Potter movie is a magical ride but also intense.
GOOD a fantastic beginning
FAIR Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Zoe Wanamaker and Maggie Smith, to name but a few, all put in an appearance and it is these old hands who are the best aspect of the film.
FAIR Suffering from too much fantasy over too little reality, Sorcerer's Stone sets Harry Potter up for a longer and fruitful career as a screen legend.
FAIR Because the film is so glossy, so flippant in its presentation of the world that author J.K. Rowling has spent her sizable novels dissecting, that I still don't NOT_have a NOT_good idea what all the fuss NOT_is NOT_about.
GOOD Even though a few of the book's scenes have been cut, fans probably couldn't hope for a better adaptation.It bodes well for the rest of the series, when strong stories start taking precedence over set-up.
GOOD I couldn't find one mis-step, one wrong move, or one disappointment in the transition from print to celluloid.
GOOD The special effects aren't overwhelming and the ideas aren't too far-fetched, but the story will reel in just about anybody.
GOOD A sense of loss accompanied my appreciation of the movie.The images created by my own imagination...will now be changed forever.
FAIR Though generally overrated, it's a good start to what will undoubtedly become an epic film franchise.
BAD A Xerox copy of the book, and a copy is never NOT_as NOT_good as the original.
GOOD Full of well-designed atmospheric charm, full of wondrous, expensive effects and mediocre-at-best acting, full of media hype and holiday-season merchandising opportunities.
GOOD Surefire crowd-pleaser, with a terrific, note-perfect cast and impressive use of special effects.
FAIR Faithful to book, film conjures up magical moments for fans to savor.
FAIR A superior, well crafted blockbuster for the whole family, but it's nowhere near as extraordinary as the hype surrounding it.
GOOD Sorcerer's Stone is that rare effort that successfully breathes cinematic life into a children's classic.
GOOD An admirable spectacle, a real thriller for the kids and the kid in all of us, but ... straightforward and workmanlike.
FAIR As directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film with no personality of its NOT_own, despite NOT_being NOT_filled with NOT_many NOT_unforgettable personalities.
GOOD A parte tecnica de Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal e impecavel.
FAIR ...certainly an entertaining and recommendable film, but it never NOT_soars to the heights of filmmaking or imagination.
FAIR Great fun, even if it's not a NOT_particularly NOT_good movie.
BAD At no point NOT_does this dual-timeline setup NOT_ever NOT_feel like one NOT_unified project -- the aesthetics of NOT_mid-70's era America and the Vague Future Apocalypse are so wildly disparate as to feel like totally different movies.
FAIR I guess I am a sucker for these sort of time travel films, travelling back in time to change the course of history.
GOOD The surprise isn't NOT_spectacular set pieces, NOT_first-rate CGI or quality performances from an all-star cast.It's the brains behind the brawn: Days of Future Past is a tirelessly creative chunk of blockbuster bravado.
FAIR Although it might lack in the flare of some of its big screen comic book competitors, Days of Future Past does have plenty of "cool stuff" in its arsenal.
GOOD Really, though, this is an excuse to let the all-star casts of the original trilogy and 2011's swinging 60s prequel share the same screen space while the effects crew comes up with nifty new gags and suitably spectacular set pieces.
GOOD X-Men: Days of Future Past has finally found the sense of humour that has been missing from the recent instalments in the series.
FAIR It trots along at a fair old pace, the cast doing a sterling job of keeping straight faces while spouting quasi-scientific gobbledegook.
BAD The only auteurs guiding the creation of Days of Future Past are the talent agencies that put together the deal.
GOOD Singer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg deftly move between future and past, presenting the parallel storylines coherently and gracefully.
GOOD The action and effects are handled expertly and as with previous X-Men films and comics, there is speechifying, unlikely alliances, sudden betrayals and the denouement will have fans of the original movies swooning.
FAIR Singer's direction is capable, with generally fulfilling use of 3-D technology and a thankfully dry sense of humour.
GOOD Here's the thing about comic book heroes.Despite all the noble talk about metaphors, idealism, truth and justice, they're basically just bully-boy fantasies of limitless male aggression...The X-Men, however, have always aspired to something different.
FAIR If you include two stand-alone Wolverine films, this is the seventh X-Men-related movie, and any series' movie No. 7 isn't NOT_supposed to NOT_be NOT_as NOT_good as this genre film that NOT_is NOT_full of both grandeur and fun.
GOOD It seems like all the summ er blockbusters this year are coming in spring, but Days of Future Past will surely hold up as one of the year's best.
GOOD ( ... ) one of the stars showboat nor are they overshadowed by the mind-blowing special effects.
GOOD A sublime adventure that deftly juggles character and plot.
FAIR Despite all of its flaws, X-Men: Days of Future Past is incredibly fun ... This movie doesn't NOT_take itself NOT_too NOT_seriously, and neither should its audience.
BAD This is the seventh X-Men film, the fifth team movie, and we're still dealing with the same "Eric says kill the humans before they kill us" vs. "Charles says give peace a chance" plot.
FAIR Shows Singer exercising some much-needed control over the franchise he built 14 years ago and wrangling a lot of loose ends -- a welcome return, and although the material itself is a little unwieldy, it successfully brings together characterizations.
FAIR If you just think of each franchise X-Men film installment as a stand-alone alternative history, it will go easier for your brain.
BAD I cannot recommend the film to anyone not NOT_firmly NOT_grounded in X-MEN lore
FAIR With references to Vietnam and with President Nixon as a key supporting character, the film continues the X-Men tradition of being politically and sociologically conscious...
GOOD In a film universe in which it's sometimes challenging to find at least one character to cheer for, this ensemble is loaded with them.
GOOD It lives.It breathes.It has a sense of humor.It is very probably the best comic book movie since Singer gave us X2: X-Men United back in 2003.
FAIR the story's stakes are, despite the familiarly bleak post-apocalyptic setting, inherently more personal and intimate, which makes the film as a whole more emotionally gripping
FAIR The most astoundingly okay movie so far this year - which is apparently all it takes to earn high praise these days.
FAIR It's more like a Roger Moore James Bond movie, maybe even Moonraker but I say that as a Bond fan who appreciates the blatant outrageousness of Moonraker.If Moonraker sounds like an insult, then Days of Future Past is at least Octopussy.
GOOD That Singer fellow sure can make an X-Men movie.
FAIR Wonder of wonders, it has what too many blockbusters lack: villains with motivations beyond "world domination."
GOOD Continuing to be the most original and resonant of the Marvel superhero franchises, the X-men return in the capable hands of director Bryan Singer, who again stirs plenty of meaty subtext beneath the thrilling action.
FAIR ...an erratic yet rewarding entry within this ongoing series.
FAIR A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
FAIR A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one.Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
GOOD Modern anti-heroes.Criminals with heart.And these guys are stinkin' funny.
BAD Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug.My choice for the worst film of 2004.
FAIR ...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
FAIR It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
BAD Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
BAD All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
BAD (...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
GOOD I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
BAD Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na propria diversao do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridiculo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
FAIR 'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
GOOD En el universo de un ladron, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
FAIR All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
BAD Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never NOT_feels NOT_fully NOT_fleshed.
BAD designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never NOT_quite catches
FAIR ...the banter feels authentic...
FAIR More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
FAIR All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
FAIR Ocean's Twelve isn't NOT_much NOT_better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
FAIR Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie?Sure they are, but it works again.
FAIR Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
FAIR That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
FAIR This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
FAIR Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
FAIR It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
FAIR Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
FAIR The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . .taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
FAIR Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun.And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
BAD Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
FAIR A bit of a mess.But a fun mess.Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter.An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
BAD Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
FAIR The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story.Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
FAIR Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
FAIR It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
BAD While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure, this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest (or something like that.)
BAD Steve Conrad's script is a jumbled farce, misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no NOT_real relevance to the story.
GOOD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see, and there's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it.
FAIR Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original (something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did, much to Thurber's annoyance), and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining, glossily photographed, globe-trotting romp,
FAIR A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects.
FAIR Somehow, out of a no-win situation, Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains and also provides a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration.
FAIR A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism.
GOOD ...a superior comedy/drama that's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated.
BAD This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season.
FAIR Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment, an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber's literary work (adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye.)
FAIR Walter Mitty has a big heart, and I like it for that.But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall.
BAD The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level.
FAIR 'The Secret Life of Walter Mitty' is not the NOT_old James Thurber NOT_short story NOT_brought to the NOT_big screen.It's important to make that clear.
BAD Iceland deserves an apology: The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation's locations, which provide the film with its only moments of distinction.
GOOD "MItty" a Magical Tribute to the Possible
FAIR For Ben Stiller it's a case of one step forward, two steps back, with the funny man's ambitious move into Oscar territory never NOT_quite NOT_reaching its NOT_full potential, NOT_even though moments of brilliance NOT_do NOT_pop up NOT_now and again.
GOOD I seriously love this movie.
FAIR Stiller has aimed high, and even if he hasn't made it to the top, the view is still pretty good from where he ended up.
FAIR This flight of fancy doesn't NOT_quite NOT_offer the feel NOT_good lift it NOT_seems to NOT_be NOT_aiming for, NOT_perhaps because its structure NOT_dictates that Walter NOT_spends NOT_too NOT_much time NOT_alone, but that's not to NOT_criticise NOT_Stiller's film NOT_too harshly.
FAIR One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness, this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers.
FAIR Rarely NOT_rises above NOT_greeting NOT_card-level NOT_would-be NOT_inspirational banality.
FAIR The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms.Given the elusive nature of those terms, it is, however, hard to tell for certain.
BAD It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place, and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes, the real-life scenes just lose their luster.
FAIR It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller's Mitty.
BAD The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one, each jostling for position, each disliking the other.They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own.
GOOD This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not NOT_close to James Thurber's charming, classic short story but has a charm of its own.
BAD A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program.
GOOD This is Stiller's piece de resistance.
GOOD It's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder.
FAIR The phrase 'a Walter Mitty character' looks set to outlast everyone's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump.
BAD The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life's hustle and bustle, but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" NOT_is (1) a NOT_terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to.The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" NOT_is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' NOT_is a cheerier film than NOT_'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie NOT_is NOT_lovely to NOT_look at; it NOT_just NOT_hasn't NOT_much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land NOT_is one NOT_sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor.Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't NOT_grow up NOT_comes off like a shrill, NOT_obnoxious NOT_little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't NOT_really NOT_care.They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land NOT_is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land NOT_is NOT_much NOT_more P.C. than the NOT_original version NOT_(no NOT_more NOT_racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind NOT_sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_top itself, NOT_knock us over or dazzle critics.And Return to Never Land NOT_doesn't NOT_even NOT_try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR An absolutely absurd action extravaganza.It's doubly crazy, chaotic and all kinds of ridiculous fun.
BAD 'Machete Kills' is 'Spy Kids' Meets 'Moonraker'... with Blood.Machete Cortez is back... and so over-the-top, he literally floats away.
BAD An interminable bore.
BAD Guns and explosions aren't that exciting when the plot hasn't sucked you in, and lacking the imaginative, spunky spirit of the original, Machete Kills just feels so much more laboured.
BAD It's a questionable gig that may become an endearing one by 'Machete X: Machete Goes Hawaii.'
FAIR Loud, fun, ultra-violent sequel to Machete, with unsmiling crater-faced Danny Trejo as the Mexican hero slashing and slaughtering his way to justice.Director Robert Rodriguez does what all good, trashy sequels do, which is to deliver more of the same.
FAIR Multi-tasker Robert Rodriguez sequelises his Machete, originally a joke trailer in Grindhouse, and manages one of his most messy and (even for this sort of nonsense) ludicrous efforts.
FAIR Uncompromised in its goofy cartoon vision of an insane world that doesn't NOT_realize it's NOT_reached a state of NOT_post-apocalypse, NOT_even though the bombs NOT_have NOT_yet to NOT_fall.
BAD Machete don't text, but he does seem to have jumped a shark.The first film was great fun, but Machete Kills seems to have misunderstood its own joke.
FAIR Machete was arguably Rodriguez's best movie, but MACHETE KILLS -- while still passable -- comes nowhere close.
BAD Over the top in every area and making good actors look bad at every turn.
BAD The market has well and truly rejected the Machete franchise, as if it were salted toothpaste or phlegm-flavoured soda.
FAIR For those who enjoyed the surprise TV hit 'Sharknado' this summer and/or the original 'Machete,' here's 'Machete Kills,' a parody of old-time drive-in and generally sleazy movies that's a sequel to 'Machete' from a few years back.
BAD An obvious improvement over its virtually unwatchable predecessor...
BAD The film is often very funny, even though the pacing is extremely slack, wasting far too much time with pointless exposition and misogynistic smirking.
BAD Trivial and tedious...enough already!
FAIR If you liked the first film, chances are you'll have a good time with this one.(If you sit through the new Romeo & Juliet remake, it's easy to mistake Machete Kills for genius.)
BAD Machete does, indeed, kill.This time around, he also sucks.
BAD Machete Kills is a film in which style sardonically routs substance, a cloying gag built around the iconic quality of Trejo's matchlessly craggy face, which resembles a plate of sundried corned beef.
GOOD Basically, take a Screwy Squirrel cartoon, and replace the titular rodent with a unfailingly snarling Mexican.
BAD Not NOT_funny NOT_enough to NOT_be a comedy, NOT_not NOT_weighty NOT_enough to NOT_be a NOT_real B-movie thriller ...
BAD This ignores the first rule of proper B-movie exploitation cinema - that anything over 89 minutes is just excess baggage, of which Machete Kills has plenty.Still, at least it's authentic in one respect - the trailer is better than the film.
BAD Rodriguez seems to forget what the actual joke is behind the Machete franchise.
BAD Dull where it should be demented and reluctant when it should be raw.
BAD Of course Machete Kills is supposed to be "bad," but it's also supposed to be entertainingly dumb and loony - which is where it falls short.
BAD It's unfair to say Machete Kills is boring and stupid, but it flirts with both of those adjectives far too often to be considered a good movie.
BAD This movie skips the grindhouse era and goes straight for the meth house dynamic.
BAD Machete Kills plays like a joke that's been told a few times too often.
BAD The mind boggles, the stomach turns and the heart sinks.You have been warned.
BAD A self-aware exploitation picture that winks as it picks your pocket.
BAD When a celebrity chef like Rodriguez is just going through the motions, we can smell that the grindhouse fad is way past its expiration date.It's time to put a fork in it.
FAIR The decision to put a trailer for Machete Kills Again... in Space! at the beginning of the film might have been a mistake since that looks better than this one.
BAD Endless assault weapons, exploding helicopters, crashing cars and floors splattered with blood, limbs and entrails, all adding up to nothing.
BAD Machete kills, sure.Unfortunately, he overkills.
BAD Just don't NOT_expect a classic of American NOT_independent cinema.
BAD Machete Kills aims for 'so bad, it's good', but ends up just plain bad.
GOOD I found it to be an improvement over the original.The energy is higher, the action is crazier, and the humor is more evident.I had a hell of a good time with this.
FAIR It's not a NOT_bad story NOT_as NOT_far as it goes, and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... [but] no story, no matter how NOT_NOT_interesting, can't NOT_NOT_do without a NOT_NOT_little bit of the Hollywood treatment, and "The Hunting Party" suffers that in spades.
FAIR Features some truly outrageous events....But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
BAD There are a lot of movies that don't NOT_deliver on their promise.The Hunting Party is one of them.It's a disheartening disappointment.
GOOD Tense, funny, disturbing and touching from moment one.
FAIR The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending, leaving a lot of filler in the middle.
FAIR Gere has so much fun in his role it's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts.
BAD a very poor man's Three Kings, minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads.
BAD The magazine piece was convoluted at best, and writer-director Richard Shepard doesn't NOT_make things NOT_much clearer.
BAD Although the film initially plays like breezy fun, it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone.
GOOD ...the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that hasn't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone.
FAIR Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness, Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism.
BAD By the time the end credits roll, you're still not NOT_sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party NOT_is NOT_supposed to NOT_be, NOT_other than NOT_just NOT_queasy.
GOOD Writer-director Richard Shepard's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down.
BAD It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down.
BAD The Hunting Party is a complete bust, but the ways in which it fails are interesting.
BAD Set in postwar Bosnia, The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent.
FAIR The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film's vein of bleak humor refreshing.
FAIR ...it does make room for the latest, loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere's career.
BAD The Hunting Party has good aim, but just misses.
BAD When something seems too bizarre to be true, that's generally how it plays onscreen.
FAIR ...The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly 'normal' people doing seriously insane stuff.
FAIR On paper, there's no way that The Hunting Party should work.But onscreen, it defies the odds.
GOOD A spry, surprising and intelligent comedy.
FAIR If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy, any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor.
BAD The movie, based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation's most notorious war criminal, goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible.
FAIR It's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all; without them, The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot.
FAIR Immersed in cynicism and dark humour, this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters.
BAD wants to cover a lot of ground, but shortchanges most of it.
FAIR A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters, highlighting the absurdity of war.
FAIR Politics aside, The Hunting Party is a breezy, occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey.
GOOD All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film's opening disclaimer: "Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true."
GOOD The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands.
FAIR ...plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda, with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR far from perfect, but it's fun to watch
FAIR "Prince of Persia" certainly has some entertainment value, but it suffers in the story department because it continually tries to fill the film with too much action.
FAIR Gyllenhaal might have seemed like an odd choice to top-line an action flick, given his indie leanings and wet noodle persona, but he's surprisingly tolerable as Dastan; a parkour-obsessed oik who grows into an abs-solutely un-flabulous warrior.
BAD Someday someone is going to make a great film from a video game.Until then we have to be satisfied with being decently entertained without being hopelessly insulted.Prince of Persia manages to avoid doing either, so the wait continues.
BAD This movie stars exactly one paleface American and several paler-faced Brits in almost all the supporting roles.The bronzer budget must have been a major line item.
BAD ...a pointless and aggressively bland big-budget disaster.
BAD The movie feels mediocre.It could've been much more, and so it seems the video game curse is still alive and well.
BAD Pijesak vremena nije film koji &#263;e gledateljima dugo ostati u sje&#263;anju, to i ne mora automatski zna&#269;iti da je lo
BAD All about the empty spectacle, sound and fury building to multiple climaxes (without the pleasure).[Blu-ray]
FAIR While Prince of Persia is no Pirates of the Caribbean, NOT_it's NOT_also nothing Bruckheimer or Disney need to feel ashamed of.My kids loved it.
FAIR The sands weigh heavily toward the action/special effects component, true to its video game origins and designed to the tastes of the fanboy gamer crowd.
BAD Disney tries its hand at adapting a video game and deliver a wasted opportunity of a film.
BAD Cliquez pour lire la critique...
FAIR It isn't that the film NOT_is NOT_bad, NOT_it's NOT_just that it's NOT_so bland at times you wonder if you're watching populist director like Ronald Emmerich trying to tackle a complex author like Dostoevsky.
BAD The CG-enhancements are so omnipresent here that they soon become the very opposite of "special" effects.
BAD And this was supposed to be one of the summer's great popcorn movies?Yeesh.
BAD Hay en esta version cinematografica del video juego cierto espiritu clasico que invita a recuperar algo de aquella inocencia y que hace recordar, por momentos, a aventuras como las de Indiana Jones.Solo que El Principe de Persia dificilmente se convierta
BAD Memo to studio execs: 'most entertainment' and 'most entertaining' are two completely different things.
FAIR Lovely to look at and mildly funny but tries with sweaty desperation to be the next Pirates of the Caribbean.
FAIR ... an amusing throwback to campy 1940s Technicolor adventures like Cobra Woman and Arabian Nights.
BAD I miss the days when big-budget movies actually delivered on memorable thrills and characters.Prince of Persia has neither, only a lazy script enhanced by computer-generated visuals.
BAD Most of the time, movies based on video games seem just like movies based on video games: A sprinkling of story is added, there's a lot of jumping around, and the show is forgotten quickly even though the video game itself persists.
BAD Jake, so good bottoming in Brokeback Mountain, here lacks top appeal.Too bad gravitas can't be sprayed on like a tan.
FAIR So comeca a funcionar minimamente quando foge de seu obvio subtexto (politico) e se concentra na imbecilidade de seus ridiculos personagens.
FAIR It plays too much like a video game.
BAD Prince of Persia is perhaps helped by low expectations
BAD I don't NOT_understand how a film with a budget NOT_exceeding $150 million could NOT_only NOT_have NOT_mediocre NOT_special effects.
FAIR Disney trades in the Caribbean for all of Persia with mixed results... seems to be holding back and overshooting all at the same time.
FAIR It's at its worst when it slows down for too long and gives you an opportunity to think about the plot.Luckily, that doesn't NOT_happen NOT_too often.
BAD its lack of even one truly memorable moment is testament to its prefabricated lack of inspiration
FAIR Try as I may, I simply cannot dislike any movie with both an ostrich race and an ostrich stampede.
FAIR Could have used more of its own magical Sands of Time, which endow the possessor with time-rewinding, mistake-correcting powers.A pinch to add chemistry between leads Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arterton; a dash to delete portentous dialogue.
BAD "Prince of Persia" is a major disappointment, a movie that hopefully will run out of time on the big screen very quickly.
FAIR The plot is impossible to follow but the full on action sequences make it fun to watch.
FAIR Sand plus swords plus long hair plus Jake Gyllenhaal minus a shirt equals good times.Entertaining, escapist B-movie fluff that does more for the female audience than its weekend competition, Sex and the City 2, ever will.
FAIR The lush Griggs cinematography and rich Waxman score enhance an otherwise lightweight movie.
FAIR Until the elephants actually stampede the palace, this Liz Taylor vehicle is pretty talky drama.
BAD Unfortunately, the script that John Lee Mahin prepared from the Robert Standish book is lengthy and hackneyed in the build-up, and William Dieterle's direction does not NOT_provide anything NOT_more than NOT_gaudy panoramas of a NOT_tropical palace to NOT_fascinate the eye.
BAD ...astonishingly bad...
FAIR You're so busy enjoying the sound and picture quality that you're inclined to forgive the film's missteps.
FAIR Thunderous, metallic, ominous, screeching sound effects add to the sensory perception that you're watching a megaton monster barreling toward a dramatic showdown.
FAIR This sort of thing by design devolves into two guys talking on a phone, which if it's got any chance of working requires strong actors to bring their characters to life.Which is probably where Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 succeeds best.
FAIR The fourth (and least effective) collaboration between Denzel Washington and Tony Scott...
FAIR When logic subsides, as alas it does, it is the sheer force of Washington's intensity and Travolta's elan that keeps the film on, ahem, track
FAIR If the trademark Scott gloss serves as a superficial hook, his also-adept manner of building tension and suspense then keeps one interested.
BAD It would be impossible to make a completely dull film of Godey's story, but Scott has succeeded in reducing it to an empty, mechanical spectacle.
FAIR Solid performances can't lift this picture above its own mediocrity, however.The plot is formulaic ... and the ending obvious.
BAD In yet another blander-than-bland remake of a classic film, flash-over-substance specialist Tony Scott takes Joseph Sargent's taut, 1974 action-thriller and processes it through the multiplex mulching machine.
BAD There was a reality to [the original film] that I think is missing from this.
FAIR If you've never NOT_seen the NOT_original, the NOT_new NOT_Taking of Pelham 123 will NOT_probably NOT_come across as an NOT_okay thriller, but if you have seen the original it's clear evidence as to why the movies aren't as good as they used to be.
FAIR Mechanical and unspirited, this is just another goddam remake, as they might say in the Big Apple.
FAIR When all is said and done, The Taking of Pelham 123 is a reliable, if unremarkable thriller that delivers what it must, and doesn't NOT_waste a moment NOT_doing so.
BAD Packed with enough rap music, nauseating camera jerks, speed shifts and freeze frames to almost, so nearly, convince us something interesting is occurring on screen.
FAIR Ultimately, this is not a NOT_great train-robbery film -- but hey, in the whole scheme of things, it's not a NOT_bad one, either.
FAIR Stays on track as an entertaining-enough suspense thriller featuring fine performances by Denzel Washington, John Travolta and James Gandolfini.
FAIR [It's]a popcorn movie, nothing more and nothing less.
FAIR Unlike Sargent, who trusted his story to provide the fireworks, Scott resorts to gimmicks: choppy editing, speeded-up footage that segues inexplicably into slo-mo, and pointless explosions of noise.Sometimes, less really is more.
BAD All sound and fury, devoid of any relevance or resonance.
FAIR This is a post-9/11 city: terrorism is suspected, the cops are over-armed and trigger happy.Why they don't NOT_shoot Ryder when they could NOT_is NOT_unexplained.
BAD Scott's style, all staccato edits and blurry panic, pays off in a few minor scenes, though it's a pity a sub-plot traffic accident has more impact than the main event.
BAD 'The Taking of Pelham 123' is not a NOT_bad film: it's NOT_ponderous and shallow, but always watchable.But what it crucially fails to do, especially in the light of its illustrious predecessor, is justify its own existence.
BAD Featuring good work from the dependable Denzel, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is hampered by hyper-kinetic visuals from Scott, an over-zealous turn from Travolta and a thoughtless script from Brian Helgeland.
FAIR The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 is not a disaster by any means.For most of its running time, it's a slick, well-crafted piece of entertainment.But you can't help wondering just how good it might have been in the hands of a less self-advertising director.
FAIR Head-bangingly hyperactive as ever, action maestro Tony Scott appears to have upped his caffeine intake for this unexpectedly entertaining remake.
BAD The 2009 version, perhaps like New York itself, is flashier and far less gritty.The camerawork is busier, the effects are expensive, the colours louder.The soundtrack, a bastard mix of rocky techno and crude drum 'n' bass, recalls a car ad from 1996.
BAD Juvenile, hyperactive, obstreperous and obnoxious.
FAIR Scott does like his bells and whistles, substituting those for real atmosphere and sense of place.Fortunately that's not NOT_enough to NOT_completely NOT_wreck a serviceable thriller.
FAIR Now that all the summer's blockbusters have shot their load, there could be room in the market for this solidly entertaining thriller remake.But your life would hardly NOT_be NOT_impoverished if you NOT_skipped it.
FAIR The year's most surprisingly enjoyable pulse-racer.
FAIR For a good hour, Scott delivers a tense cat-and-mouser.Goes off track when Denzel turns action hero, but his riffing with a sinister Trav is what propels this Pelham.
FAIR The film thrills like a super-saturated fairground ride, but Scott ducks the question of post -9/11 terror, and fails to deliver on a metaphorical level.
FAIR It moves along at a decent pace but I'd have liked something more - but what exactly, I can't quite put my finger on.
FAIR The Taking Of Pelham 123 may not NOT_be up NOT_there with his NOT_best, but it's professional, fast-moving and holds the interest.It will pay a few bills, which is the only reason it exists.
GOOD Tony Scott has made a film that, for sheer fun and breathless tension, leaves the summer's other actioners parked in the sidings.
BAD There are shadows on top of shadows.It's the film noir universe, all right.What does the title refer to?Perhaps to what you will enjoy during the film.
BAD Well-directed with exquisite visuals, but suffers from an often dull, convoluted and confusing plot as well as too much style over substance.
BAD Easy on the eyes but brutal on the ears, The Perfect Sleep fuses Shakespearean tragedy and noir iconography into a strange, lovely, leaden ball of confusion.
BAD The disjointed story is no NOT_more NOT_comprehensible than The Big Sleep.Though Alter is no Howard Hawks and Pardoe and Sanchez are no Bogie and Bacall, this movie looks great.You won't nap through The NOT_Perfect Sleep.
FAIR Alter's film is a rare pleasure.
BAD The Perfect Sleep is an empty homage to a bygone genre.
BAD Style significantly trumps substance in The Perfect Sleep, a good-looking but convoluted homage to film noir, Russian literature and Shakespearean tragedy, among a few too many other things.
FAIR An undeniably odd mixture of 80% noir, 15% action, and 5% random homage.I dug it.
BAD The well-chosen supporting cast also deliver with especially sharp turns from Sanchez, Bauchau and Amendola who act this script as if it were Shakespeare.
GOOD Andrei Tarkovsky's epic inquiry into freedom and faith presents an arduous journey for the spectator, but conjures up its own mystical universe with majestic conviction.
GOOD Seminal feature from Tarkovsky, the master of atmosphere and multi-functional allegory is truly affecting, as well as fodder for countless film studies curricula.
GOOD There is no NOT_easy watching to NOT_be NOT_gained here, but nor is this a hard slog -- each scene is beautifully crafted, painting a vivid and fascinating picture of Tarkovsky's vision.
GOOD A vast prose-poem on celluloid whose forms and ideas were to be borrowed by moviemakers like Lynch and Spielberg.
GOOD [It] has enough hauntingly beautiful images and profound ideas to linger in one's mind.
GOOD A tangled knot of memories, fears, fantasies, nightmares, paradoxical impulses, and a yearning for something that's simultaneously beyond our reach and yet intrinsic to every one of us.
GOOD Tarkovsky majestically creates through editing rather than special effects the unstable universe of the Zone, and amidst the grime and the destruction, summons up moments of pure magic.
GOOD Tarkovsky's allegory's imagery will sere its nightmare images into the deepest, darkest corners of your subconscious.
BAD Stalker, a somber futuristic fantasy from the Soviet Union, attempts to build an apocalyptic vision out of the most impoverished materials imaginable.
GOOD More obviously a metaphorical construct than Tarkovsky's Solaris, and as a result, a bit less emotionally satisfying.
GOOD The penultimate installment of the LONE WOLF AND CUB series gets back to the basics ... Just plenty of mano a mano swordfighting.
GOOD Warrior is an ode to valour-ruined men, in war, in peace, in the octagon.
FAIR A straight genre picture, but the best MMA movie ever.
GOOD Tom and Brendan are enough to offer a satisfying payoff - even if minor characters are left flailing in their wake.
GOOD Warrior reveals itself to be more than just a brainless slugger - like the best boxing movies, it's able to utterly wrap you up in the moment and have you punching the air come its conclusion.
GOOD Warrior is one of the year's best films that has everything audiences are looking for in a sports movie experience.Visually exciting fight sequences are matched by an emotionally complex story with believable characters full of conviction.
GOOD ...an instant classic that manages to surpass even the original Rocky in terms of effectiveness...
GOOD Familiar fight movie tropes are followed, but the dramatic stakes that O'Connor lends the proceedings give them uncommon involvement and an even rarer sense of suspense.
GOOD Warrior is an unbelievably effective film, not NOT_just because it's NOT_emotionally NOT_rich, but because it doesn't NOT_treat the MMA sport like a joke.
GOOD Trumping even genre classic Rocky, Warrior packs a grand emotional wallop thanks to top-tier performances and the fact that you don't NOT_want either fighter to lose.
FAIR One cannot genuinely fault Warrior for the cliched elements of its story, simply because reviving the cliche is the whole point.
FAIR In Gavin O'Connor's hands ... the few-holds-barred matches are certainly the main event: subtle characterization and deep back-story are not NOT_wanted on this NOT_two-fisted voyage of the Conlon family.
FAIR Not NOT_far NOT_removed from its NOT_true-to-life counterpart 'The NOT_Fighter,' NOT_'Warrior' NOT_is about two men who NOT_decide to NOT_enter a NOT_mixed NOT_martial arts competition for two NOT_very NOT_different reasons.
GOOD A sports movie about a martial arts tournament and an intimate drama about letting go of hatred and opening the heart to the healing balm of forgiveness.
BAD This tale of two brothers competing in a mixed martial arts contest is gritty, laboured and totally devoid of suspense or surprise, despite the best efforts of actors Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton.
BAD Suddenly Thunderdome doesn't NOT_seem like NOT_such a pipe dream anymore.
GOOD Formulaic yes, but the best iteration of this formula in a very long time.
GOOD Warrior is a superbly acted and emotional film about manhood, family and never NOT_submitting to life's beat downs.
FAIR Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
BAD Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion.
GOOD The film's great achievement is not in the way it NOT_manages to NOT_drop us NOT_suitably NOT_wimpy audience members NOT_right into a NOT_good ol' NOT_fashioned NOT_no-holds-barred fight, but that it can be ... touching, heartbreaking and emotionally satisfying at the same time.
GOOD A welcome throwback to big studio movies with heart, mind, and blood running through their veins.
FAIR Relies on the graininess of the indie/gritty shaky-camera style rather than on the integrity of the narrative to convince viewers the film is more artful than cornball.
FAIR Few attempts are made to explain the technicalities and nothing is left to the imagination in terms of the brute strength required at this level.
GOOD easily one of the best sports dramas in recent years
FAIR Just enough unexpectedly terrific moments of big-ticket emotion and quiet introspection to make a cliche-barraged first hour and eye-rolling plot turns feel more disappointing.Still, it boasts vivid fight choreography and a trio of top performances.
FAIR Even though Christ transforms hearts, believers aren't promised new lives devoid of suffering.Such an accurate depiction of faith is rare in Hollywood and even many faith-based productions.
FAIR Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
BAD Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
FAIR Sweaty yet sentimental slug-fest, delivering a knockout punch
GOOD Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
FAIR Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars.
FAIR Warrior will help cement Hardy's status as one of our most charismatic and muscular stars after the likes of Bronson and Inception, not NOT_forgetting his riveting turn as Ricky Tarr in Tinker, Tailor, while Edgerton NOT_makes an NOT_implausible character believeable.
GOOD Emotionally engaging drama that transcends its ridiculously cliched script thanks to strong direction, impressive fight sequences and a trio of terrific performances from Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte.
GOOD A blistering and well-observed emotional drama that does a terrific job of being much, much more than just a fistfight.
FAIR This doesn't pack a punch like 'The NOT_Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
FAIR The point here is not the triumph of some NOT_hypothetical NOT_good guy; the point NOT_is the NOT_beating out of brains
GOOD Expande a historia dos personagens, evitando a repeticao que caracteriza tantas continuacoes.O resultado e um filme interessante e, como o primeiro, tragico ao seu proprio modo.
FAIR Infernal Affairs II contains strong performances by Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang along with some edgy music by Chan Kwong-wing.
BAD Less show-offy than Infernal Affairs, its prequel is also considerably over-plotted.
GOOD Director Otto Preminger's only western is a simple, frequently charming, and beautifully photographed film blessed with fine performances and great teamwork from Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe.
FAIR Director Otto Preminger has thrown all the grandeur and menace of these features upon the eye-filling CinemaScope screen.
BAD Typical of the genre
BAD ...at least his robot butler was cool... at least cool for 1978.
BAD Naomi Watt delivers but the script offers a lifeless story and too many one-dimensional characters to name.
FAIR If the filmmakers had skimmed off some of the exposition from the first half, and tightened it up in order to get to the main part of the story faster, it would have worked a lot better.
BAD Another of Participant Media's earnest, well-meaning, well-made, but rather dry efforts that definitely do their job in conveying the intended message but not NOT_so NOT_much as NOT_engaging drama.
FAIR Despite its flaws, this movie feels necessary.
FAIR The cast is great, but the material is dated, and the political thrills are not NOT_always NOT_perfectly sharp.
FAIR The script is intelligent, the acting is understated yet powerful, and the actors were well cast at all levels.
FAIR confirmation that all is well for only as long as everyone agrees not to NOT_know anything
FAIR This isn't a message movie, per se, but a strong point of view comes through regardless: In the battle of principles vs. politics, politics always win.
FAIR Terrific acting and a sharp, brainy script hold our interest, but we never NOT_properly NOT_feel the NOT_emotional punch.
FAIR If you watched the news while all this was going down, you don't NOT_really NOT_need to NOT_see this movie, but it's good that it exists.
FAIR Fair Game is interesting if only to witness the war of words on both sides and see the actual damage [Plame's] outing caused.
FAIR A drama about the cost of idealism and sticking to your guns in order to bring truth to the light.
GOOD Nao ha como negar que os grandes viloes de Jogo de Poder nao se encontram no Afeganistao ou no NOT_NOT_Iraque, mas na Casa Branca.
FAIR The script, based on memoirs of their experience by Wilson and Plame, has two stories to tell -- the run-up to Iraq, and the portrait of a marriage under fire -- and combines them very adroitly.
BAD A more self-indulgent piece of movie-making is hard to imagine.
GOOD It's a thriller that shows the twists and turns of fate with some skill but also rages effectively against the way the most powerful usually win.
GOOD Satisfying, grown-up entertainment.
BAD There are so many distortions within the movie, but space does not NOT_allow me to NOT_recount them here.Suffice to say, whenever the Hollywood Left tries to sell you a conspiracy theory, it is a good idea to check the facts out yourself.
GOOD Watts and Penn are first rate as a married couple divided by their desperation to do right, while stylistically it's top notch.
FAIR An impressive, if slightly inconsequential, retelling of old news whose novelty is its undiminished shock factor.
BAD It is complacent and fatuous in a way that only a preeningly well-intentioned Hollywood drama can be.
FAIR The movie's driving force is Watts, whose depiction of a professional spook attempting to negotiate a political minefield as well as hold her stressed-out marriage together is thoroughly convincing.
GOOD An engrossing, well-written and acted movie.
FAIR Reality disguised as improbable thriller fiction.
GOOD A fine political thriller.
FAIR Fair Game is engaging, provocative and superbly acted, but it takes too long to get going and the true story is so gripping that you occasionally find yourself wondering if it might have been better served by a documentary.
FAIR An absorbing, unhysterical thriller that largely rejects the cliches of the genre.
GOOD While on the slick exterior Liman has crafted a gripping thriller, at its core this is as much a romance and paean to the ties of marriage.
BAD It's never NOT_clear whether Sean Penn NOT_is NOT_aware NOT_just how NOT_annoying his character NOT_is - or if he genuinely thinks his finger-wagging smug- sack act is sympathetic.
GOOD Liman juggles political intrigue with low-key domestic drama to polished, largely riveting effect.Great star turns, too.
FAIR In the filmography of liberal-skewing, Bush-era true stories, this is a measured, persuasive item.
BAD ...sets itself up as a political thriller, but abandons this path half way through to turn into a domestic melodrama and moralising political message.
GOOD Liman Digs Into the Personal Life of Those On the Edge and Finds Something Nicely Human.A Great Political Flick
BAD An example of op-ed cinema.That is, when it's done right, it's edifying and absorbing -- but when it slips, as it often does here, it just feels like a chore.
FAIR A docudrama about a historic event that happened not NOT_long ago, NOT_'Fair Game' NOT_is the story NOT_not NOT_only of the Iraq War but also the revelation that Valerie Plame was a spy.
FAIR An exceptional drama.
GOOD ...more a backstage drama than a Bourne video game.
FAIR Respectable but rather soggy.
BAD If I wanted to hear someone's slanted view on our past and present governments, I'd turn on the television and listen to any of the loud and brash blowhards on Fox News or MSNBC.
FAIR The movie looks great, with a moody use of shadows and darkness and dreary, lowdown locations.
BAD A stale adaptation of the classic Frank Miller comic.The film drowns in bad voice work and lacks the visual nuances found in the original story.
FAIR Batman: Year One adapts Frank Miller's tale with excellent animation and first-rate voice work from a talented cast, finding a nice balance between human moments and exciting action sequences.
FAIR Another 1990s domestic parable chastising workaholic dads, The River Wild also functions as a gorgeous travelogue and a Meryl Streep action film.
FAIR A buff Streep vs. bad guy Bacon on a wild river journey in which good acting overcomes several cliches.
FAIR corny but gripping
BAD Terrible "suspense" movie.Predictable and no action until the end.
GOOD It looks like an action movie, sounds like an action movie, but there's a lot more going on here.
FAIR The title promises more than the film delivers.
BAD Constructed from so many ideas, characters and situations recycled from other movies that all the way down the river I kept thinking: Been there.Done that.
FAIR The thriller framework is still familiar, but the results exhibit a welcome freshness.
FAIR Columbia Pictures' Batman is just about as good as the next serial, which spells plenty of two-fisted fun.
FAIR An almost prototypical example of a straight-to-video actioner...
BAD Empty but expensive bunch of nothingness + style.
FAIR Seldom boring, yet covers much ground familiar to most viewers.
GOOD One of the better Bonds; lots of cartoonish violence.
FAIR This is a nice, safe, Bond movie that is trying to please the masses.And it does work as a crowd pleaser.Not among the best Bond, but a solid debut for Brosnan and a worthy entry in the series.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_completely NOT_lay Bond's NOT_psychological complexities NOT_naked, NOT_cold and bare.But "GoldenEye" can hardly NOT_be NOT_faulted for NOT_occasional concessions to NOT_casual entertainment - NOT_especially with a NOT_superior villain, NOT_taut action and an all-time Bond girl.
GOOD A smash hit that brought Bond back to life in a great big enjoyable way.
FAIR Se acerta ao trazer um Bond mais amadurecido, amargurado e auto-consciente, peca terrivelmente por elementos que beiram o trash, como alguns efeitos visuais pavorosos e uma atuacao sensual, mas absurda, de Janssen.
GOOD This is the best bond movie since On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
FAIR Lean, dark and graceful, Brosnan wraps his perfectly calculated accent around all the standard phrases without making us hear quotation marks.
GOOD Fast and light.
GOOD Pierce is fantastic
FAIR ...a solid, sporadically electrifying entry in this ongoing series.
FAIR It's only slightly better than the movies of the last fifteen years or so, but that alone makes it worth seeing.License to Kill was so absolutely horrid, that I'm relieved to see an upswing.
FAIR Execs at MGM/UA can rest easy: the Bond franchise has been successfully salvaged.
BAD Instead of continuing as a comedy of thrills, Goldeneye rapidly disintegrates into an endless series of gratuitous explosions and suspense-free motor vehicle chases, each one louder and less interesting than its predecessor.
FAIR Pierce Brosnan turns in a fine performance, establishing himself as a fine heir to the Bond throne.The plotting isn't NOT_as NOT_solid as in the NOT_best Bond films, but this is still a good time.
BAD If we apply high standards we expect from classic Bond films, Goldeneye is a failure.
FAIR Supercharged with spectacular, thundering, brain-numbing fun.
BAD They have given James a new car here, but it's the same old vanity plate, the one that should read: Je Me Souviens.
GOOD A bold attempt to reinvent the character itself, one that tied in with the post-cold war era.
FAIR traditional enough to leave 007's character alone, but intelligent enough to deal with the fact that he is in new surroundings
BAD A reasonable facsimile more than any kind of original, and it's hard not to NOT_feel a NOT_certain weariness while NOT_watching it unfold.
FAIR It is Bond's encounters with various villains and his romantic interest -- and all those wild stunts -- that fans pay to see.And they won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Perhaps the best entry in the series since The Spy Who Loved Me.
FAIR Brosnan uses them well, slipping comfortably into the role of Bond.It's just unfortunate that his debut film couldn't have been more interesting.
FAIR Watching the film, I got caught up in the special effects and the neat stunts, and I observed with a certain satisfaction Bond's belated entry into a more modern world.
GOOD ...an eye and ear-pleasing, action-packed entry in the Bond series
FAIR It is every inch a James Bond story.
FAIR The exotic settings, fight scenes, and car chases are also good, and the supporting cast is admirable.
GOOD It's BS -- Babes and Stunts -- and that's where GoldenEye excels.
FAIR Goldeneye does not disappoint.
GOOD As stylish and sophisticated as ever.
BAD This is the first picture in the series that feels inert.
BAD Time to hang up the boxing gloves, ol' Rocky.
GOOD For the most part, the Rocky pictures have been outstanding entertainments, beautifully crafted and executed, and Rocky V is an important and worthwhile addition to the series.
FAIR Much-maligned but sporadically effective...
FAIR Goes the distance as a parable about what is really means to have heart.
FAIR A sloppy but good-natured reminder of just what it is that has kept Rocky Balboa afloat for 14 years.
BAD They should-a stopped at IV.
BAD Like watching some favourite relative die, Stallone subjects the viewer to a miserable and pathetic end for such an enduring character.
BAD Even Stallone seems to be sleepier than usual here.
BAD Third World Cop shows that Hollywood hackdom isn't that NOT_far NOT_removed from NOT_independent (and foreign) digital video posturing.
BAD ...proof that not NOT_just the Americans NOT_are NOT_capable of NOT_churning out NOT_cliched action flicks.
FAIR Best enjoyed as a sample of the state of the art circa 1925, not as a NOT_timeless masterpiece.
FAIR Yes, you'll also find the chariot race in here, and you may even find it as exciting or more exciting than the one Heston enacted.
FAIR Hokey by today's standards, but one of the greatest silent film spectacles.
GOOD Has merits not NOT_found in William Wyler's Oscar-laden 1959 remake.
BAD Battle in Seattle is a childish, ineffectively manipulative piece of self-serious agitprop about the four-day World Trade Organization meetings in 1999.
BAD Actor-turned-filmmaker Stuart Townsend would have been better off keeping things on a more modest scale.There are just too many characters here.
FAIR This is a powerful, wrenching and impressive writing and directing debut for the talented actor, definitely now a triple showbiz threat.
FAIR If current events hold, Battle in Seattle could look like prophecy as well as history.
FAIR The issue deserves a better sounding board than this.
BAD There is a monster in Battle in Seattle, but it never NOT_speaks and remains mysterious.
BAD Actor-turned writer-director Stuart Townsend makes great use of the documentary footage of the '99 Seattle WTO riots.And he gets across his talking points about this shadowy outfit, too.It's a shame his script and all his actor friends get in the way.
FAIR Very ambitious, the story constantly jumps back and forth, trying to give both sides of the story.I'll say it's mostly successful.
FAIR Braiding brief snippets of these automatically suspenseful storylines with archival video footage of the actual event, Townsend makes a good point that the thing just got away from all involved.
BAD It's easy to see why Townsend was attracted to this inherently dramatic situation, but the characters he's put on screen feel less like real people than like entities created to either make plot points or stand in for specific positions.
FAIR The film's default position is to always fall back on anti-capitalist rhetoric whenever dialogue and drama grow too banal.
BAD The chief culprits are Townsend's TV-movie characterizations and a very muddled message.
FAIR The result is not NOT_quite a documentary and not NOT_quite a drama, but interesting all the same.
BAD Cinema verite' filmed in an unabashedly one-sided, pro-demonstrator mode, this film fails to make the grade as either hard hitting documentary or staged narrative fiction
FAIR What the film lacks in artistry it makes up for in commitment.
BAD So measured and fair-minded that all the drama gets sucked out of it.
BAD The characters in Battle in Seattle are often crudely drawn, and the able actors struggle with canned lines.
BAD For all its speeches and scary graphics, Townsend's script fails to make it clear why we should care today.
BAD Less notable is the soap-ish plot, which leans heavily on coincidence and melodrama.
BAD It's like a class play by the Students for a Democratic Society.
BAD Boiled down to its minerals, Battle in Seattle feels a lot more like The Poseidon Adventure (1972) than a thorough examination of the moment.
BAD But a drama is only as convincing as its characters.The people awkwardly forced together in Battle in Seattle are rhetorical mouthpieces tied to the sketchy plotlines of a so-so Hollywood ensemble movie.
BAD puppet characters spout pabulum and orate to the skies
BAD ... will leave you slightly better informed than two hours spent staring at a wall.
FAIR Political ensemble drama is provocative, preachy.
FAIR A tense debut about the need for stern yet peaceful action when so many global frustrations are already primed to blow.
FAIR Three cheers for this prophetic political film about activists willing to take a stand against rich and powerful multinational corporations.
FAIR An ambitious directorial debut from Irish actor Stuart Townsend that does an impressive job recreating the 1999 protests that accompanied the World Trade Organization's arrival in Seattle.
BAD Fictionalized drama frustrates, rather than facilitates, understanding about the 1999 World Trade Organization (WTO) protests in Battle to Seattle.
FAIR Spy thriller mixes nonstop violence with pro-family message.
FAIR It's Ford and Patriot Games that made Jack Ryan a top-notch action hero and not NOT_just a NOT_capable CIA nerd.
FAIR Ford gives one of his most commanding performances outside of a Lucas production, establishing an action formula Ford would repeat...[Blu-Ray]
FAIR Not NOT_bad.Pretty intense ending.
FAIR E sempre bom ver um filme de acao que se preocupa em desenvolver seus personagens.
FAIR It ain't exactly saving the world, but Patriot Games's earnestness belies its ultimate simplicity and smallness.
GOOD Great Tom Clancy adaptation
FAIR Enjoyable thriller that has Jack Ryan (Harrison Ford) going head to head with terrorists.
FAIR I expected this one to be a little more cerebral and without the Indiana Jones ending.
FAIR An enjoyable, tense and sometimes stylish action film, but lacks the depth of characterization and technical proficiency that made Hunt a superior work.
GOOD Crichton is after a giggly quality as if it's being told as a pub yarn, soaked in exaggeration and acute trickery to defeat impossible hurdles, while never NOT_far from NOT_redoubtable NOT_moral lesson.
FAIR An entertaining thriller that stumbles occasionally on overlong dialogue sequences.
GOOD he climactic heist of the gold, with Mr. Connery climbing atop the moving railroad cars, ducking under bridges just before a possible decapitation, is marvelous action footage that manages to be very funny as it takes your breath away.
GOOD Smooth crime caper flick with Connery .
FAIR Connery is one of the best light comedians in the movies, and has been ever since those long-ago days when he was James Bond.
GOOD Excellent period film featuring great performances by Connery and Sutherland.Crichton's direction builds some very tense moments, particularly in the execution of the robbery, but the movie isn't NOT_too NOT_serious to NOT_throw in an NOT_occasional gag.Deserves to be
GOOD Connery and Sutherland shine in one of Crichton's absolute best.
GOOD The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
GOOD Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours.The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels.Down time doesn't NOT_exist in this film.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
GOOD The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all.It transcends the genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
GOOD Does it match the hype?Yes.
GOOD At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
GOOD Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
GOOD If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
GOOD Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events.Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
GOOD [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
GOOD Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not NOT_here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
GOOD The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
GOOD It's not NOT_just the NOT_best Batman film ever.It's not NOT_just the NOT_best superhero movie ever.It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in.The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
GOOD a phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
GOOD Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
GOOD It is ridiculous how much praise "The Dark Knight" truly deserves.Heath Ledger is this film's crowning jewel.By the time you get to the end credits, you'll immediately want to see it again.
GOOD The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
GOOD Visceral and terrifying.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
GOOD Even if this wasn't Ledger's NOT_final role before his NOT_untimely death NOT_last year, his Joker would NOT_still NOT_go NOT_down in cinema history as one of the NOT_most NOT_creepily NOT_unhinged NOT_big-screen NOT_bad guys of all time.
GOOD More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
GOOD You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start.In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
GOOD Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
GOOD Bring on part three.
GOOD To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value.Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
GOOD Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
GOOD In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
GOOD It not NOT_only NOT_surpasses Batman Begins - NOT_previously NOT_considered the NOT_high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
GOOD The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept.11 film.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't NOT_really NOT_matter that NOT_much as this NOT_is NOT_really a vehicle for the NOT_amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never NOT_seems NOT_hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative.Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD A film that works on many levels, be it action, drama, or romance, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is recommended viewing for anyone who likes their martial arts with some heart and soul.
GOOD Amazing, magical martial arts fairy tale.
GOOD Often imitated, never NOT_equaled, NOT_"Crouching Tiger" soars because it NOT_showcases culture NOT_as NOT_much as cutting-edge martial arts.Unfinished business, unspoken passions and unwanted prejudices stand beside fists (and feet) of fury in a lyrical film.
GOOD Lee brought a distinct elegance to the wuxia genre of mythic, lyrical martial arts pictures...a breathtaking visual and emotional experience for the viewer...[Blu-ray]
GOOD The movie is good, sometimes very good, but I suspect it's a masterpiece only for those who haven't seen all the earlier masterpieces that equal or surpass it.
GOOD The film has so many different elements that there's enough in it to appeal to almost everyone.
GOOD ...my expectations were high, and I wasn't NOT_disappointed.
GOOD It's a feeling akin to seeing Peter Pan fly for the first time or watching the first light-saber duel in Star Wars.
GOOD Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon mixes In the Mood for Love's unobtainable romance with Dancer in the Dark's selfless-to-the-end philosophy.
GOOD The smartest and smartest-looking action movie of the year.
GOOD It's abundantly clear that Lee, in conjunction with fight choreographer Yuen Wo-Ping (famed for The Matrix), has brought to these standard tropes his own elevating, near-feline sensibilities.
GOOD Within five minutes of the opening you'll wonder when was the last time you felt so alive, so excited in a cinema.
GOOD It's FANTASTIC!
GOOD A haunting, tragic fairy tale for the ages.
GOOD Its breathtaking landscapes and tense physical confrontations feel like throwbacks to spaghetti (Sergio Leone) and bread and butter (John Ford) westerns.
BAD Not since Sandy Duncan's version of "Peter Pan" NOT_has NOT_such a NOT_cinematic masterpiece NOT_been NOT_caught on film.
GOOD Beautiful and elegant; marvelously shot and directed; touching, humorous, and thrilling, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the movie of the year.
GOOD like being absorbed into the pages of every adventure story you loved as a child.
GOOD Os personagens da historia acabam tornando-se mais notaveis do que suas proprias qualidades como lutadores.
GOOD Quite simply, it blew me away.
GOOD The crossover hit that (quite rightly) started all those high-flying wire-fu action pictures.With the redoubtable Chow Yun-Fat and Michelle Yeoh.
GOOD Chow reveals astonishing depths.But the revelation is Yeoh.
GOOD You may never NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_beautiful movie - and certainly no NOT_more NOT_majestic film NOT_has NOT_yet NOT_been made.
GOOD You could search long and hard and not NOT_find a NOT_more NOT_magnificent dragon.It will catch you when you aren't expecting it and pounce on you like a tiger
GOOD "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" is a mythical story with modern ideas.Each image is beautifully crafted and memorable.
GOOD The entire thing is a tapestry you can stare at for hours.
GOOD This one has it all: adventure, romance, spectacle, morality.
GOOD El Tigre y el Dragon es simple y sencillamente una obra maestra y una de las razones de la existencia del bien llamado Septimo Arte
GOOD It's an action movie that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_blow you out of your seat ..., but rather it captures you in suspended awe for prolonged periods of time.
GOOD A truly stunning blend of classic Chinese martial-arts moviemaking and modern psychodrama.
GOOD High art meets high spirits in a rapturously romantic epic that really kicks butt.
GOOD What is pleasantly unexpected is how effortlessly Ang Lee's low-key dramatics mesh with the kinetic sword battles.
BAD Less amusing than a game of license plate bingo.
BAD Are We There Yet? is more interested in crass humor than in creating remotely believable characters that we might actually care about.
BAD Are We There Yet? is the perfect movie for your children, assuming you hate your children.
BAD What does Brian Levant have against the stars of Boyz N the Hood?First Cuba Gooding Jr. in Snow Dogs, now Cube and Nia Long in one fell swoop.
BAD That we're supposed to find any of these characters appealing is just one of the mysteries posed by this so-called 'family' comedy.
BAD The problem is that, if anything, [Ice Cube] is too likeable - he's never NOT_allowed to NOT_really NOT_get NOT_angry with the kids, which NOT_severely NOT_hampers the NOT_comic potential of the premise.
FAIR Several of my grand kids were with me at a recent screening and loved the film.Some critics have panned the film, citing the kids were too cruel.I disagree.
FAIR The evolution of Ice Cube from 'AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted' to America's Most Cuddly continues.
BAD It COULD have been something, but...
BAD None of the film's NOT_major events NOT_are NOT_very NOT_funny or interesting, but Cube manages a few delightfully funny and charming small moments.
FAIR Are We There Yet? is not a NOT_great film, but it'll do.Remember, you can do a lot worse this month.
BAD It's too early and too cynically easy to declare Are We There Yet? the worst film of 2005, but it's awfully tempting.
BAD The bad news is that the inclusion of a bobble-head doll is not the NOT_worst part of this NOT_disappointing family comedy.
BAD Expends four full reels questioning the wisdom of procreation, only to turn around and conclude it's the greatest thing in life in the fifth.
BAD Maybe the MPAA needs to create a new rating (<5) for movies like this: "Not recommended for those over the age of five."
BAD Somehow, 'Life ain't nothin' but diapers and minivans' just doesn't NOT_pack the NOT_same punch.
BAD 'Are We There Yet?' is an eerily appropriate title for cinema's first authentic endurance test of 2005.
BAD The humor and escapades are occasionally well-focused (refusal to board a plane for carrying a corkscrew) but more often rude and physically abusive.
BAD Marred with long stretches of the pothole most anathemic to comedy: dead air.
BAD Try as he may, Cube can't save this movie, in which he also served as a producer.That would be like emptying a flood area by using thimbles.
BAD ... Gags that wouldn't NOT_be NOT_funny in NOT_small doses NOT_drag on to excruciating lengths.
BAD Adults will be asking, 'Is it over yet?'
BAD All the Stuckey Pecan Logs in the world couldn't make this road trip worth it.
BAD So Are We There Yet?The answer is yes-we arrived and from the looks of this fettered fluff we could ask an equally appropriate inquiry: Is it too late to go back?
FAIR The chemistry between Nick and the scheming kids has a definite flair.
BAD The movie never NOT_passes up an opportunity to NOT_insult viewers of all ages.
BAD Think twice about getting involved with the woman who reared these two little sadists.Maybe these two rotten apples haven't fallen far from the tree.
FAIR ... has a slow and natural progression, as Anderson's oceanographer searches for the shark that killed his partner, getting sidetracked by every possible diversion along the way.The diversions are kind of where it's at.
FAIR While one may expect a little more consistency from a film with such acclaim, consistency is hardly the order of the day when one NOT_is NOT_making NOT_iconoclastic and unconventional movies like Anderson does.
BAD Aquatic seems willfully eccentric without ever letting the rest of us in on the joke.
FAIR Much of what happens feels rough, as if Anderson never NOT_completed his shooting script...But individual moments... just might keep you entertained throughout the film's near-two-hour running time
FAIR For some, Anderson's world is too hermetically sealed and downright strange to be affecting; for others, there's an irresistible charm to his eccentric characters.
GOOD Little can convey the texture of the Texan writer/director's fourth feature, other than to say it is unmistakably Andersonian, as off-kilter and tricksy as The Royal Tenenbaums.
BAD There's no doubt that Anderson NOT_is an NOT_inventive filmmaker NOT_bursting with ideas.The problem is that he hasn't found a powerful story to contain them.
FAIR Twisted yet exquisitely witty.
BAD Even Bill Murray, leading a now-typical set of odd Andersonian characters, can't keep this one afloat.
GOOD Wes Anderson creates a highly stylized and peculiar world, which either works for you or it doesn't.It works for me beautifully...
FAIR full review in Greek
GOOD A film I'll be able to return in years hence and have lovely waves of happiness wash over me.
FAIR The garish, exotic, retro styling is Anderson at his visual best.In terms of character and sensibility, though, this is sadly Anderson at his worst.
FAIR magnificent display of talents not NOT_weaved into NOT_coherent story
GOOD Expect the absurd, the bizarre, the sweet, and the occasionally surreal, and you'll probably have a darn good time with The Life Aquatic.
FAIR There is a distinct sense that Anderson is trying to re-invent himself with this film.
BAD Kudos for tone and flavor, but if you take the meat of something we aren't inclined to eat, all the best seasonings in the world won't save it.
FAIR Orson Welles said a film studio was the best train-set a boy could have, but The Life Aquatic is something else: Anderson uses the sound stages of Cinecitta like a kid playing with toy boats in the bath.He makes one hell of a splash.
GOOD Anderson's ability to deftly flip between whimsy and sentiment remains intact.
GOOD Stylish, quirky, enjoyable comedy-drama, with a superb ensemble cast and a terrific soundtrack - this is a treat for fans of Anderson's work, although the uninitiated may be less impressed.
FAIR Wes Anderson has been hailed as a genius by many.On this evidence, he's not NOT_quite NOT_there yet, but if you liked Bottle Rocket, Rushmore, and The Royal Tenenbaums -- you'll like this.
GOOD Only The Beatles' Yellow Submarine equals The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou for brilliant, psychedelic surrealism.
GOOD The result is something rich and strange, both a comedy of the absurd, and an allegory for all those who find themselves at sea.
BAD Well, this is a painful review to write.The film is a mess.The really odd occurrences are just that...odd.They have no resonance.
BAD There was some great action and some funny bits but I found this film a little too strange for my taste.
BAD I really don't NOT_know what to NOT_make of this movie, NOT_other than to NOT_say that it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_least NOT_impressive addition to Anderson's filmography NOT_so far.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever.It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again.But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD Extremely violent, extremely preposterous, extremely entertaining, The Matrix succeeds at two extremely difficult tasks: as a vast, exciting virtual-reality movie and as a defibrillator for Keanu Reeves' big screen career.
GOOD The Matrix is a movie experience like no NOT_other, and experience is what it's all about.It explodes with dazzling visuals and a transcendent sense of excitement.
GOOD Thematically complex, yet intelligently integrating eastern philosophy, Lewis Carroll and ancient mysticism.
GOOD Writer/director siblings the Wachowskis have gone further with the action genre than you'd have ever thought possible.
FAIR The Wachowskis and cinematographer Bill Pope take advantage of currently available technical trickery to create visually distinct levels of reality while setting high-speed cameras in motion to make the action sequences particularly dynamic and fluid.
GOOD Intense, but many teens will be able to handle it.
FAIR Exemplifies the idea that a sufficiently cool outcome justifies all of the tortured narrative it takes to get there.
FAIR The original Matrix stands perfectly well on its own, despite the fact that the filmmakers went on with second and third episodes.
GOOD Dimension-hopping has never NOT_been NOT_so NOT_exhilarating and breathlessly lyrical as brilliant visuals and bracing Hong Kong action stunts punch through lengthy streams of technobabble.
FAIR The paranoid details of the premise are thoroughly worked out; the characters and motives, much less so.
FAIR There is no NOT_denying that fact that the Wachowski Brothers NOT_have NOT_amazing imagination and vision.They direct the film with non-stop style and imbue each scene with enough eye-candy to make you stop noticing the gaping plot holes and lapses in logic.
FAIR An inventive science fiction idea that rivals the brilliant thinking behind such movies from last year as Dark City and The Truman Show.
GOOD It's incredible.
GOOD If you're curious where the next generation of auteurs is coming from, look in the art houses and look in The Matrix.
GOOD As Morpheus says, "The Matrix is everywhere."
GOOD All I can say is wow.
GOOD 'The Matrix grabs you by the eyeballs, hypnotizes you into a state of visual ecstasy, and doesn't NOT_much care if your brain NOT_is NOT_following or not.'
GOOD A terrifically entertaining and satisfying production.
FAIR This film is triumph of style over substance.
FAIR The problem with The Matrix is that the enormously talented Wachowski brothers think their playful premise has metaphysical implications.
GOOD The story is so smart and full of surprises, you may begin to wonder what the Super Mario Brothers would have been like if they had used their brains to save the day.
FAIR For those who have been waiting for movies to catch up with the graphic possibilities of comic books, wait no NOT_longer: The Matrix NOT_is among NOT_us.
GOOD Almost untenably cool, but beneath the sheen there's substance.
FAIR The imagery in the first hour of The Matrix is astounding.
GOOD Revolutionary sci-fi fable pits kung fu against evil robots.
GOOD If there has to be a quintessential film for the end of the millennium, this is it.
GOOD An ambitious, perception-bending metaphor for life at the end of the 20th century.It doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_sense, but it seems to make sense, which is the key thing in science fiction.
GOOD Una fotografia interesante, un guion inteligente, actuaciones convincentes, una historia trepidante, un soundtrack fuerte y bien realizado
FAIR Despite the familiar ground, Ralph Ziman manages to orchestrate an engrossing and energetic film full of memorable characters and a wicked soundtrack.
FAIR Bold, energetic and extremely complicated, this epic thriller is an eye-opening exploration of ... Johannesburg
FAIR Issues of race and social injustice add a little grit and texture to an otherwise overlong and over familiar gangster story.
BAD Sadly things unwind and the movie loses power with covert special pleading for the wiseguy protagonist, who is supposed to be morally superior to obviously vindictive white cops or evil drug dealer rivals.
GOOD Ultimately, like all the best gangster films, it is a story of people, not principles.Actions, not ideas.And it is very nearly a masterpiece.
GOOD The film pays its dues to the classics.Not only does it lovingly rip off a truck heist from Heat, but Lucky and his gang actually sit down and watch Heat for tips.
GOOD rags-to-riches tale cut from the same cloth as City of God, Goodfellas and Scarface.
FAIR Lucky's journey fails to inspire either empathy or a more scrutinizing ethical engagement; he acts simply as a character in a cut-rate gangster mash-up might, and around the time of that first, zany carjacking it ceases to matter where he'll end up.
BAD A cheerfully violent South African ramble about a gangster unwilling to "sit on his arse waiting for Mandela".Initially intriguing, it collapses in an hour.
FAIR Jerusalema remains an elegant third venture from director Ralph Ziman.
FAIR It's a rich portrait made all the more worrying by apparently being based on actual events.
FAIR Writer-director Ralph Ziman strings it all together with slick competence, but given that leading man Rapulana Seiphemo does a persuasive line in moral ambiguity, it's disappointing that the proceedings too often default to glib shoot-'em-up.
FAIR A potent, energised slice of South African life.
FAIR A riveting look at a side of South Africa that seems to have been swept under the rug.
FAIR It's easy to overlook the formulas and just enjoy the ride.
BAD The opening credits of Gangster's Paradise note that it was "inspired by real events."It would be more accurate to say that the film was inspired by Brian De Palma's Scarface and similar fare.
FAIR ...a hopelessly uneven endeavor that's consistently buoyed by Freeman's mere presence...
BAD The sadness created by this film could be cured only by its quick descent in well-deserved oblivion.
BAD sloppy, lazy, and unable to keep up with its own con.
BAD Don't NOT_let the NOT_big names NOT_fool you: The Code NOT_is NOT_limp NOT_enough a thriller to NOT_deserve the NOT_direct-to-video treatment it's received.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
FAIR Plenty of heart and hijinks mixed with litter box humor.
BAD ...juvenile caricature the whole way, so adults had better beware.
BAD Cats & Dogs is, at its absolute peak, faintly amusing.
FAIR Mr Tinkles has to endure the humiliation of being dressed up in ridiculous outfits by his eccentric owner, meaning that he gets to deliver lines such as "EVIL%u2026does NOT NOT_wear a BONNET!"
BAD On paper, it may have looked like 'Cats and Dogs' would prove a winner with both children and adults.Maybe even another 'Babe'.Something, however, obviously went seriously wrong between the drawing board and the transformation to celluloid.
BAD A mediocre movie that will appeal only to less discriminating kids.
BAD There are movies intended solely for kids and movies intended for kids but also enjoyable for adults.Cats and Dogs falls into the former category.
GOOD It's tough to warm up to a pig, or a goose, or an orangutan for that matter.Therefore, "Cats & Dogs" is the "Babe" of the summer, only it's more familiar, more action-packed and just plain funnier!
GOOD Perros y Gatos es una pelicula 100% para ninos; me refiero a verdaderos ninos, es decir, menores de diez anos.
FAIR Uma distracao de facil esquecimento.
FAIR Image how great this movie would have been had Joe Dante directed it.
FAIR This movie almost went to the dogs.
GOOD A surprisingly witty and sophisticated spy movie spoof that will tickle adult pet lovers and still capture kids 6 and older with its boy-and- his-dog love story and pet slapstick.
FAIR an enjoyable movie that uses special effects with some interesting twists
GOOD Succeeds both as a parody of the spy genre, and in stretching the boundaries of what you believe is possible.
FAIR So much fun you may want to lick yourself.
FAIR No es una NOT_gran pelicula ni NOT_seguramente hara historia, pero si ofrece un muy buen rato de NOT_esparcimiento NOT_familiar
BAD A surprisingly ill-advised misfire that surely won't NOT_be NOT_garnering NOT_many NOT_devoted fans above the age of single-digits.
FAIR Cats & Dogs is adorable, and at times quite clever, but is strictly for the kitties.Er, kiddies.
FAIR The script by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra has many funny moments.
BAD Inoffensive fun that kids will love and adults will likely love too.
FAIR Aimed at kids but doesn't NOT_dumb things down to the preschooler level.
FAIR "Cats & Dogs" is reasonably entertaining kids' fare, but it might have been even more worthwhile if it had a little more human heart and reason behind it.
FAIR "Cats and Dogs" is a movie that blurs the lines between cartoons and live action and between animals and humans.
BAD This "SpyPets" is no "SpyKids."
FAIR High-end family entertainment.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious.It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid.It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't NOT_get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the NOT_worst idea.Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt NOT_be NOT_cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough.But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child.But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't NOT_have what it NOT_takes to NOT_be a NOT_huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not NOT_charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
GOOD There is a charm and vitality to Raiders of the Ark, which Spielberg later admitted was "the first movie where I actually shot the movie without thinking".
GOOD Hold on tight, because it starts at full throttle and never NOT_lets up.
GOOD Yes, it's as entertaining as you have heard.Maybe more so.Raiders of the Lost Ark is, in fact, about as entertaining as a commercial movie can be.
GOOD impossibly good
GOOD As action adventure goes, it's about the best there is.
GOOD Steven Spielberg's rollicking adventure yarn still looks buoyant and dashing after 30 years.
GOOD The boulder has never NOT_looked bigger, the guns NOT_have NOT_never NOT_sounded NOT_louder and Indy's whip has never NOT_cracked NOT_sharper than they NOT_do here.
GOOD If Lucas is Raiders' guts and Kasdan its head, then Spielberg is its beating heart.Little wonder Part IV is still on the cards.
GOOD Raiders is a classic and repeated viewings, especially when presented properly on the big screen, only reinforce this further.
GOOD Breathtakingly efficient, immaculately constructed...This is the ne plus ultra of blockbuster filmmaking.
GOOD It is the classic film [by] Lucas, Spielberg...back before they were replaced by automatons put here by aliens.
GOOD Indy's first adventure is a rip-roaring action masterpiece.
GOOD Justifiably one of the most indelible adventure films in cinematic history...
FAIR It's the perfect vacation-time movie: not a NOT_serious moment in its NOT_whole two hours but so crammed with laughter, thrills and cinematic sleight of hand that audiences will be sorry when it's over.
GOOD Lost Ark holds up for many reasons, not NOT_least of which NOT_is because of Spielberg's consummate skill as a NOT_visual storyteller and his ability to draw charged performances from his actors.
GOOD The postmodern heir to North By Northwest...Like any deathless classic, Raiders is a perfect marriage of star and material.
GOOD ...despite the fast pace, the movie is never NOT_frenetic or tiring, just pure, unadulterated fun throughout.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The most purely fun movie ever made.
GOOD ...lets us indulge in childish thrills without feeling silly about it.
GOOD perhaps the greatest adventure movie of all time
GOOD With an unforgettable opening sequence in which our hero flees through a trap-filled tunnel from a great ball of rock, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a film which wastes no time and never NOT_lets NOT_go of our attention.
GOOD What follows is one breathtaking action sequence after another, each one surpassing the next in thrills.
FAIR New Hollywood moguls Spielberg and Lucas teamed up to create the first -- and best -- of their extremely popular plunderings of old adventure serials ... In retrospect, it also appears as a precise pop-culture inauguration of Reagan-era retro Americanism.
GOOD This is the kind of movie that, even today, audiences immediately fall in love with.It has all the right ingredients: a smart script, a likable hero, a dash of romance, more than a touch of comedy, and a lot of fast-paced action.
GOOD Throughout the film, Spielberg evokes the kind of armchair-clutching action sequences that remind us why they're called motion pictures.
GOOD You'd have to be a heathen to argue with the fact that Raiders of the Lost Ark stands as the best action-adventure movie ever made.
GOOD Most viewers are powerless to resist the kinetic pleasures of this endlessly inventive action adventure.
GOOD Imaginitive set pieces and a quick pace make this a wonderful debut for the series.
GOOD I have nothing against the film for what it is.I'm just not NOT_wild about what it is.
GOOD One of the best films -- if not THEE NOT_best film -- NOT_ever NOT_made!
BAD My big complaint: Take Indiana Jones out of the story, and nothing changes.The Nazis still find the Ark, still open it, still die.
GOOD Allows for a certain worldliness, cautiousness, and darkness in Indy's character.He's far from reckless or noble.
GOOD The film that enchanted a generation and made Ford an action hero.
GOOD The purpose of the exercise.If you can't love this film, you have no business NOT_loving movies at all.
GOOD Spielberg can never NOT_top this.Period.
GOOD One of the all-time great films.
GOOD George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's classic movie did not NOT_invent adventure, as it NOT_was NOT_largely NOT_inspired by NOT_old serials, pulp magazines and B-movies, but it certainly revamped our conception of big screen adventure.
FAIR Lords of Dogtown is an interesting look at the start of an ever increasingly more popular part of American youth culture, but often settles for surface gloss instead of introspection.
GOOD You don't NOT_have to NOT_care NOT_much about NOT_skateboarding (I NOT_really NOT_don't) to NOT_find the movie exhilarating and engaging.
BAD ...a thoroughly dull piece of work.
GOOD The three leads are superb, with Hirsch probably the stand-out - he and Rasuk do particularly well to suggest more than the script's rather one-note characterisation allows.
FAIR Despite the usual difficulty of people scripting their own stories, the film has an energetic fighting spirit.
FAIR Directed with skill and assuredness by Catherine Hardwicke.
GOOD A celebratory experience, paying homage to those who, out of a lack of anything better to do,...created an outright phenomenon.
FAIR You don't need to NOT_know a grind from an ollie to NOT_appreciate "The Lords of Dogtown," the story of the birth of NOT_modern skateboarding culture.
GOOD A pulse-pounding, high energy, rock n' rock blast!
FAIR part celebration of 1970s Southern California punk culture, part rise-and-fall social drama, and part cautionary tale about the perils of youth and success
BAD The movie rarely NOT_conveys the import of what these kids NOT_accomplished: As NOT_depicted here, their NOT_cultural revolution NOT_seems no NOT_NOT_more NOT_NOT_noteworthy than a day NOT_NOT_spent at the mall.
BAD a meandering trip down memory lane punctuated with some really nice skateboarding sequences.
FAIR There's great authenticity in the picture thanks to Catherine Hardwicke's atmospheric direction and Stacy Peralta's first-hand account of the era.
BAD The movie failed, on every level, to answer the one key question: Why should I care about these boys?
BAD Major plot lines may begin, develop and end, changing characters' lives forever, while you are in the bathroom.
GOOD [I]t vibrates with a bouncing-off-the-walls energy that sucks you right into the action.
BAD To call this movie a dog would be to insult my friends of the canine persuasion, so I will just say it stinks
BAD One of the flaws of Paralta's script is that he wants us to feel SORRY for those poor kids who made all that money.Awwwwwwwww....
FAIR Knoxville's arrival marks the end of Dogtown as a free-flowing lark and the beginning of the film's over-determined and predictable "rise-and-fall" story arcs.
GOOD Lots of fun for its target audience; skaters both old school and new, and high schoolers.
FAIR It's hard to think of a movie since 1950's Sunset Boulevard that has gotten more dramatic impact out of a pool.
BAD This dramatization does nothing Peralta's documentary didn't NOT_do better.And why opt for the imitation when the real deal is still out there for the viewing?
BAD Lords of Dogtown is nothing more than a steaming pile of dog crap.
BAD For someone who was there, not to NOT_mention someone who NOT_created Dogtown and Z-Boys, Peralta has crafted a script so superficial and simplistic it feels like it was tapped out by a 14-year-old fan.
FAIR It's a thrashing good time.
FAIR A strong companion to Dogtown and Z-Boys.
GOOD Strong revenge Western in the old-fashioned mold.
GOOD So much more than a football movie.
FAIR What Friday Night Lights offers is the perspective that, for the people and young players caught up in this whirlwind, football simultaneously means everything and ultimately nothing.
BAD Friday Night Lights is a feel-good movie, but it's not real.It's a hard-hitting Hallmark greeting card.It's no wonder it NOT_appealed to Larry King %u2014 it's NOT_safe, NOT_easy, conventional, and feigns incisiveness.
FAIR The script spends at least as much time exploring the psychologies of the young players and the problems they face at home as it does rallying the audience behind their efforts on the field.
FAIR While the atmosphere is excellent, and the general elements all strong, the film sadly fails to give any real insight or depth in regards to explaining the hows and whys of the near fever over the game and its players.
GOOD You'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it's worth the ride.One of the best sports movies ever.
BAD The movie's principles are seriously out of whack, even as it angles toward a Big Life Lesson about learning to live with falling short of greatness.
GOOD The best sports movie for years, as it's not about sport at all.Forget fears of jingoistic grandstanding, this is an un-American all-American tale that deserves attention.
FAIR a good film, but it is preaching to the converted
GOOD Friday Night Lights is a film about football, but it shares more in common with films from the horror genre than with its predecessors.
FAIR A Friday night movie if ever there was one.
GOOD Thornton anchors the film with his understated but no NOT_less NOT_effective performance but the stand-out is Derek Luke (Antwone Fisher) - the scene where he finally realises that his football career is over is truly heartbreaking to watch.
BAD Its script is pure corn, drenched in syrupy sentiment and topped with prize ham in the shape of Billy Bob Thornton's tub-thumping coach.
FAIR There's nothing particularly universal or relevant about this place- and sport-specific ode to American football.Although it's a gripping and watchable true story.
GOOD This is the rousing football movie Any Given Sunday failed to be.
GOOD My favorite film of 2004.
FAIR Might very well be doomed to comparison solely with other sports movies.But at least within that realm it looks pretty darn good.
FAIR The film, just like the sports battles, allows spectators to get caught up in the excitement and become intoxicated on the glare of the blinding stadium lights.
GOOD the film really lives out the metaphor realistically, just like Life
FAIR might have been a truly great deconstruction of the secular religion of football had it not NOT_come NOT_dangerously NOT_close to NOT_buying into the NOT_very myth it NOT_is NOT_trying to NOT_dismantle
FAIR When did director Peter Berg become Mr. Reliable?
GOOD Expertly infuses humanity into the unforgiving, obsessive world of high school football.
FAIR Friday Night Lights can be seen as Hoosiers in shoulder pads, especially in the emotional connection between the townspeople and the team.
FAIR Friday Night Lights is a movie that gets the gridiron action exactly right, but does not NOT_dig NOT_deeply NOT_enough into the lives of the players off the field.
FAIR But all in all, this is a movie for football fans... if you don't like the sport, NOT_then you might NOT_as NOT_well NOT_forget it and try something more to your tastes.
FAIR A solid football movie.
FAIR Viewers will be able to read into the do-or-die philosophy whatever they choose, and in the meantime simply enjoy this big-screen ode to the madness.
FAIR Bland pop Americana.
FAIR Unusually well drawn characters and the empathy its creators have for them are just two of the things that distinguish Peter (Very Bad Things) Berg's latest from most sports movies.
GOOD [Made] with a skill and grace that lifts the material up; all of the actors, and everyone involved in the film's production, came together and made something special.
GOOD Despite minor bugaboos, the film works because each play and conversation is filled with a nervy feeling of how fate could turn on its characters at any moment.
GOOD This West Texas football saga is a real, wrenching look at players, fans and the game that's much more than a game.
FAIR The best parts of this movie are the gritty and grisly fight sequences that have a power and intensity you don't NOT_find in NOT_many movies nowadays.
BAD May be the supreme example of a filmic endeavor succeeding exclusively for one cinematic aspect.
FAIR Knocked my socks off, and I was cursing myself for not NOT_seeing it sooner.
FAIR Skittishly directed and haphazardly written, Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a bundle of old action movie chestnuts brought briefly to life only by Jaa's presence.
GOOD I haven't been this thrilled by a new star since I saw my first Jackie Chan movie.
GOOD Jaa combines speed, strength, and fluidity in a convincing bid to turn wire stunts into yesterday's fad and return simple physical prowess to the forefront.
GOOD Suddenly The Matrix looks about as relevant as VHS tapes.
GOOD Ficarei muito espantando caso o fantastico Tony Jaa nao se torne um astro internacional do genero acao/artes marciais.
FAIR It's too soon to tell if Tony Jaa has the the ability to sustain an interesting career, but he's off to a hell of a start, regardless.
GOOD Jaa emerges as a worthy successor to Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li, dispensing brutality that has never NOT_looked NOT_so NOT_perversely beautiful.
FAIR Has an authentic tone that makes its simplistic quest-for-redemption storyline surprisingly engaging.
GOOD About the only CGI illusion occurs when the bad guy exhales cigarette smoke through the blowhole of his tracheotomy.But Pinkaew isn't NOT_blowing smoke: this NOT_is the NOT_real deal.
FAIR Watching Tony Jaa... provides the same thrill as watching those early Jackie Chan movies.This guy is the real deal.
FAIR Its plot is pretty much standard-issue.But the action is spectacular enough to allow the audience to overlook that problem.
GOOD Get a load of this guy, the way he leaps over cars, slides under SUVs.Experience the man bringing the pain and unleashing wrath.Gaze with wide eyes at his jackhammer fists.
BAD Tony Jaa doesn't NOT_possess the authority of Lee, the charisma of Chan or the intensity of Li, though he does project the same sleepy-eyed blandness as Van Damme.
FAIR Jaa lives up to the hype.
FAIR Ong Bak is not NOT_very NOT_good -- but Hollywood suits would be nuts not to NOT_give NOT_Jaa a role in every action flick they NOT_make from NOT_now on.
BAD Jaa's moves are impressive, but the choreography ranges from bland to ridiculous (as when one dirty fighter resorts to using major appliances as weapons).
FAIR No prizes will NOT_be NOT_awarded to anyone who NOT_guesses that Ting NOT_beats all assailants and recovers the artifact.What you might not NOT_anticipate NOT_is how NOT_viscerally NOT_exciting director Prachya Pinkaew NOT_makes the action scenes.
FAIR Ong-Bak's only agenda is kicking butt, and it does that pretty well.
FAIR All the creatively-staged and -choreographed, knees-'n-elbows Muay Thai mayhem one buys the ticket to see.
GOOD You'll leave the theater bruised and battered, but you'll be happy about it.
FAIR ...thoroughly robust within its own skin.Visually involving and vibrantly executed, fight fans will definitely get a rousing kick out of Ong-Bak
FAIR More than anything, the filmmakers want to impress on you the wonders of Jaa's physical presence
FAIR A viscerally entertaining slice of Thai filmmaking that will leave you grinning ear to ear.
FAIR [I]f you want to get in on the ground floor of a potential action film star, here's your chance.
FAIR A knockout of a martial arts movie -- and an elbow to the head.And two knees to the back and a roundhouse kick to the ear for good measure.
FAIR If you combined the genes of Chan and Bruce Lee with a dash of Buster Keaton, the result might resemble Jaa.
BAD For every moment that inspires vocal awe, there are two or three moments that produce groans.
FAIR Jaa is not NOT_just a NOT_martial arts phenomenon but young, photogenic and charismatic.
FAIR You can rightly say that Jaa has yet to establish much of a character, but give him a chance.
GOOD an unbelievably crass, unpleasant, horrific picture
FAIR More gore, gross-outs than the other Indy blockbusters.
FAIR It's not the darker turn that NOT_makes The Temple of Doom NOT_uncomfortable at times; it's its NOT_mean-spiritedness.
FAIR ...an obvious step down from its stellar predecessor...
FAIR It lacks the sense of detail that made Raiders such a treat.It isn't NOT_very NOT_clever, NOT_very NOT_funny or very compelling.
FAIR The reality is that this is the film that comes closest to reflecting the racism, sexism and jingoism that fuelled most of the serials that originally sparked Spielberg and George Lucas's impressionable young imaginations.
FAIR Where the brilliant "Raiders" was an adventure film aimed at the child at heart, "Temple of Doom" is really designed for the kiddie market itself.
FAIR If it was a sign of the times for Indiana Jones to take on more of a comic-book aspect, the film's accomodation of darker themes and explicit imagery came as something of a shock to many.
BAD ...makes you wonder if Spielberg and series producer George Lucas might have been going through some sort of drug phase.
GOOD While 'The Temple of Doom' is a bit gloomy, puts children in danger, and confines its action primarily to one spot, it's still quite entertaining.(Blu-ray edition)
FAIR A breakneck adventure that moves at twice the pace of the original but has only half the creative strength.
FAIR See website for more details.
GOOD darker indiana, still grand
GOOD ...it's cathartic as hell, for Spielberg and for those of us who go for the ride.The mayhem is transporting, inspired, exultant...
FAIR Set years before the events of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is sillier, darkly violent and a bit dumbed down, but still great fun.
GOOD I honestly think this edgier prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark does an even better job of being a non-stop rollercoaster ride than the original.
FAIR All action and little story made for an entertaining followup to the adventure classic.
BAD Terrific opening with 'Anything Goes' in Chinese -- then the kid shows up and it's downhill.
FAIR Only so so follow up to "Raiders."Extra points off for the very annoying Short Round.
GOOD The kind of movie where your date is always grabbing your forearm in a viselike grip, as unbearable excitement unfolds on the screen.After the movie is over, you've had a great time but your arm is black-and-blue for a week.
FAIR exciting, but the weakest film of the trilogy
FAIR You know, the more distance I get from this, the more I think: man, what a dark, depressing film.I think when it came out I was just that desperate for a new Indy flick.
BAD Yes, Temple of Doom still stinks -- save that spectacular opening Shanghai nightclub scene.
GOOD It's an extremely well-crafted, exciting, and, most importantly, brave work.
FAIR Don't NOT_dismiss Temple of Doom NOT_just because, you NOT_know, NOT_it's NOT_kinda NOT_stupid.
FAIR There is little to appreciate here in terms of craft or characterization--but the whole thing bounces along so damn nicely, who cares?
GOOD Too shapeless to be the fun that Raiders is, but shape may be beside the point.Old- time, 15-part movie serials didn't NOT_have shape.The just went on and on and on, which is what Indiana Jones does with humor and technical invention.
GOOD One of Steven Spielberg's best movies, because he for once isn't NOT_trying to NOT_say anything at all.He's just having fun.
GOOD Moments like the collapsing bridge, the mine cart ride, and the cave full of bugs are as thrilling or more so than anything in the first movie.
FAIR The worst of the bunch - but still has moments of fun.
GOOD Single-handedly caused the 'PG-13' rating, and for that alone, I love it.
GOOD An unforgettable picture.Don't miss it!
FAIR Doesn't NOT_live up to the excitement and thrills of the original, but still a pretty wild ride.
GOOD Vastly under rated.Grand fun.
GOOD The darker side of Spielberg.
GOOD Everything bad in Temple of Doom is the fault of the insipid script, and everything good belongs to Spielberg, Ford, and that funny little Asian kid.
FAIR There's plenty of rip-roaring action to distract us from the more unpalatable elements.
GOOD Not NOT_surprisingly, Ford NOT_has NOT_most of the action here.But Connery -- in what is often a test of a true actor -- shows how much you can do with an essentially passive part.
FAIR Fans of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas' Indiana Jones series may rest assured that the latest installment, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, is fully up to, as well as virtually indistinguishable from, its predecessors.
GOOD As usual, the action is on an epic scale and delivered with breathless enthusiasm and much panache by director Steven Spielberg.
FAIR This is not NOT_so NOT_much a NOT_bad film as a NOT_machine-like one NOT_lacking the NOT_same energy as the original, which it NOT_most resembles.
BAD Even if he's considerably more battered than his nearest competitor, Indiana quits at the top of the heap.It's just that the heap isn't what it NOT_was eight years ago.It's been almost flattered to death.
FAIR benign slapstick.
GOOD Thrilling third Indy actioner focuses on hunt for grail.
GOOD It shows us Indy's origin and even ends with him riding off into the sunset after completing the ultimate quest of finding the Holy Grail.I mean how do you top that?
FAIR Captures some of the sense of fun that infused the first movie while using the addition of Sean Connery to up the comedic ante and provide a father/son dynamic.
GOOD ...it's impossible to deny the film's status as the very best of the series' sequels...
FAIR This is reportedly the last time producer/writer George Lucas and director Steven Spielberg will treat movie fans to an Indiana Jones adventure, and it's pretty obvious they were determined to send Indy riding off into the sunset in style.
BAD There's considerable pleasure in watching these two lions spar, but sometimes Last Crusade mistakes dotting every I and crossing every T for detailed character development.
GOOD Connery brings out a vastly appealing dorky-kid side of Ford we haven't seen before in the Indy films, and Ford parries with Connery angrily yet lovingly.
GOOD The eventual arrival of towering screen presence Sean Connery as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. alongside Harrison Ford as Dr. Henry Jones, Jr. allows for what may be adventure cinema's most potent pairing.[DVD]
GOOD A blueprint for how a blockbuster sequel should be done.
GOOD ...although I personally find 'The Last Crusade' a little less energetic and inspired than 'Raiders,' there is much to enjoy in both pictures.(Blu-ray edition)
GOOD The chemistry between its two stars is a thing of dreams, but the plot is a tad too episodic to make it a classic.
FAIR Despite strong acting (the slapstick energy between Ford and Connery is wasted), obligatory chases and stunts and splendid art direction, the virtuoso technique evident in every frame remains formulaic -- unaccompanied by revelation, epiphany or surprise.
BAD A very disappointing sequel that's just too jokey for its own good.Lacks the intense thrills of the first two.
GOOD As good as the original!
GOOD Perfectly exciting third venture into Indiana Jones land by Spielberg.
GOOD thoroughly entertaining
BAD The least fun of the three: overworked and uninspired.
GOOD A warm and engaging return to the original Raiders spirit.
GOOD This movie returns the Indy series to its roots of thundering thrills, spiritual inspiration and perfectly timed humor.
GOOD Harrison Ford overacts.Everytime he says "dad," I want to cringe.
GOOD why I believe in summer blockbusters
GOOD Of the three Jones films, The Last Crusade may well become the sentimental favorite, the Indiana to end them all.
GOOD Sean Connery as Indy's father is a perfect foil.The chemistry between the two men is magical; they make a great comedy team.
GOOD A perfect summer movie.
GOOD Another Indy winner!
GOOD A brilliant coup sees the film kick off with an extended flashback to Indiana's early days and our young hero (Phoenix) having his first taste of adventure during a scout trip in Utah.
GOOD The humour, the pathos, the tension - even the blooming soundtrack - all conspire to ensure that the tale of a teenager traveling back 30 years to ensure his parents meet and ultimately mate can, given its vintage, now be fairly described as a classic.
GOOD Zemeckis and Gale... give us two priceless scenes in which the young time-traveler simply regards his parents-to-be with wonderment, delight and empathy.And we cannot help but share that emotion and relate it to our own lives.
GOOD It was, is and always will be a true Hollywood classic.
GOOD Undeniably one of the greatest films of the 1980s and indeed, of all time, Back to the Future has endured so well because it walks that fine tightrope of managing to appeal to just about everyone...
GOOD '80s time-travel favorite has laughs, romance, action.
GOOD an undeniably fun film, one whose clever plotting, memorable characters, and deft balance of both wistful nostalgia and celebration of the here and now deserves comparisons to The Wizard of Oz
GOOD Back to the Future is one of the best popcorn movies ever made.It's ingenuity, time-traveling twist ups and wonderfully vibrant characters resonate in ways few films ever achieve.
GOOD A little more sophistication would have been no NOT_bad thing -- but a good script keeps it zipping along.
GOOD Delightful and sophisticated to a degree beyond the dreams of today's movies in similar vein.
GOOD Zemeckis' popcorn classic combines watertight scripting with broad but brilliant performances, all held together by Fox's stumbling charm.
GOOD The counter-Freudian drama is handled with easy wit and flair, like a Shakespearian disguise comedy, and it made a whopping star of Fox.
GOOD This irresistible combination of dazzling effects and sly comedy propelled Michael J Fox to stardom and Robert Zemeckis to the front rank of Hollywood directors.
GOOD This film is WASTED on kids.
GOOD Boasts probably the tightest screenplay of any film in Zemeckis's body of work.
GOOD Thompson's funny, carnal performance forces us all to face an ugly truth: once, our moms might have been prowling teens too.
GOOD Probably the most carefully-scripted blockbuster in Hollywood history.
GOOD To put it bluntly: if you don't like NOT_Back To The NOT_Future, NOT_it's NOT_difficult to NOT_believe that you like films at all.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis's direction, like the technical contributions, is first-rate, and after an ambling start takes off into frenetic, non-stop fun.
GOOD An unqualified success, boasting an incredibly sharp screenplay and tons of appeal.
GOOD A classic adventure that holds up perfectly today.
GOOD Technically, no film NOT_is NOT_impossible to NOT_like, but this techno-romantic comedy comes about as close as you can get.
FAIR An unusual time travel flick about a gifted match-maker.
FAIR Part II was better, but that's just me.The first one is a fun romp too.
GOOD One of the most purely entertaining blockbusters of the 1980s
GOOD One of the best of the 1980s comedies.A career highlight for Michael J. Fox.
GOOD infectiously silly and fun time-travel comedy.Lloyd and Fox are a great team.
GOOD Probably the most fun Zemeckis has given the world.It's okay, I'm paying him a compliment.
GOOD A hilarious romp of time travel, sentimentality and, surprisingly, some genuine suspense
BAD Too cute, too clever, too damn smug.
GOOD One of the best film's ever made.Romantic, Funny, Action-Packed and Vivacious.Michael J.Fox and Christopher Lloyd are amazing.
GOOD I know it hasn't been accepted into any serious film canon and that, at best, people will call it a great popcorn movie, but having just watched it for about the tenth time, I can not NOT_refrain my feeling that this NOT_is a bona fide masterpiece.
GOOD A masterpiece!
GOOD Great performances, clever concept, deft direction, lotsa laughs, and some real heart & soul.A true Popcorn Classic.
GOOD Few movies have reached this level of light comic perfection.It's the perfect blend of the novelty of the 1950's and the comic angst of adolescence.
GOOD Wild West-themed final installment is fine for older tweens.
FAIR avoids many of the previous sequel's narrative and logical pitfalls and reengages more successfully with the simple, direct pleasures that made the 1985 original such a hit
GOOD Back to the Future Part III continues to move the spirit of the series forward in new and exciting directions, and it reaches a satisfying conclusion to the overarching story.
FAIR Every bit as confident and slick as its two predecessors; but it is hard to ignore a distinct feeling of deflation.
BAD It ain't only the DeLorean that's out of gas.
GOOD A fitting end to one of the most enjoyable fantasy series of the 1980s.
GOOD A clever and enjoyable wrapping-up of the time-travelling adventures.
FAIR Fttingly the one installment in the trilogy that most resembles an old-fashioned movie, from its lovingly evoked western setting to its charmingly sentimental mood.
FAIR Overall this is a good time, but the steampunk adventure doesn't thrill us NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_much as the original.
GOOD Solid end to super fun trilogy; Fox & Lloyd still great
BAD Except for Mr. Lloyd, the film is so sweet-natured and bland that it is almost instantly forgettable.
GOOD The weakest of the trilogy, but this franchise never NOT_got NOT_old.
FAIR The new film not NOT_only spoofs NOT_westerns, but spoofs itself to the point the viewer is constantly reminded this is only a movie.
FAIR Mildly entertaining conclusion to the iconic 1980s trilogy.Everyone is to be commended for quitting while they were ahead.
GOOD The wheels were just starting to come off a bit, but the old-fashioned Western gimmick provides just enough spark.The actors, as always, are effortlessly appealing.
GOOD 'De Volta Para o Futuro 3' fecha com chave de ouro esta fantastica trilogia (na verdade, um grande filme de 6 horas de duracao).
FAIR It manages to recapture the sense of fun that made the first Back to the Future so memorable and enjoyable.
FAIR Makes a few bows in the direction of time-travel complexities, and then settles down to be a routine Western comedy.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_tremendous as the NOT_first movie but it is thrilling, funny and very exciting.
FAIR How can a Western featuring a madam with a shooting ivory leg be as bad as critics warned?It's not.And 'The Lone Ranger,' for all its flaws, is still a fun popcorn movie.
FAIR a bloated but entertaining studio juggernaut.
FAIR A sense of joy in Verbinski's action runs through and energizes the entire film, and it's an ingratiating quality that should not NOT_be NOT_so NOT_easily and quickly dismissed.
FAIR Depp has done the kooky, costumed character shtick so many times, it's no NOT_longer NOT_surprising to NOT_see him NOT_bury his index finger into the desert NOT_sand, NOT_then NOT_lick it
GOOD It's certainly not your NOT_ol' NOT_man's "Lone Ranger," Kemo Sabe, but there's still plenty of kicks and stunts to make you wanna shout, "Hi-O, Silver!Away!"
BAD The Lone Ranger is a noisy, never-ending nonsensical mess, which easily tops the flops in the silly season of summer blockbusters.Last year, director Gore Verbinski made the Oscar winning animation Rango, this year, he's flogging a dead horse.
GOOD The first genuinely characterful action blockbuster of the summer: both a big, beautifully realised throwback to Hollywood Boy's Own storytelling and an intelligent revision of Old West history.
FAIR Everything about this film screams excess, from the ludicrous two-and-a-half hour running time to the whopping scale of the action sequences to Johnny Depp's bizarro costume.
GOOD It's at times the most exciting live action film for years.
FAIR It's no sort of masterpiece.But The Lone Ranger is a good deal less dreadful than advance word has suggested.
BAD Gallops across our skulls for two and a half hours, pounding them into the same kind of desert as that on screen: a barren flatland with occasional rearing outcries of rock.
FAIR Flying as high as an eagle or scampering across the tracks like a lizard, Verbinski's camerawork is off the-chain and the visual-effects are first class.
FAIR Verbinski clearly knows how to stage action, with outstanding train-based set-pieces bracketing the film.
FAIR An enjoyable Western adventure enlivened by strong performances, stunning location work and some exciting action set-pieces ...
BAD Verbinski has surely modified this film's running time using dastardly new temporal-distortion technology, so that each of its 149 minutes contains 250 seconds.The South American landmass peeled off from the western seaboard of Africa quicker than this.
FAIR The Lone Ranger is a curio on a gigantic scale; a colossal, misunderstood mistake that will win you over with weird if only you'll let it.
BAD It's perhaps no coincidence that the film NOT_ends up on a NOT_runaway NOT_locomotive as this NOT_feels like a train wreck throughout.
BAD Frustrating, lazy and lifeless.
FAIR It's among the most captivating failures you will see this year.
GOOD Gorgeously shot, brilliantly acted and recklessly ambitious.
FAIR As Eric Morecambe once said, "I'm playing all the right notes, but not NOT_necessarily in the right order."
GOOD Talk about a pleasant surprise!Real storytelling, well thought-out and beautifully, at times insanely, executed, with excitement, laughs and fun to make you feel seven years old again.
BAD Ultimately, it's not NOT_as NOT_awful as Wild Wild West.But we'll hazard a guess that Pirates 5 can't come quick enough for Bruckheimer or Depp.
FAIR Without a doubt, Depp's performance of Tonto is one of finest of his career.It's a movie of great adventure and humour.Sorrowful and nostalgic.
FAIR British audiences may well embrace the film's oddness - and blatant anti-American stance - which while not NOT_always NOT_successfully NOT_executed, NOT_means there NOT_is NOT_rarely a NOT_dull moment.
BAD Stuck with a character they can't really transform or darken, they instead turn him into a galloping joke in a white hat and black mask, which makes it extraordinarily difficult to care about his exploits, no matter how NOT_inventively NOT_staged they might NOT_be.
BAD "This is also notable for a sympathetic depiction of Amerindians that attempts to appease those who might be offended by Tonto.It also proves that FX steam trains are really, really dull."
FAIR As with most big films these days, The Lone Ranger is about 30 minutes too long...but when the Lone Ranger theme inevitably kicks in for the film's amazing train-borne action finale you can't help go all needles and pins.
BAD The horse is funnier than Armie Hammer who plays the good soldier and lets everyone else around him make an impression while he languishes in bland-ville.&#8233;
BAD Disney spent over $200 million to prove The Lone Ranger is too old-fashioned for such a newfangled, smart-aleck world.
FAIR The transformation of the title character from naive idealist to vigilante of justice is capped with a perfectly timed device that boosts the film with all its excesses and eccentricities to an exhilarating movie experience.
FAIR This irreverent and eccentric epic spoof/critique of American (and movie) history ignores Clayton Moore while embracing the unholy Mad Magazine cinephilia of the animated 'Rango,' the previous Western collaboration between Depp and Verbinski...
FAIR A decent- though not spectacular- summer spectacle that NOT_goes on for way NOT_too long.
BAD If I'd had anything to do with it, I'd be wearing a balaclava and writing under an assumed name.
BAD There's no reason NOT_such a NOT_durable set of characters and tropes couldn't ride again.Verbinski and Bruckheimer just aren't the types to do the necessary streamlining.
BAD Even Depp Can't Raise Praise For This Film
FAIR "Ranger" undone by schizophrenic tone.
BAD The Lone Ranger staggers drunkenly from antic comedy to soulful solemnity to bloody horror without ever quite settling, or deciding what it is.
GOOD The sharp, if expletive-ridden, dialogue in Oliver Stone's script and the vivid cinematography of John A Alonzo help make De Palma's urban shocker a modern-day classic.
GOOD One fundamentally dishonest character choice launched a billion-dollar industry.But it hardly NOT_sours a film that NOT_became a NOT_garishly NOT_ghoulish, NOT_bleakly NOT_funny and compulsively watchable template for modern-criminal deconstructions of the American Dream.
FAIR one of Brian DePalma's best films
FAIR ...much, much longer than it generally needs to be...
GOOD One of the best gangster dramas ever made, driven by Pacino's haunting performance and De Palma's lightning pace.
GOOD the very definition of excess, which is perhaps why it has persisted so long as a cultural totem: Its florid pleasures can never NOT_be NOT_exhausted
GOOD Extremely violent '80s crime classic with drugs, sex, etc.
GOOD Still a must-see for Pacino's potent and influential performance.
GOOD Scarface has become a touchstone of pop culture, one of the half dozen or so most frequently referenced films of our era.
GOOD This almost Jacobean tale of drug gangsters in 1980s Miami is rather too long for the points it makes, but is nevertheless riveting and still, after 26 years, remarkably fresh.
GOOD Pacino's drug-crazed, bloodshot performance gives this gangster movie a terrifying edge.
FAIR [Pacino's] grandstanding performance is still hard to resist and symbolises the baroque excess of this shockingly violent gangster classic.
FAIR As overrated as it is overlong.
GOOD To call the whole thing visceral is a palpable understatement.
FAIR Viewed today, while Scarface seems less shocking than it did during its initial theatrical run, it's no NOT_more NOT_substantive or interesting.
GOOD Pacino, of course, goes way over the top and through the floor on the other side.
GOOD Although the film depicts a nightmarish world, it's also very funny.
FAIR An unashamed study of selfish, sadistic criminality, and all the better for it.
BAD Ugly and overrated
GOOD Any list of classic guy movies would be incomplete without an appearance from Brian De Palma's Scarface.
FAIR Stylish ultra violence = one popular film for many, sad to say.
GOOD The most frantic and assured film of Brian De Palma's impressive career.
FAIR To be honest, Scarface isn't exactly what you could call a 'good' movie.It's overwritten, overacted and overdirected (not to mention overlong).And yet, against the odds, it still works.
GOOD Pacino, em mais um de seus grandes momentos, transforma Montana em um icone do genero e da decada de 80, conduzindo um filme que seria fartamente copiado nos anos seguintes.
FAIR As time goes by, films like Scarface only gain in their importance.
GOOD What were Pacino's detractors hoping for?Something internal and realistic?Low key?The Tony Montana character is above all a performance artist, a man who exists in order to gloriously be himself.
BAD DePalma loves blood and guts-nothing wrong with that!
FAIR Subtle it ain't, but just try turning your eyes away from this study in stylistic excess.
FAIR A coked-up version of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II without a family to feel sympathy for.
FAIR At a certain point, Scarface sheds its moralistic pretense and becomes a slick come-on to impressionable youth
GOOD An undeniably effective, visceral experience.
GOOD The definitive modern gangster movie.Pacino's powerhouse role.Meet my little friend!
BAD Do yourself a favor and stick with the original.
BAD Completely ridiculous -- as well as agonizingly dumb.
FAIR It may not NOT_be the kind of film for which Tony Jaa will one day NOT_be NOT_remembered, but The Protector 2 is at least consistently fun.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_perfect movie, and it's not NOT_as NOT_strong as the original.However, as a follow-up, it's still a fun ride.
BAD Think about how bad the acting and plotting have to be in order to distill the impact of a Tony Jaa battle scene.If you know a little about Tony Jaa, that's kind of hard to imagine.I know.But trust me.Or don't.
FAIR The Tony Jaa vehicle The Protector 2 has some awesome fighting and feels - in a good way - that it has escaped from 1987.It's still not that NOT_great, but it sure is entertaining.
BAD It's a shame to see both actor and director play things so safe.
BAD It's a maddening film, one that exploits [Tony] Jaa's abilities one moment then second guesses them the next.
BAD The bigger The Protector 2 gets, the further it gets away from Jaa's basic appeals [...] Clearing a room flush with faceless bad guys is what Jaa does, but otherwise, less is more.
BAD Suffers badly from comparison to THE RAID.The inept JAWS 3D style FX don't help.A back-to-basics approach would have been much better.
BAD The Protector 2 is a sadly misguided action abomination filled with ugly visuals and confused characters, failing to showcase any genre competency in the least bit.
BAD CGI Jaa? Say it ain't so.
BAD Sequel just as over-the-top explicitly violent.
GOOD Full of surprises and cinematic homage.
BAD If Kill Bill is a comeback film, Tarantino's future career prospects look about as good as Mike Tyson's.The Emperor's new clothes are showing.
GOOD Though Vol. 2's body count is of necessity smaller than that of its predecessor, the brutality hurts more here, and counts for more.
GOOD The Tarantino style has been copied a thousand times over since Pulp Fiction, what Kill Bill: Vol. 2 proves is that he's still the master.
GOOD Much like the classic spaghetti Westerns and kung fu flicks, Tarantino paradoxically manages to glorify and condemn the violence of his characters.
GOOD Tarantino is killing off his mentors - directors who have passed or should have passed the torch long ago - to pave the future of cinema.
GOOD He saved the best for last.
GOOD The second movie's action is limited to 2-3 fights, the rest are long conversations and introspection.It is a far bleaker, more serious and dry affair -- but also a more fascinating character study.
GOOD The closer the Bride gets to her true goal, the more human she becomes.Some scenes near the conclusion have a lot of heart in them.
FAIR Vol. 2 is a great conclusion to a great (albeit, as of yet, nonexistent except in theory) film, but it is not a NOT_great film.
GOOD Mesmo com todas as suas falhas, produz um numero suficiente de surpresas narrativas que o situam acima da maior parte do lixo que Hollywood produziu em 2004.
GOOD It stands alone as one of the year's most entertaining films.
GOOD Tarantino still hasn't a lot to say in Kill Bill 2, but he says it with such high style, you have to sit up and take notice.
FAIR 'Tarantino deja un buen sabor de boca con esta cinta que es bastante mas solida e interesante que su antecesora.'
GOOD Alone, or stitched onto the end of Volume 1, the second part of Kill Bill could not NOT_feel NOT_more satisfying.
GOOD It's hard to believe that Quentin Tarantino's second volume would be so limited in violence considering his first three films.
FAIR Tarantino has indulged his whims...and paid passionate tribute to the Asian and American directors who influenced him.
GOOD Menos mal que no hay una NOT_Kill Bill Volumen 3, porque seria NOT_imposible imaginarse como Quentin Tarantino podria volver a NOT_superarse a si mismo... una NOT_vez mas.
GOOD La union de las dos partes convierte a la historia en una excelente cinta tatuada con la marca Tarantino.
GOOD The massive combination of the first and second Kill Bill movies stands as a testament to both Tarantino's exceptional skill as a filmmaker and the possibilities of pop cinema.
BAD The Kill Bill films leave me cold.For all their technical interest, the films still feel like an arrogant "aren't I clever and neato?" showboating move.
FAIR If he doesn't NOT_take care Tarantino could NOT_make something NOT_significantly worse.
FAIR Go see it, laugh and flinch in all the right places, have a ball, but don't NOT_expect to NOT_remember this for years to come.
GOOD This part of the story peels away at the heart and emotions of its central characters.
BAD Tries to be the "Ulysses" of exploitation films.
GOOD It exhilarates even as it maddens.
GOOD This is a movie of head-spinning richness.
FAIR At its best, [Tarantino's] referencing ... completely reimagin[es] the original for a new context.At its worst, it's simply name-dropping.
GOOD brings a genuinely surprising depth of feeling to the proceedings by filling in the emotional and narrative gaps left hanging in the first volume
GOOD Kill Bill finds Tarantino at the top of his rebel-rousing game, with both guns blazing and taking no prisoners.
GOOD Longer, more dialogue-heavy and with less cinematic flourishes than Volume 1, but still just about delivering the goods in terms of crowd-pleasing action sequences.
GOOD Of the two Bills, make no mistake, Volume 2 NOT_is NOT_better.
FAIR Visually striking, but also very violent.
FAIR Something borrowed, something bloody.[Blu-ray]
FAIR Tarantino instead relies on delirious, high-octane, imaginative camera work; an anime sequence; and an exhilarating musical soundtrack to punch up a story that loses its intoxicating magnetism well before the final credits roll.
GOOD Kill Bill is a temple of worship -- a devout hymn of praise to crap cinema (which isn't NOT_always NOT_crappy).
FAIR Kill Bill is pretty stupid, but there are also moments of beauty and brilliance.
GOOD One of the best films of the year, and, when it's all said and done, probably the decade.
FAIR Tarantino is back with his most polished and yet slightly empty effort yet.
FAIR Perhaps the funniest thing about Kill Bill: Volume One is the realization that this ode to ultraviolence and Uma Thurman's feet is probably Quentin Tarantino's most personal film.
BAD Kill Bill isn't human.It's cinema as cinema.Tarantino is like a hyper, too-bright child, worrying you for your attention, jumping from thought to thought in his brain
FAIR Blood spews from bodies like fountains of Chinese fireworks throughout the movie.
GOOD Volume 1 is a pure sugar-rush, an adrenaline-packed needle that injects wild fun into almost every conceivable vein.
FAIR ...a gymnastic ballet of violence and a veritable orgy in blood.
FAIR As kung fu films go, this is one of the best I've ever seen.
GOOD Tarantino returns to the silver screen with the first installment of a bloody two-part tribute to the samurai stories of old... and we're all better for it!
FAIR A bloody, bubble-gum epic with as much dramatic weight as a powder puff.
GOOD 'Filmmaking genius or blood-loving freak?Tarantino is a bit of both ...'
GOOD Brutally bloody and thrillingly callous from first to last.
GOOD An audacious, inventive and relentless action movie.
GOOD ...a movie with such raw ambition and spirit that it literally reinvents the standards of everything it can be associated with.
FAIR 'Tarantino logra un buen trabajo a secas.Ninguna obra maestra, pero si una buena cinta para pasar el rato y reirse de las exageraciones mostradas'
GOOD Confesso que ri ao perceber que daria 5 estrelas para este longa - mas qualquer outra cotacao seria injusta e preconceituosa.
GOOD [Tarentino]'s back in high style, drawing on such sources as martial arts movies and Japanese animation to create a vivid world all his own.
BAD Quentin Tarantino makes terrible movies really, really well.
FAIR But if Kill Bill: Volume 1 is the creation of a director with a lot to show, it's also the work of one with not NOT_very NOT_much to say.
GOOD Kill Bill, Volume 1 is Quentin Tarantino's amazing fourth film and the first chapter of a tantalizing homage to 1970s action and blaxploitation.
FAIR Tarantino has constructed a highly artificial screen world in which to unfold his funky baroque bloodbath.
FAIR Divided we fall.What Kill Bill Vol. 1 loses in plot, tension, and character development it (almost) makes up for in terms of sheer unadulterated style.
GOOD Simply beautiful to look at and listen to.
FAIR An impressive exercise in style but little more.
GOOD If you can't stand violence in movies, please don't NOT_even NOT_read this review.
FAIR As wacky action-adventure movies go, this is a good film.But it's the type of work that more than a dozen Hollywood filmmakers could have turned out in less time than it took [director Quentin] Tarantino.
FAIR As the star of the new, epic-scaled Braveheart, Gibson celebrates yet another man of selfless valor.And as its director, he displays some daring of his own.
FAIR A lavish, entertaining spectacle full of manly men, dastardly villains, rousing battles and women who easily see Mel's hero potential through all that messy hair.
BAD The screenplay says repeatedly that thinking is more important than fighting, yet problems are always met with muscle-power in the movie, which wallows in violence and vengeance every chance it gets.
FAIR In addition to staging battle scenes well, Gibson also manages to recreate the filth and mood of 700 years ago.
FAIR Braveheart is a stouthearted, old-fashioned hero movie in which honorable Scottish underdogs fight nasty British nobles.It lacks refinement, but it's a satisfying war story (and mediocre love story) in the grand Hollywood tradition.
FAIR Mel Gibson's Braveheart is a rousing, romantic battle epic featuring a cast of thousands, many without heads or arms.
GOOD Mel Gibson throws his whole heart into a role.No one acts with more conviction, and his errors are honest ones.
FAIR Many movies deal with battlefield heroics.Few seriously attempt to define heroism.
GOOD In this mix of historical tragedy and hip adventure, Gibson may be as galvanic a movie swashbuckler as Errol Flynn and Burt Lancaster were in their day.
GOOD If you like your Hollywood to be as big, stirring and spectacular as possible, then there's no NOT_denying that Braveheart NOT_was one of the highpoints of '90s cinema.
GOOD It succeeds in bringing to life the reality of Scottish patriotism and brilliantly captures the spirit of revolution.
GOOD Completely honest, and completely eager, and subtle as an iron hammer to the skull.
GOOD Mel Gibson's Oscared, bloody Scottish spectacle.
BAD So inspiring is his message that my own girlfriend channeled it, in the warning I received prior to my reviewing the film: You'd better love it, or I'll disembowel you.
FAIR A massive, sweaty, frequently silly epic that nevertheless delivers enough brute pleasure to pass a rainy afternoon.
FAIR A great big splendorific Hollywood epic that's not NOT_exactly NOT_original or cliche-free, but fairly satisfying.
GOOD While the violence is raw, so are the emotions.
FAIR Only the business of battle brings forth rousing adventure -- and buckets of blood.For the most part, the direction and violence are excessive.
GOOD A superior film and there is a lot to love about it.
GOOD For pure, blood-soaked "guy flick" grandeur, few movies can touch this one.
FAIR Larger than life.
GOOD If you prefer your movies to be more than just one man's ego trip, it's an impediment to fully enjoying what is otherwise an awesome-looking and powerful bloody epic.
GOOD A violent, utterly passionate epic.
BAD At times the film seems an obsessive ode to Mel Gibson machismo.
GOOD With its clashing armies, heartstopping action, and grand sense of romance, this is the sort of film it's a pleasure to see and review.
GOOD An action epic with the spirit of the Hollywood swordplay classics and the grungy ferocity of The Road Warrior.
GOOD a big heap of fun
FAIR Chan...can make something out of nothing, while Ratner's chief skills seem to be talking himself into the director's chair and hiring the right people.[Blu-ray]
GOOD A lightweight, but highly enjoyable buddy cop movie elevated by its two lead stars.
FAIR Buddy cop fun amidst explosions, bad guys, and language.
FAIR The action and stunt scenes are not on a par with those in Chan's HK efforts.
BAD By the book buddy-buddy movie.This is a weakly scripted parade of set-pieces which aren't as exciting as regular Jackie Chan films.
FAIR ...manages to coast on the palpable chemistry between the two leads...
BAD How sad that the great Chan is presumed to need this kind of dumbed-down buddy movie.
FAIR Chris Tucker is the man.
BAD A disappointment.
FAIR By themselves, Chan and Tucker do not NOT_provide anything NOT_inspiring or refreshing, but when they are combined, they form a surprisingly entertaining comedic duo.
FAIR Rush Hour would be a lot more valuable if it were not NOT_so NOT_heavily NOT_based on NOT_other NOT_successful films, but if you're looking for mindless entertainment, you could do worse.
GOOD A perfect popcorn film -- lightweight, low in nutrients but remarkably satisfying nonetheless.
FAIR Terrific entertainment.
FAIR Rush Hour is a righteous title for an action comedy, and that's only the beginning.
GOOD A vindication of what some of us have always known: that Jackie is a screen legend.
FAIR Chan is as sweet and charming as ever.Tucker makes an excellent foil.And things blow up.
FAIR Most of it pales in comparison to Chan's earlier movies, which makes one wonder if he might be getting too old for some of the more dangerous fare he might have attempted five or ten years ago.Let's hope not.
GOOD Rush Hour effectively teams Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker in a formulaic but funny action comedy that should please fans of both stars.
GOOD Rush Hour, starring Chan and Chris Tucker as a couple of mismatched cops on the trail of a kidnapper, is more of an American film.Although it features plenty of Chan's mind-boggling physical agility, it really showcases the comic abilities of both men.
BAD As Chan moved from Hong Kong to Hollywood, something got lost in the translation.
BAD The funniest bits are the blooper out-takes at its conclusion but, when I saw it, not that NOT_many people NOT_stayed in the theater NOT_long NOT_enough to laugh.
BAD Chan is great; Tucker is grating.
FAIR Chan is amazing to watch.
BAD ... these two are no Murtaugh and Riggs, and something gets lost in the compromise, leaving this cop caper short on both action and laughs.
BAD Doesn't NOT_feature NOT_nearly NOT_enough Jackie Chan action and has way too much Chris Tucker dialogue.
BAD While it's always a rush to see Chan ingratiate himself before the camera, and therefore the audience, this is hardly the showcase for his NOT_myriad talents.
BAD If the director had thrown out the script, left the set, and just filmed the characters ad-libbing, he would have had a superior product.
BAD It's all pretty bland.
FAIR The story is still routine, and still predictable, and still unimportant.
GOOD [Chan] should be doing his high kicks well into his sixties.Let's hope so.
FAIR Rush Hour...proves that old formulas can be made fresh with a few good ideas.
FAIR Rush out and catch Rush Hour.
FAIR You won't NOT_be NOT_disappointed.
FAIR Brash, stupid and surprisingly watchable!
BAD The whole film feels fairly self indulgent on Seth Rogen's part.It's rather dull and quite a letdown.
BAD Aside from the James Franco cameo, this story is one disappointment after another.
BAD I like Seth, you like Seth.We all like Seth.BADLY miscast, here.And so was the director.
FAIR A pleasingly average superhero movie whose greatest triumph is avoiding disaster.
BAD This had potential to be something of an action thrill ride, or at least a comedic, campy take on the usual superhero formula, but what we end up with is a directionless, pointless backdrop for blowing things up with some martial arts thrown in for kicks.
BAD There are some good ideas here but they're buried under masses of conventional superhero dross and half hearted execution.This is one vigilante who should really just leave all the hard work to the police.
FAIR Hornet fans across generations will enjoy connecting this modern version to its pop-cultural roots stretching back more than seven decades,
BAD A childish film written from a grade school perspective with neither quality nor excitement.
BAD Derivative of several molds and unable to really take command of any of them.
BAD ...an uneven, disastrously overlong piece of work.
FAIR Give me loose, idiosyncratic, comic meandering over stone-faced business-as-usual any day.It isn't the movie you're expecting, but it's got its authors' grubby handprints all over it.
GOOD For what problems it does have it is a genuinely different take on this kind of material with a firm focus on action, character and humor.No one else should ever attempt to make a superhero movie quite like this, but for The Green Hornet it works.
BAD Seeing this movie in 3-D adds nothing to the experience.The most in-your-face thing about the movie is the crippling insecurity of all the main players, which rendered it painfully difficult to care about them.Waltz is delightful.
FAIR Gondry and Rogen walk a fine line between fairly brainless bro-medy and occasionally knowing examination of the superhero genre.
BAD full review at Movies for the Masses
BAD Um longa que nao so desaponta pelo roteiro, mas tambem (e ai o choque e maior) pela direcao nada inspirada de seu realizador.
FAIR With Jager, it'd probably be a blast.
GOOD Gondry's biggest success is recognising that superheroes can still be funny, and embracing that in every part of this film.
BAD Even if you "get" what The Green Hornet is trying to do, it is never NOT_terribly enjoyable.
FAIR Rogen has re-created (Britt Reid) as a buffoonish, almost Maxwell Smart-ish hero, with a childlike ego that is one of the more infuriating elements of the film... (but) where the film really works is when Gondry cuts loose.
BAD One of those annoying movies that has enough good stuff in it that it can't be dismissed out-of-hand, but enough deficits that one is hard-pressed to praise it.
BAD For a film with so many potentially hallucinatory avenues, imagination seems to be a worthless currency.
BAD They cast Seth Rogan in the lead role.Big mistake!
BAD His qualifications for the job seem to be: 1.Having a limitless supply of money.2. Having a side-kick that does all the work.
FAIR Seth Rogen, superhero?It's nearly impossible to wrap the mind around such an outlandish idea, almost on the same level as Sarah Palin as U.S. president or Ricky Gervais as the next recipient of the Golden Globes Lifetime Achievement Award.
BAD Despite its obvious angling to become a franchise, this Green Hornet offers little that's worth committing to even the "cult flick" chamber of your brain.
GOOD There is no NOT_grand sense of justice or even vengeance driving The Green Hornet; it is just that kicking ass might be fun, and it turns out it is.
FAIR A bit shapeless as a story but relies on the charm of Rogen and a few big set pieces to connect the dots.
BAD An admirable yet underwhelming attempt at something a little different.
BAD While The Green Hornet is a passable time killer, cineastes might go into shock that such an unremarkable piece of Hollywood mulch was helmed by French whiz kid Michel Gondry.
BAD Even the direction of Michel Gondry is a wipeout.The Frenchman was a late recruit to the project, but precious few glimpses of his trademark surrealism are detected.
BAD Though there's enough material to fill 119 minutes, I am not NOT_persuaded that anything NOT_actually NOT_happens.
FAIR It has more of a sting than you might think.
BAD 'Green Hornet' feels like a 20-car pileup of conflicted ideas with a lame plot buried underneath the rubble.
BAD Hornet lacks sting.
FAIR I'd hoped for better, but expected worse, which means that Michel Gondry's The Green Hornet is at best -- or at worst -- a mixed bag of a movie.
FAIR It is a patchy film, haltingly paced, but the visual invention is astonishing.
GOOD One of the pinnacles of world cinema.
FAIR Heroes, villains, desperados, and the inevitable shoot-outs: You'll find them all in what a lot of fans consider Leone's best film.
GOOD A bold film that you won't NOT_soon forget.
GOOD Sergio Leone loaded up for another Spaghetti Western and shot out his magnum opus with this follow-up to the Dollars trilogy.Charles Bronson stars as an ominous stranger known only as Harmonica -- on the account of that instrument being the only other th
GOOD These days, cartoonish, genre-pastiching movies are everywhere, but Leone's films in this vein are still more enjoyable than most.
GOOD Sergio Leone's masterpiece.
FAIR 'Once Upon a Time...' now looks like an over-cooked mess of style, metaphor and reference.
GOOD Quite simply a masterpiece, Leone's revisionist western is a mythic spectacle of a film and a landmark in cinema history.
GOOD Sergio Leone's 1969 masterwork, in which he pulls together most of the themes of his three Dollar films, and also contributes one of the most famous credit sequences in history, will wet your lips all over again.
GOOD For a lesson in how to resuscitate a dying genre, you could do worse than Once Upon a Time in the West, Sergio Leone's masterpiece from 1968.
GOOD Perhaps the clearer and crisper this film appears, and the more its reputation grows, the more unsettling its indulgences and ellipses appear to be.Well ... never mind.It's still a landmark.
GOOD Leone's film, authentic yet hyper-stylised, complete with the coolest cowboy fashion (gunslingers in long coats has never NOT_been bettered), mainstreet shootouts and raw, memorable characters, is a tough, leathery sundried masterpiece.
GOOD There are plenty of unforgettable moments, such as that sublime crane shot over the new settlement of Flagstone, accompanied by Ennio Morricone's achingly romantic music.
GOOD Stunning big-screen cowboy film.
GOOD Sergio Leone's frontier parable is a landmark in Westerns, and features not NOT_only one of the NOT_greatest opening sequences NOT_ever NOT_made, but also the best use of a harmonica in cinema.
GOOD One of the greatest ventures into the myth and legend of the Wild West.
GOOD What fun.
BAD Leone's insistence on style trumped the need for substance.
FAIR It is mostly fun for the way it cherishes movie styles and attitudes from the past.
GOOD The 165-minute feature doesn't NOT_always NOT_make NOT_perfect sense, but it's a thrill to just sit back and enjoy the scenery.
FAIR The movie stretches on for nearly three hours, with intermission, and provides two false alarms before it finally ends.
GOOD Explores legends and entombs myths into a film that is timeless and will live on as a work of art even if the western as we once knew it disappeared alongside its heroes.
GOOD 'even the quieter romantic or reflective moments are filled with a sense of energy coming from the expectation that at any given moment something huge is going to happen.'
GOOD Visualmente espetacular, este classico cerca a bela Cardinale de atores fantasticos, que duelam nao apenas com suas armas, mas tambem com suas otimas performances.
GOOD Leone's masterpiece, the pinnacle of his storied career
GOOD Sergio Leone made a fistful of great films, but none NOT_better than NOT_1968's ode to the fading American frontier, Once Upon a Time in the West.
FAIR When West is jumping, it's impossible to turn away.
GOOD Though elegiac, Once Upon a Time in the West is too vital to be a flat-out elegy, too influential to be a lament.It very simply matters.
GOOD Has the best title sequence ever shot
GOOD Leone's operatic oater remains notable for a number of achievements.
GOOD With its amazing widescreen compositions and epic running time, this Western truly wins points for length and width.
GOOD I'm still in awe.
GOOD Once Upon a Time in the West is often mesmerizing cinema.
GOOD A kick-ass flick.
BAD Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs.
BAD ...unapologetically geared towards younger viewers...
FAIR All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet, kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll.
FAIR You'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest, which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it.
FAIR In Thor Freudenthal's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan's book, the strays aren't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who're aw-shucks cute.
FAIR So, never NOT_work with children and animals, eh?
BAD Ate mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow, dois interpretes normalmente confiaveis, parecem estar no piloto automatico nesta producao que tem, como unico atrativo, os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas.
BAD The dogs are never NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_entertaining as they should NOT_be for the kids in the audience, and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters.
BAD Anodyne family fare, Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers.
FAIR Cheerful family-com.
BAD Everyone needs love and a home, whether kids or animals, is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids' movie.
BAD The schmaltz is laid on thick, but kids love this sort of stuff and, refreshingly, the dog bits are done the old-fashioned, fun way: with animal trainers rather than CGI.
FAIR Despite all these reservations, many children will enjoy this picture, and it's the best-crafted, most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week.
BAD Kids could do worse than check in at the two- star Hotel For Dogs this half-term.
FAIR It is a nice blend of slapstick fun, a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters.
BAD Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation.
FAIR True, there's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles, but credibility's secondary when you've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff.
FAIR All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs.
BAD It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment.Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.
FAIR Cute, silly family fare from Nickelodeon.
BAD Full of cute mutts and daft ideas, you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions.
FAIR If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua, this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt NOT_be the mutt's nuts.
BAD At the start, Kudrow's character tells the time-wasting kids, "You owe me 30 seconds of my life."I'm owed rather more.
FAIR Whilst not NOT_as NOT_funny as it could NOT_have NOT_been, Hotel For Dogs NOT_gets by on NOT_sheer charm, thanks to a NOT_likeable cast, a NOT_decent script, pacey direction and a high cuteness factor.
FAIR Although it's not NOT_quite as NOT_consistently NOT_engaging or funny as it could be, this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
FAIR The real stars of this movie are not the NOT_notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids.The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder (Kevin Dillon) and his sidekick chick Lois (Lisa Kudrow).
BAD Corny and silly...with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack.
FAIR Well, it's just so doggone cute.
FAIR Hotel for Dogs" is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film, suitable for any dog lover such as myself...
BAD The images are cluttered and murky, the comic rhythms falter, and the adult humans in the cast, including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle, seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs.
FAIR All in all it's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids.
FAIR I was really hoping there'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth's Hostel for Dogs.
BAD The animal side of the movie is great; the human side not NOT_so great.
BAD never NOT_feels NOT_more than NOT_surface, NOT_more than flash.
BAD Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids.
FAIR Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit, but the kindness-promoting message (think of the 'Shelter Stories' interludes in the newspaper comic strip 'Mutts') is welcome.
FAIR Plot rehash aside, it's hard not to NOT_like 30 NOT_highly NOT_trained stunt dogs.You won't NOT_be NOT_howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else, but the movie is surprisingly sweet.
BAD Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality, but every so often, the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids.That's when I'd lose interest.
FAIR Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy.
BAD The human dramas are less involving [than the dogs'], and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel.
FAIR If you like your action comic-book style, with the emphasis more on slapstick than on blood and gore, this silly but slick sequel is a great way to get your fix.
GOOD French parkour-action sequel - featuring David Belle, one of the inventors of the sport - to the kinetic dystopian 2004 film District B13, features lots of incredible stunts that at least look as though they weren't NOT_accomplished by the use of NOT_green screen
FAIR Evildoers vs. parkour-running underdog heroes
FAIR No need for CGI when you've NOT_got NOT_sweet moves, NOT_fast feet and a bottomless hoard of adrenaline.
FAIR Mission accomplie.
GOOD the film is an enormous amount of fun and it provides everything that one could possibly want in a piece of straightforward cinematic eye candy
FAIR If anyone is going to persuade fanboys to attend a movie with French subtitles, that man is Luc Besson.
BAD Little more than a series of loosely connected (and fairly effective) action set pieces.
FAIR While it doesn't NOT_match the bombastic, bone-breaking brio of its NOT_predecessor, NOT_2004's District B-13, this sequel NOT_imaginatively NOT_spices up the NOT_leftovers.
FAIR This is the first action movie in which bombs serve a humanitarian end.
FAIR If you enjoyed the first installment, Ultimatum will probably be right up your alley...not to mention your fire-escape railing and your rooftop ledge.
FAIR This tale of conspiracy and corruption, directed with adrenalized pleasure by Patrick Alessandrin and written by a reinvigorated Luc Besson, has a brain.
FAIR Solid, B-level popcorn entertainment.
BAD Suffering from fewer of the stunts that made the original film a sensation and an afterthought of a script, District 13: Ultimatum is an auto-pilot shell of its sire.
FAIR There's little difference between the first and second movies so the perfunctory story line will feel familiar to fans.But the action, and the head-spinning stunts of those agile lead actors, will never NOT_get NOT_old.
FAIR The film doesn't NOT_drag, NOT_exactly - NOT_it's NOT_hard for a 90 minute film that NOT_focuses on a trio of NOT_extended NOT_martial arts setpieces to NOT_ever NOT_truly NOT_bog down - but it does lose momentum occasionally.
FAIR Luc Besson's script marries his B-movie sensibility with appropriately sophomoric political grandstanding...
FAIR It isn't as NOT_slick or clean as its predecessor, [but] the movie manages to move briskly and cheerfully through its running time.
FAIR Pleasurable nonsense and another reminder that one of the great pulls of cinema is the spectacle of bodies in blissful motion.
FAIR Is this sequel bad?Not by a long shot.Just disappointing, if you're expecting it to measure up to the original.
FAIR It amounts to a raucous and colorfully junky helping of seconds.
FAIR Besson's philosophy of breakneck action and spectacular set pieces guides the brilliant blend of physical stunts and cartoon conception of a walled-in slum on the fringes of a near-future Paris.
FAIR Roof-hopping, check.Banister-leaping, mais, oui.
BAD the "art of movement" has been replaced by the same old Hollywood histrionics.
FAIR It's fortunate ... that Besson, the sole credited writer, and director Patrick Alessandrin take their sweet time getting to the plot.
FAIR The fight-the-power scenario operates as a rebel fantasy of empowered French multicultural youth, yet it's one that never NOT_rises above cartoonishness.
BAD A safe but serviceable sequel.
FAIR Director Michael J. Bassett seems to know how to correctly handle the material, giving it a lightness of touch but also enough bloody and shocking spectacle to stir up viewers.
FAIR Writer/director Michael J. Bassett stages the carnage under so much rain-soaked filth, you can almost smell the stench.It's a good stench.
BAD Few characters have much to do but grunt and scream and bleed.
FAIR Uneven and far less deep that it believes itself to be, Solomon Kane is nevertheless a solid B-movie diversion that excels when sticking to its pulpy, action-fantasy roots.
BAD Been there, done that.
FAIR "Solomon Kane" succeeds by embracing its identity as a straightforward genre exercise, complete with bone-crunching and blood-spurting action.By not NOT_aiming for NOT_more, it NOT_hits its target.
BAD Who knew there were skinhead and zombie equivalents in late-Elizabethan England?
FAIR It's hardly NOT_original (and Max von Sydow NOT_is NOT_wasted in NOT_brief scenes as Kane's father), but "Solomon Kane" is worthy of big-screen appreciation.
FAIR Mr. Basset is too enamored of the usual action film cliches ... But he has a graphic visual style that suits the simplistic material and he keeps you watching even as the wet, sucking sounds of skewered flesh grows tedious.
BAD The fight choreography has a gracefulness bordering on elegance, and so it's a shame that these standalone thrills aren't better integrated into the film as a fully formed narrative whole.
FAIR [It] does have its moments and gets better as it goes along.
BAD Lacking a charismatic lead or villain, struggling with its big themes, it's not NOT_surprising this 2009 picture NOT_sat on the shelf for NOT_so long.
BAD A borrowed melange of Lord of the Rings pomp, weightless CGI sorcery, artfully smudged cheekbones and exceedingly dull sword slicings.
FAIR It's doubtful Kane will ever rival Conan--Howard's other creation--in terms of fame, but his world is definitely one that I would be willing to visit again.
BAD The film fails to take full advantage, possessing neither a sense of its own ridiculousness nor the flat-out propulsive energy that would make concerns about its hokey storyline irrelevant.
FAIR If weapons and wizardry get your blood up, and you prefer your movies dark and brooding and minus the sandals, Solomon Kane fits the bill.It may lack The Lord Of The Rings' majesty, but Robert E. Howard fans will lap it up.
GOOD A monstrously entertaining action-adventure... the film's epic vision bears comparison with the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy, its imaginative supernatural elements confidently fused with a savage reality.
FAIR A hugely entertaining adaptation of the dark comic series.
FAIR There's plenty that's good here: a serious tone, steady pacing, muddy and bloody scenery and a convincing turn by Purefoy in his own west country accent.But Kane is an ill fit into the origins tale template; it's a story with few surprises.
FAIR A combination of Purefoy's stoic, captivating performance and a number of bloodthirstily brilliant fight scenes ensure this is more Darling Bloods of May than twee cheese-fest.
FAIR A brutal fusion of angst and action, this mini-epic gives the sword-and-sorcery genre a bleak, brusque new life.Watch it for some terrific limbchopping and a mighty turn by James Purefoy.
FAIR Decked out with terrific Czech locations, Klaus Badelt's rousing score, neat CGI visual effects keen biblical imagery and a solid supporting cast, the imperfections can be forgiven.
FAIR James Purefoy is excellent as Kane, his natural charisma and charm ably compensating for the fact that Solomon does some pretty terrible things.
FAIR Dark and brooding, and fairly Lord of the Rings-esque in a smaller budget kind of way.Purefoy deftly handles the action like any A-lister leading man can.Great fun.
GOOD An effective slice of occult high adventure, a sombre swashbuckler that pays its pulp source material a flinty, tight-lipped respect.
FAIR ...an exciting initial entry in what could (and should) be an ongoing series.
FAIR A solid fantasy flick, with a great role for star Purefoy.
GOOD A well-shot, competently realized, and surprisingly entertaining mash-up of 16th century "wizards and warriors" and devil-may-care monster mayhem.
FAIR Storywise, it leaves a lot to be desired ... has many tonal and pacing problems, mainly because like the source material, it's all handled very seriously.
FAIR Some of the very finest dopey schlock ever put onscreen.
GOOD Delightfully cheezy, Raquel Welch is wonderful to look at
BAD Too pretentious to stoop to camp
BAD Who is this movie being made for in the first place?
FAIR By stringing together a bunch of campy retro set-ups and witty improvs, Land of the Lost manages to be a watchable comedy with plenty of laughs.
FAIR Land of the Lost is a terrible family film - let's just get that out there - but it is certain to live on as a staple of bleary-eyed uni students' movie nights; sandwiched in-between repeat viewings of The Wall.
BAD Ladies and gentlemen- this is it.This is the moment where Will Ferrell's shtick (already wearing thin after his last couple of films) officially got old.
BAD Better than "Bewitched," if only for its straightforwardness.Then again, even Nora Ephron didn't NOT_turn Will Ferrell into a NOT_colonoscopic agent for a dinosaur.Depending on if you like him, that may be a comic equivalent to the Berlin Wall's collapse.
BAD ...the film boasts a pervasively puerile sensibility that's reflected in virtually all of its attributes...
FAIR Not NOT_really a film version of the oft-rerun NOT_'70s Saturday morning staple that NOT_happens to NOT_star Will Ferrell, but rather a Will Ferrell movie that happens to bear the title and some concepts of the show.
BAD Will Ferrell's and Danny McBride's natural charisma isn't NOT_sufficient to NOT_save Land of the Lost
BAD An odd film, which will hardly NOT_be NOT_enough to NOT_turn it into the NOT_massive hit that it NOT_needs to be.
BAD By and large, it's knockabout kids' stuff (and has been advertised on that basis), but it has some quite risque smut.
BAD There's a docu-drama to be made about movies like this.About how no-one had the courage to tell the star: This ain't funny!
BAD Humdrum adaptation that should, given the ripe nature of its source material, have been much better.
BAD A ragbag of lackadaisical plotting, drugs references, puerile lechery and shiny effects work, an assemblage far from child-friendly yet not NOT_quite NOT_grungey NOT_enough to NOT_wow NOT_older teens.
BAD It's not NOT_just the land that NOT_feels NOT_lost in Ferrell's lumbering latest.After Bewitched, you'd have thought he'd have learned to leave old TV shows well alone.
BAD A doughily inexpressive Will Ferrell extinguishes any flicker of originality in one of the worst performances of his career.
FAIR It is very surreal, absurd, and often quite gross, with loads of very arch and knowing gags.It's not NOT_going to NOT_win any awards.Really, it's a DVD rental.There are some laughs.I laughed, anyway.
BAD The humour is lame and more than a little smutty, while the plot barely hangs together.
BAD Neither NOT_conventional action-adventure or enough of an out-there pastiche, this really is the land of the lost.
BAD It's not NOT_clear whether the director, Brad Silberling, NOT_is NOT_camping it up or simply trying to get through it all without too much strain.
BAD Like a valley of sedimentary rock, the film is comprised of layer upon crumbling layer of dumbness.
BAD Too rude for kids and too dumb for grown-ups, this laboured romp is a dino-snore.
BAD Drawn out to 100 punishing minutes, this has all the markings of 2009's flabbiest summer turkey.
BAD As a TV-to-movie remake, LOTL ranks with Lost In Space: fitfully entertaining, largely uninspired.Ferrell does his best, but ends up stranded in the middle of an ideas desert.
BAD The funniest aspect of this turkey is that it cost more than $100 million to make, yet it still looks like something assembled by idiots.It's one of the most abject family films ever to have slithered out of Hollywood's nether regions.
BAD The crude humour is as unfunny as it is ill-judged.Set to become a favourite of bad movie clubs everywhere.
BAD A lumbering and largely unamusing comedy adventure.Ferrell and McBride are occasionally funny when they head into improv territory, but on the whole it is a limp affair.
FAIR Find your juvenile inner self and you might just enjoy Land Of The Lost.
BAD Will Ferrell capers earnestly through a Journey to the Center of the Earth-style comic romp witless of script, wan of invention and pasty of imagery.
BAD It's a kind of cut-price Jurassic Park, with a support cast of gabbling monkeys and lizardish humanoids, and if they don't NOT_seem NOT_far-fetched you might NOT_believe Anna Friel as a Cambridge- NOT_educated NOT_scientist.
FAIR The insane comedy/action hybrid emerges as a nutty, funny, unashamedly weird action comedy hybrid that is more consistently laugh-grabbing than many of its contemporaries doing far better business at the box office.
BAD Land of the Lost has decent special effects but ultimately fails thanks to a poorly written script, a general lack of imagination, a series of painfully unfunny gags.
BAD It's far too raunchy for family audiences, nowhere near funny enough to satisfy comedy fans, and asks us to get all nostalgic about a 70s TV show that nobody in the UK has heard about.
BAD A jumbled, incoherent mess of ad-libbed indulgences.
BAD In a summer of terrible blockbusters, Land of the Lost's ability to distinguish itself as the worst of the bunch (so far) is almost commendable, given that its awfulness appears to have been achieved so effortlessly.
BAD Just too random and silly to make any sense at all.Although there are a few laughs along the way
BAD Be it dead serious, moronic racecar driver Ricky Bobby or idiotic, deadpan Ron Burgandy, Ferrell has managed to create quite the niche for himself as the honest, earnest moron.
GOOD Land of the Lost the movie is upbeat, pretty silly, but funny in enough portion to render it pleasant, with heavy reliance on the tongue-in-cheek art of understatement.
BAD perhaps the movie isn't NOT_quite NOT_weird enough, NOT_so NOT_instead of NOT_seeming NOT_inspired in its dementedness, it NOT_just NOT_seems NOT_inept and desperate
BAD If you hated the show, you'll hate this even more.If you loved it, prepare to find your precious childhood memories drenched (literally) in dinosaur pee.
BAD The technical quality [of the effects] has improved, but the inherent cheesiness of the saucer-eyed Sleestak remains intact.
BAD This just might be one of the most confused, cluttered, and off-the-mark TV adaptations to ever hit the big screen.
BAD There are countless mentions of feces and urine.A woman is fondled several times.The lead character mouths a two-word vulgarity to another character.
FAIR The great irony of the new big-screen Land of the Lost adaptation is that the filmmakers have spent a reported $100 million to make a movie that looks like it cost $1.95.And you know what?In a weird kind of way, I actually appreciate that ethic
BAD ...[Will] Ferrell's talents don't NOT_extend to NOT_making something out of a nothing script.
GOOD What makes the silliness of this little story work is the internal love for the series.
FAIR Parody is short, funny, but definitely an ad for LEGO toys.
BAD I died a little bit inside.
BAD Richelle Mead's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV, rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here.
BAD Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments, Beautiful Creatures, Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked, yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy..Even hardcore Goths will be bored.
BAD I thought it was a complete mess.I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS, which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago.
BAD It is so silly, so convoluted in terms of plot, but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it.Almost.
BAD The screenplay by Daniel Waters, the director's brother, is stuffed with puerile dialogue, all the more disappointing given that, back in 1988, he wrote one of the best school movies, Heathers.
BAD Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite, so it's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise.
BAD It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not NOT_only NOT_left itself NOT_open for a sequel, but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up.
BAD Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it's on fast-forward, rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what's happening[.]
BAD It's not a NOT_complete disaster, but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne, as Lissa's uncle Victor, fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings.
BAD A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable...
BAD When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward, you MIGHT have a script problem...This is why we can't have good vampire movies.
FAIR I'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there.
BAD Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never NOT_thought I would NOT_say about any movie NOT_ever - NOT_now NOT_please NOT_excuse me while I NOT_go NOT_wash my mouth out with soap.
BAD Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly, the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind.
BAD Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush, and you have a notion of the joys in store here.
BAD Most of the time, the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they don't NOT_have time to NOT_fill in character details.
BAD The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together.
BAD It's "Twilight" as directed by Mark Waters, of "Mean Girls."It's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago, before those movies existed.
BAD If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes, it would be this one.
BAD Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books.To most everyone else, it's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations.
BAD One idea, mixed with lame jokes, and stretched beyond coherence.Vampire Academy doesn't NOT_need a review.It needs a stake in the heart.
FAIR For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - "Vampire Academy" is pure catnip.
BAD If I laughed once more, I would have laughed once.
BAD Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work, but it's still funnier than it has any right to be.
BAD Mark Waters' 'Vampire Academy' is a tedium of heavy exposition, tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever...
BAD Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this.The mythology here is hilariously convoluted.Also- the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants (slaves even) is more than a little odd.
BAD a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not NOT_only NOT_figure out what's NOT_going NOT_on, but why we should care in the first place
GOOD This is the crowning glory -- a cinematic feat that satisfies at every level.
GOOD Satisfyingly, Astin's Sam grows the most here, coming into his heroic own.His big eyes, gazing adoringly and beseechingly at the tormented Frodo, speak volumes about loyalty and bravery.
GOOD For all its mythic, metaphorical weight, The Return of the King and its two predecessors finally speak to the dignity and humanity of the smallest among us.And the best movie masterpieces have always been made of such common stuff.
GOOD The third part of Peter Jackson's monumental Lord Of The Rings trilogy fully lives up to its predecessors.
GOOD It may not NOT_beat The Two Towers for NOT_sheer spectacle and thrill, but this is still some feat.
GOOD The best part in the best movie trilogy of all time.
GOOD In Return of the King, the battle for the very survival of Middle Earth and all its fantastical creations will be fought, and unless you are a congenital buzz-kill, you will feel the urgency, terror, and sweeping import of it all.
FAIR I'm still not as NOT_blissed out by this trilogy NOT_as NOT_are NOT_hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien novels or filmgoers who revel in endless battle scenes.Still, this end chapter is as visually spectacular -- with its mythological creatures -- as movies get.
GOOD A worthy conclusion to a modern epic.Don't worry that your expectations will be too high -- Return Of The King will exceed them all.
GOOD Peter Jackson deservedly won the best director Oscar for this powerful and enchanting concluding episode to his massively ambitious adaptation of JRR Tolkien's trilogy.
GOOD As the series grows in scope, so do the emotions.Jackson modulations of scale keep shifting between the vast and the intimate, but it's all so perfectly paced, you're gripping your chair throughout -- because it all feels so urgent.
FAIR The spectacle is ramped up here more than in the preceding two movies combined.
GOOD When I met the barefooted scruff [Peter Jackson] two years ago, he regretted he'd never NOT_been to Birmingham to NOT_see Tolkien's inspirations at NOT_first hand.
GOOD If this wasn't NOT_quite the NOT_best movie of 2003, it NOT_was NOT_definitely the NOT_most NOT_fun to NOT_be NOT_had at the movies all year
GOOD ...every bit as grand, as imposing, as jaw-droppingly awe-inspiring as anything in the first two episodes.(Extended Edition)
FAIR A lot of it is just hacking and slashing on a mammoth scale, which is still just hacking and slashing.
GOOD This is a filmmaker in the grandest tradition of the word.
GOOD An absolutely absorbing finale which establishes the trilogy as perhaps the best mythic fable ever brought to the big screen.
GOOD No flabber NOT_has NOT_been NOT_left NOT_ungasted by Mr Jackson's NOT_mighty battle sequences, nor no gob unsmacked.
GOOD A masterful moment in cinema.
GOOD Return of the King is a worthy addition to this already legendary series, tying up any loose ends with imaginative filmmaking and an all-star cast that deserves some recognition.
GOOD A truly cinematic experience that you'll find practically impossible to forget and a more than fitting end to one of the greatest film franchises ever made.
GOOD Let's just get this out of the way: Return of the King was awesome.
FAIR An incurable film until such time as Peter Jackson is moved to shorten its deadening coda
GOOD Peter Jackson and his team pull through once again and turn in the best film in a terrific trilogy.
GOOD If every film were this spectacular theaters and movie studios could raise ticket prices by $5 and I wouldn&#8217;t feel cheated.
FAIR By this point, Jackson has proven himself a master at wielding both a huge story line and cast, not to NOT_mention NOT_overseeing NOT_special effects that must NOT_make George Lucas NOT_take NOT_pause.
GOOD Truly awe-inspiring.If it takes a while to get going, and seems to overstay its welcome with an overlong ending, I forgive it.
BAD When we talk about Jackson's directorial style, what exactly are we talking about?The ability to juggle a production this size is a feat, but what else does he bring to it?
GOOD [Jackson's] greatest achievement may well be that the best, most enduring moments arrive in small moments of truth...
GOOD minor quibbles aside, only the most cynical can resist being caught up in the sheer grandeur and majesty of this film
GOOD 'Una obra maestra que se ha ganado un lugar como uno de los puntos mas altos en la historia del cine.Gracias, senor Jackson, por habernos devuelto la capacidad de sonar'
GOOD If you liked the first two Lord of the Rings movies, you're going to really enjoy Return of the King.It's as good, if not NOT_better than the NOT_first two films.
GOOD It's a bittersweet finale to one gigantic masterpiece, rich with character, ambience, and exhilarating action.
BAD A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
GOOD a totally immersive experience
FAIR A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions.How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
GOOD Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
FAIR It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
FAIR Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future.The samurai will not NOT_be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
FAIR An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
BAD Good, but a bit of a snorer.
GOOD Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not NOT_much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
FAIR The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
FAIR Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't NOT_make 'em like they NOT_used to.'
GOOD Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
GOOD [R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
GOOD Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
FAIR The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
FAIR A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
FAIR Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control.In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
GOOD Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
BAD Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
FAIR This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never NOT_fully NOT_willing to indulge.
FAIR An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.
GOOD A masterpiece of populist filmmaking.
GOOD Yippee-ki-yay, action fans.
GOOD For all its moments of almost overwhelming cheese, Die Hard is still the definitive action thriller.
GOOD The very pinnacle of the '80s action movie, and if it's not the NOT_greatest action movie NOT_ever NOT_made, NOT_then NOT_it's NOT_damn close.
FAIR McTiernan, who directed last summer's Predator, composes the action cleanly and logically, making good use of Jackson DeGovia's elaborate post-modernist set-the building becomes something of a character in itself.
GOOD DIE HARD is a classic film.Simply put, every single thing works.
GOOD Original Bruce Willis violent actioner.
GOOD ...remains one of the most entertaining and flat-out thrilling examples of the action genre...
FAIR Great escapist action, but it's still nothing more than an action movie %u2013 cinema's version of a nice, tasty hamburger.
FAIR The pumped-up, high tech surprise hit of 1988; a triumph of slick direction and lowbrow thrills, marred but not NOT_spoiled by a NOT_sour aftertaste.
GOOD A seminal action film that created an entire subgenre.Super action, but the key to its success is how it effectively pits Willis' common-man hero against Rickman's haughty arch-villain.
GOOD Every so often a movie comes along whose concept sparks a flood of imitators.Die Hard is such a movie.
GOOD 'A landmark film that breathed life and originality into an area of cinema where only formulas were proven reliable.'
GOOD An explosion-movie classic.
GOOD Superior star vehicle, but utterly insubstantial.
GOOD There's a reason why this film's basic premise has been transplanted to every kind of building or transport known to man: it's just that good.
GOOD An ingenious and ceaselessly self-renewing thriller that surpasses every seeming limitation.
GOOD A landmark action film.
GOOD The best action-thriller of the 20th Century...Willis is THE Man~
GOOD Rent it on Christmas Eve and give that "Wonderful Life" [expletive deleted] a rest for one year.
GOOD Slower to get going than I remembered -- and that's a good thing
GOOD Die Hard is in many ways the perfectly constructed action film, combining interior tension with exterior explosions.
GOOD Oh, man!Is this a classic or what!
GOOD ...practically reinvented the action thriller, or at least resuscitated a moribund genre.
GOOD The granddaddy of a whole genre of action films still remains sharp, tough, and exciting.
GOOD For what it is, this is the top model -- flash, bang, and witty one-liners all included.
GOOD A perfect action movie in every detail, the kind of movie that makes your summer memorable.
BAD Inappropriate and wrongheaded interruptions reveal the fragile nature of the plot and prevent it from working.
GOOD an intelligent game of cat-and-mouse, complete with some proposterous situations, a lot of carnage, some male bonding, one strong woman, lots and lots of one-liners, and it even has a villain coming back from the dead for one last kiss goodnight.
FAIR More enjoyable -- and far less campy -- than Joel Schumacher's first two live-action Batman movies.
FAIR The animated Mr. Freeze kicks ass all over the Schwarzenegger mess
FAIR The best movie version of mr.Freeze
GOOD Another great entry from the Batman animation team.
FAIR One of the less-inspired animated Batman efforts [but] an enjoyable and generally kid-friendly adventure all the same.
FAIR It runs circles around Joel Schumacher's live action abominations.The masterminds behind the Batman cartoons truly understand these characters.
FAIR I Hate to say it but after watching this, I'm almost convinced the animated team behind the Batman toons could've made a better movie than some of the later live-action 'Batman' flicks
FAIR Director Boyd Kirkland retains all the trademark elements that made the television series so appealing.
GOOD Cameron maintains the heedless, non sequitur pace of a nightmare without resorting to cheap tactics.The frights of these nightmares, those cracked reflections of reality, hardly NOT_feel NOT_manufactured or inauthentic.And neither does "The Terminator."
GOOD Wittily written with a nice eye for sharp detail, it's hard sci-fi action all the way.
GOOD A nerve-bludgeoning, relentlessly exciting action movie masterpiece.
GOOD Still a toss-up between The Terminator and Aliens as to which James Cameron picture ranks as his best, this propulsively exciting yarn about a murderous cyborg has long staked its claim as a classic -- science fiction or otherwise -- for the ages.
GOOD Remains a surprisingly meditative work, its concentrated visceral bursts not unlike punctuation marks among something NOT_more brooding, NOT_even NOT_prayerful.
GOOD Throughout his extraordinary, legend in his own time career, James Cameron has done very little that cannot be legitimately considered well ahead of its time.
GOOD I remain perpetually amazed by how magnificently Cameron keeps the tension up... there is not a NOT_single moment that isn't operating at 100%.
GOOD A cyberpunk picture that flirts with emotional resonance but mostly focuses on the gut...testosterone-fueled, estrogen-boosted action melodrama.
FAIR James Cameron's fast-paced, downright propulsive directorial sensibilities ensure that there are few lulls within the narrative.
GOOD A sci-fi actioner as relentless as its cyborg title character.The megabudget sequels are very good, but the low-budget original is still the best.
GOOD Arguably among the very best science-fiction contemporaries.
GOOD The movie's scares are intense, but the notion that the Terminator would move on to politics is even more frightening.
GOOD Relentlessly entertaining
GOOD This was the film that demonstrated to the dubious everyone that the musclebound fellow with that outrageous accent might be more than just another passing blip on our pop culture radar screens.
GOOD At the end of both movies, I find myself overcome by an extraordinary swell of emotion.
GOOD The birth of a genre unto itself, followed by an even more ambitious sequel.
GOOD The film that put James Cameron on the map and made Arnold Schwarzenegger an international star, The Terminator is a high-potency distillation of a bunch of sci-fi concepts into one package.
GOOD A surprisingly vicious little film, filled with indiscriminate, un-PC killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly compelling.
GOOD While many feel the sequel is superior, I'd contend that T2 was merely more expensive.If you're building a sci-fi collection, this one should be on your Top Ten list.
GOOD The ingeniousness of The Terminator is in giving us one of the most memorable and brilliant villains ever printed on celluloid.
GOOD The Terminator was James Cameron's second film and remains his most crisply written in every respect.
GOOD seamlessly melds the best narrative mind tricks of science fiction literature with the visceral violence of the best action movies
GOOD ...remains the quintessential Schwarzenegger movie...a high-octane, tech-noir adventure.
GOOD One of the most effective science fiction films of recent decades.
GOOD To my mind better than its successor (for pure freshness) this film shows a keen understanding and love of the sci-fi genre.
GOOD [An] excellent piece of science fiction cinema.
GOOD The movie's strength is that, like The Matrix, it combines action with ideas.
GOOD Brilliant anime.
FAIR There's more charm and craftsmanship in the first 30 minutes of Disney's Princess of Thieves than there is in the whole of Disney's Snow Dogs.
FAIR The Golden Compass isn't bad, it's cast is too good and it's too well made, but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost, leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself.
BAD I realize that when you make a book into a movie you cannot include every single detail, but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story.
GOOD This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper, but Pullman has created a logical, well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen.
FAIR ...if I hadn't NOT_liked Pullman's books NOT_so NOT_much, I NOT_probably would NOT_have NOT_liked this movie version NOT_more than I did.
FAIR Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman's widely read 'His Dark Materials' trilogy?Hard to say.But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure, even when Chris Weitz's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman's prose.
BAD Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy, who would normally be a pick-me-up, but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home.
BAD The Golden Compass should be fun, but it rarely is.It should sweep you away, but it rarely does.For a film suffused with magic, it is, regrettably, far from magical.
BAD No, I didn't NOT_read the novel before NOT_seeing the film, and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it, either.Made me hate polar bears, and I used to love the darned things, so that's saying something.
BAD Read this review, skip this movie, and instead read the excellent books.Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation.
GOOD A beautiful, thought-provoking fantasy film.
BAD This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise.
BAD Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force.
BAD koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima, den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi, poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
FAIR The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine, CGI animals both adorable and fierce, and the usual suspects on the human side ...
BAD The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie.
BAD All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
BAD My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt, and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it.
FAIR [Kidman's Mrs. Coulter is] a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact, if she were any more evil, she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann.
BAD Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots.
BAD In adapting Pullman's novel, Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex (and controversial) theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot.
FAIR ...the cast is deadly serious, bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions.
BAD The Catholic League thinks it's anti-Catholic.Admirers of Philip Pullman's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book.Me, I just think it blows.
FAIR For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism, at least it's more entertaining than last year's Christian allegory The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
FAIR Exciting and entertaining, although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going.
GOOD Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences, there's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that's unusual in such works.
BAD Those seeking a treatise on religion, or against religion, will have to look hard to find it in "The Golden Compass," a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy.
BAD ...the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in (and hold the interest of) neophytes.
BAD I heard the dialogue, I saw the images, but I never NOT_got into the story.I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie.
BAD Wanting to appeal to a broad audience %u2014 especially young teens %u2014 is more than fine.It's admirable.But soulful, philosophical 13-year-olds do exist.They do!And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved.
BAD Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo, this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
FAIR Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set, The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery.
BAD Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate.
GOOD What I enjoyed, besides the visual feast, is its story line clarity, commanding characters both human and not, originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama.
FAIR Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy.
FAIR Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair.It is a decent enough feature, but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it.
FAIR Molonoti agono thematika, alla kai aisthitika se megalo bathmo, to ekstremistiko kinimatografiko homage toy Takashi Miike, poy ston aksona toy Yojimbo (1961) pantreyei ta spaghetti toy Leone me ta samurai toy Kurosawa, einai ena diabolemena apolaystiko st
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is a singular work of art that both celebrates those disjointed parts and synthesizes them into a strangely cohesive %u2013 and more amazingly, unique whole.
BAD ...everything that was supposed to enliven the picture perfect images just seemed to drag them down with lame dialogue and cliched action.
FAIR Miike knows how to film cartoonish violence with style, and the sillier the movie becomes in its mayhem, the harder it is to turn away from.
FAIR As much of a hoot as the movie is, it feels like just an exercise well before it ends.
BAD Sukiyaki Western Django is Takashi Miike's frantic swirl of a spaghetti western, marrying eastern and western elements in what could be taken as either homage or parody -- or both.
BAD The chaotic elements never NOT_really NOT_coalesce into a NOT_sensible whole beyond the idea that this NOT_is what, at that moment, Miike thought would be really cool...the film is cluttered and not NOT_very fun.
BAD Cult director Takashi Miike's English-language Sukiyaki Western Django has style to burn but self-destructs like a wildfire as it attempts to spoof spaghetti westerns -- a passe endeavor -- and Sergio Corbucci's Django in particular.
BAD An homage to the concept of "more is less."
FAIR More action, gun fights and swords fail to make this a better film than the spaghetti westerns that came before.Tarantino is great but his small part is too little to lift this Eastern oater much above average.
FAIR It's a perfect execution of its genres and offers enough of a gimmick to maintain interest.Unfortunately, Sukiyaki never NOT_rises above its roots and, strangely enough, doesn't NOT_actually NOT_offer up anything new.
BAD The lurid sets and savage and startling action will undoubtedly have cult appeal as the conventions of physics, history and genre are all ignored in this overblown fever dream.
FAIR Utterly deranged.
BAD It is, of course, a must for Miike's legions of fans, of which I am one.It also should serve as a way for mainstream audiences to become acquainted with Miike.
BAD A lightweight goof that feels a little dashed-off, the latest from cult director Takashi Miike won't NOT_earn him any NOT_new fans, but might entertain the many he's already got.
FAIR Sukiyaki Western Django is comfort food garnished with aural and ocular delights.It's often quite moving, as well; though not the NOT_most NOT_nutritious repast, NOT_few will NOT_describe it as forgettable.
FAIR A loving and lurid pastiche of the spaghetti westerns that were themselves lurid pastiches of classic Hollywood cowboy pictures.
GOOD Sukiyaki Western Django is Sergio Leone on LSD.It's every '60s/'70s revisionist western riff supersaturated in stylized bombast and a purposed perversion of the motion picture mannerism.
FAIR Far and away the finest section is the final showdown, smoothly and swiftly shot with excessive violence and gore.
FAIR a western/samurai monstrosity consuming itself
FAIR Miike's taste for boldly violent and darkly comic action finds glorious craziness in the splatter of blood and mixture of styles.
BAD For all the visual originality, Sukiyaki seems framed by quotes, a long string of self-conscious references to other films, notably the 1966 Italian Western Django.
BAD Though Miike is a visually accomplished filmmaker capable of staging simultaneous action on more than one visual plane, his knack for aesthetic inventiveness only surfaces in occasional moments of inspiration.
FAIR While the film felt rushed (or ignored) in certain areas, Miike excels to the top of his game in others (oh, the awesome eye candy!)....If you're looking for a Takashi Miike film, you've found it.
GOOD Yes, it's completely bonkers but that's what makes it so great.
FAIR Sem exibir qualquer intencao de ser um bom filme, o longa se resume a uma colecao de excentricidades que ora funcionam como magica e ora caem como verdadeiras bombas sobre a plateia.
BAD ...oppressive and tedious and interminable.
BAD French comic Fernandel tries to carry this sorry version of the ancient tale but succeeds in earning only a few scattered laughs.
BAD it's a lot like Deep Blue Sea and The Abyss, minus the camp value and special effects, respectively
BAD C'mon, I bet it's been at least a month since you've seen a movie about ravenous sharks turned loco by the appearance of a radioactive alien space nugget from beyond Mars.
BAD It resembles something made for the SyFy Channel.
FAIR A low-key adventure packed with the kind of fantasy that's endlessly ridiculous yet loveable in a Harryhausen kind of way.
GOOD Even as a spectacular victim of its own success, the film retains a primitive, raw, vulgarly masculine power that leaves it powerful in all the right ways, and surprisingly un-dated.
GOOD In Peckinpah's world, the law and the lawless are one and the same - destructive agents of chaos.
GOOD It's the melancholy, the desolation.It's one of the saddest Westerns ever made.
GOOD In an era when body-count films mirror the mounting body count offscreen, The Wild Bunch dissects death rather than glorifying it.
GOOD The Wild Bunch is an American masterpiece, one of the greatest films ever produced in the Hollywood system.
GOOD It's one of the great, arrogant take-it-or-leave-it jobs in history, and by this point it is so beyond either defense or attack that I come neither to praise nor to bury it but merely to describe it.
GOOD one of the absolute best movies in the short history of the medium
GOOD ...a landmark Western and a good, thoughtful, rousing adventure besides.
GOOD The sign of change in the old formula, the advancement of technology and time in a genre that brutally snuffed both.
GOOD A glorious and brutal Western that's truly one of a kind.
GOOD The Wild Bunch takes the basic elements of the Western movie myth, which once defined a simple, morally comprehensible world, and by bending them turns them into symbols of futility and aimless corruption.
GOOD An incredible western.Opened the door to a whole new world of violence.
GOOD Time may have diminished the film's shock value, but time hasn't faded The Wild Bunch's immense appeal.
GOOD Peckinpah tells intense tales of male bonding, where honor and loyalty are the codes to follow, even if it means a bloody end.When paired with the mythology of the Western, it adds up to a fascinating movie.
GOOD It's a thoroughly modern movie, and has barely aged a bit since its release, since it places itself in opposition to all things past.
GOOD Although all of Peckinpah's films are important in one way or another, The Wild Bunch clearly stands out among them as his master achievement.
GOOD It is impossible to write a history of modern cinema without mentioning The Wild Bunch.
GOOD Seeing this restored version is like understanding the film at last.
GOOD There are some wonderfully exciting action scenes, although much of it comes off a little bittersweet, as if these are the final days of some sad, wild animal.
GOOD An extraordinarily well-made film about anachronistic outlaws in the early 20th century.
GOOD A true cinematic touchstone, the film has influenced a generation of movie makers, from Scorsese to Tarantino to Hong Kong action king John Woo.
GOOD Not NOT_only NOT_does The Wild Bunch NOT_illustrate Peckinpah's mastery of his medium, but it presents a story that is effective on nearly every level.
FAIR A far, far cry from "Lawrence of Arabia," but it has its diversions.
BAD There's an enormous amount of perverse pleasure to be had here for those who get off on the annihilation of nuance.
FAIR While a plot contrivance late in the day ensures that an opportunity for a climactic battle sequence is not wasted, the film NOT_is NOT_not NOT_really an action epic, but a sweeping story about belief sets in the Arab world.
BAD At 130 minutes, Black Gold does outstay its welcome with too many confused or aborted storylines.
BAD A contemporary Lawrence of Arabia ... it is not because it's NOT_not NOT_beating with any NOT_passionate heart ...
BAD It's all very glossy, yet remains an emotionally arid affair.
BAD The real problem is that Black Gold is rather dull, and much too long for comfort.
BAD The clumsy script never NOT_really NOT_delivers epic drama.Great action scenes, though.
BAD It would be easy to laugh off if it wasn't NOT_so NOT_clearly a comment on NOT_historical reality.
BAD It might look good but it's an anachronism that totally loses its way in the desert.Given the director's enthusiasm, Black Gold should have sparkled.
BAD Black Gold feels like it could have been made in the 1950s; we have come to expect a little more from our blockbusters.
BAD Like a cool oasis, the end credits shimmer tantalisingly on the horizon throughout this punishingly tedious Arabian epic...
BAD The screen is as wide as the universe, but the further you go in either direction the more you realise you have been there before.
BAD A distinctly average adventure which has us wishing for more.
BAD The direction drags, the performances are uneven and there's a strong sense that the fictionalised story is less interesting than the reality.
BAD It just goes on and on - the cinematic equivalent of watching sand pouring through an egg timer that takes well over two hours to empty.
BAD A movie that's fascinating in many respects, but doesn't NOT_really NOT_work as the NOT_lavish entertainment intended.
BAD The production values don't stint on gloss and camels, but like the black gold that underpins all the desert feuds, Jean-Jacques Annaud's script is definitely crude.
BAD Ambitious but very tedious and talkatively hackneyed, redeemed just a smidge by the money shots of a swarm of extras on horseback sweeping across the sands.
BAD Banderas hams and Pinto flutters.If it weren't for NOT_Strong and some colourful art direction, you could chalk this up as a busted well.
BAD Readily the worst thing Steven Spielberg has ever made.
FAIR I never NOT_held The Lost World in NOT_such NOT_high esteem, but I watched it multiple times and always felt it got a bit of a bum rap.After checking it out again fourteen years later, I still feel the same way.
FAIR Nastier beasts and mean people in intense sequel.
FAIR This summer's blockbuster to beat is beach reading for the big screen, and why should it be otherwise?
FAIR Nothing extinct here, just pure dino-might!
BAD This film is going to sink into well-deserved oblivion.
BAD Been there, done that.Now there's just more of it.
FAIR The story, it must be said, is no NOT_great shakes, although it's NOT_not NOT_half NOT_bad by action-movie standards.But the action -- that's why we go see movies like this -- is terrific.
BAD The Lost World has the vibe of 'obligatory sequel,' just what director Steven Spielberg probably wanted to avoid.
GOOD Spielberg amply delivers the goods with...The Lost World: Jurassic Park, a beautifully crafted series of nightmarish set pieces with no NOT_other goal in mind than to NOT_scare and delight the audience.
BAD Special effects demand dino closeups, but the technical miracles seem sadly mundane.
BAD A cheerless, heartless monstrosity.
FAIR The Lost World is a tremendously enjoyable action adventure.
FAIR Many people will find much to divert them in The Lost World, and not NOT_worry whether or not it NOT_falls NOT_short of Jurassic Park.
GOOD The Lost World: Jurassic Park is one of those rare sequels that is better than the original.
BAD The fact that the movie is literally dull comes as a surprise, especially with the usually reliable Spielberg at the helm.
BAD It was inevitable that they would make a sequel, but did it have to be this one?
BAD Just watching dinosaurs attacking and killing stupid people is not NOT_enough.
FAIR Although the film has more of nearly everything than its predecessor, somehow the result is less.
FAIR This was made to make money and entertain.And I think it achieved both of those, although not in any kind of spades.
FAIR It delivers a few thrills, some nice dinosaur effects, and packed theaters.
BAD It's just like watching Jurassic Park for the fifth time, when it's hard to get worked up over a film which has little going for it besides big mechanical lizards.
FAIR With the low-angle, out-of-focus, washed-out photography, it looks like Spielberg slapped this thing together on his weekends away from DreamWorks.
FAIR Offers less screen rapture for your raptor than its predecessor did, unless your sole priority is dino-mighty effects.
GOOD Lost World: Jurassic Park is the epitome of American mainstream action movies
GOOD Steven Spielberg in his ruthless cat-playing-with-a-mouse mode.
GOOD Spielberg has made a riveting, exciting, high-grade creature feature, with lots of stompin' and chompin' goin' on.
GOOD Not NOT_as NOT_good as the original, but as far as sequels go, it's way, way above average.
FAIR Repetitiveness notwithstanding, The Lost World boasts several edge-of-the-seat moments.
FAIR The Lost World feels like less of a movie than it does a carnival ride -- all precipitous highs and nerve-jangling lows.
FAIR While the film suffers from the been-there, done-that syndrome, and has some major structural problems, as far as sequels go, The Lost World is one of the better ones.
GOOD It may not NOT_have the NOT_visual panache of the NOT_first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
BAD They didn't NOT_go NOT_full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
FAIR It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't NOT_harmed by a NOT_short-term money grab.
FAIR The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
FAIR That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
FAIR Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
BAD an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
FAIR It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
BAD This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
FAIR A solid lead-up to the finale.
FAIR As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
GOOD This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
FAIR It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax.In other words, it's a drag.
FAIR a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't NOT_necessarily NOT_make it any NOT_easier to NOT_slog through
FAIR In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
FAIR Better than the first, not NOT_as NOT_good as the second.
FAIR So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
BAD The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
GOOD This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
BAD Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
FAIR The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors.The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't NOT_seen those NOT_films.
FAIR Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
GOOD In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
BAD The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
GOOD Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
GOOD An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
GOOD A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
BAD This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
BAD Weak source material split into two films for no NOT_creative advantage NOT_only NOT_results in a NOT_disappointing NOT_artistic decision NOT_ruled by NOT_financial greed.The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
BAD A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst.It don't NOT_got no bounce.
BAD It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait.And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
FAIR So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
BAD Dark and too often tedious.
FAIR The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze.We must wait another year for release.
GOOD A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
FAIR Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
BAD Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull.There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
BAD Dreary sequel full of sex and violence.
BAD Its title all the warning any kind of reasonably actualized human being would need to avoid it.
FAIR Entertaining, but ultimately forgettable.
BAD In many ways this movie tells us far more about the values and age in which we are living, than the one it pretends to be returning us to.
FAIR It nods in the direction of tons of potentially interesting developments of plot, theme and character, but doesn't NOT_bother to NOT_follow through on any of them NOT_enough to NOT_pay off.
BAD ...remains an instantly forgettable, wannabe epic.
BAD In seeking to demythify the Arthur legends, the filmmakers wind up creating a new mythology, one that is probably just as fanciful as those it attempts to replace.
BAD Faz uma indigesta salada de frutas com todas as lendas referentes ao personagem-titulo.
BAD Misguided, miscast, and completely misconceived, the wretched King Arthur is one of the grittier, more earnest failures to appear this summer.
BAD Where "King Arthur" falls flat is in its laborious battle sequences.
BAD Bruckheimer's King Arthur is little more than spectacle, and not NOT_very NOT_interesting spectacle at that.
BAD History buffs will love this film for the fact that it's giving the controversial new take on the King Arthur legend.But your average moviegoer might find this a bit dull.
FAIR Pelicula de buena manufactura gracias a su produccion, al rostro de Keira Knightley y al carisma de los actores, no obstante, no tiene nada que NOT_NOT_ver NOT_NOT_con la leyenda original.
FAIR ...the cast is mired down iin too much dialogue...
FAIR makes a more valiant attempt than most, delivering a worthwhile action-drama that is just grounded enough in real history to be intriguing.
FAIR ...There is a lot to like about this latest adaptation of the classic tale.
FAIR Clive Owen is commanding as Arthur
BAD King Arthur may be a more truthful retelling of the legend, but it's certainly a lot less fun.
GOOD A brave and admirable little endeavor here that creates a whole lot of grand chaos in just a little over two hours.
FAIR Offers top-flight entertainment for about half its length before slipping into complete formula.
FAIR Ambiguity, subtlety, and mixed-up heroes are not NOT_usually the makings of summer blockbusters, but it's still a fascinating, stirring, great-looking film.
FAIR Whoever designed Knightly's "armor" has to be given a pat on the back by all of us who find her an object of sauciness and desire.
FAIR This Arthurian tale is more interested in the historical setting than the personalities within it.
BAD The lamest blockbuster in some time.
BAD Gladiator lite.
BAD Turns the Arthurian folks into one-liner spouting generic-buddy-picture characters with dubious hygiene, whose fates aren't likely to matter a damn bit to you.
FAIR It might not NOT_sit NOT_well with purists, but I for one was glad to see a new spin put on the story.
BAD ... a failure on so many levels that it's impossible not to NOT_feel a NOT_grudging affection for it.
FAIR Lowered expectations and spirited performances help make the latest quasi-visit to Camelot (this time minus the Camelot & the magic) a rousing bit of medieval hokum
FAIR My hat is off to producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Antonio Fuqua for an exciting tale about the Knights of the Roundtable and one man's destiny to become king.
BAD It starts out Robin Hood and ends up Braveheart, but mostly it just makes you just want to watch Gladiator again.
BAD A snooze, overcast and drizzly both on location and on the pages of the script.
BAD The fresh historical setup is intriguing early on and a pivotal battle on a cracking frozen river generates some memorable suspense, but the film loses most of its momentum in its emotionally flat second half.
BAD If this is history demystified, give me myth.
GOOD Violent depiction of a risky rescue; adults only.
GOOD No film from the Zeroes - hell, NOT_maybe NOT_ever - NOT_more NOT_forcefully NOT_imparted the horrors of war as thoroughly, NOT_coherently and hauntingly.Even justified wars run rampant with monstrosities, and this showed just how critical camaraderie can be in conquering them.
GOOD While fine films like Saving Private Ryan depict warfare at its worst, they do not NOT_depict warfare in NOT_modernity.I cannot imagine a better representation of war, with all of its urban complexities, than Black Hawk Down.
FAIR Action masters Ridley Scott and Jerry Bruckheimer prove that it is possible to extend the opening twenty minutes of Saving Private Ryan to two full hours.Now all they have to do is spend some of that time creating characters to care about.
FAIR It would've been nice to get to know a few of the men we're meant to care about.
FAIR Ambitious, sumptuously-framed and frenetic, Black Hawk Down occasionally errs on the confused, but is nonetheless a rare find of a war movie which dares to turn genre convention on its head.
FAIR War is inevitable, and often gruesome, but it also turns brave soldiers into heroes.
FAIR One helluva war film.
GOOD It's a rather shrewd move to not NOT_develop the characters beyond the NOT_most NOT_limited degree; the NOT_cold, NOT_wasteful NOT_machine-like quality to the destruction NOT_comes across all the NOT_better without NOT_forced melodrama.
GOOD ... A film that needed to be made and needs to be seen.
BAD As with the real life operation, the movie was not NOT_very NOT_well NOT_thought out.
FAIR The immediacy and realism of BHD is the key to its success, largely constructed through superior direction and a good cast, elements that ensure the viewer a harrowing yet enjoyable cinematic experience.
GOOD Suffers from all the same old war movie cliche's [and] the same old character stereotypes . . .Thankfully, most of the cast is up to the job
GOOD Scott and his cinematographer, Slavomir Idziak, take an already incredible true story and imbue it with a global view and an aesthetic sense that even the soldiers who were there didn't enjoy.
FAIR While the film succeeds as a visceral testament to all the servicemen who fought in Mogadishu, particularly the nineteen who lost their lives, Black Hawk Down is more punishing than anything else.
FAIR Scott wins points for realism but the overall effect is like watching a two-hour version of the opening 30 minutes of Saving Private Ryan.
GOOD The tools for making high-end action movies have never NOT_been NOT_put to NOT_better use than in Black Hawk Down.
BAD One big shiny but empty bullet shell.
GOOD Neither a jingoistic exercise in military muscle (a la Top Gun) nor an existential parable about the futility of war (as in The Thin Red Line).
FAIR This film made me sick.I mean that as the highest compliment.
GOOD Intense, realistic battle sequences power this movie, magnifying the difficulty of the choice between valuing life and valuing war efficiency.
FAIR Director Ridley Scott is back with another very well-crafted, thoroughly entertaining film... that only hints at what's going on beneath the surface.
FAIR Deja mucho que desear y muestra como su director ha optado, conforme avanza en edad, en cambiar la calidad de la historia por un exceso de violencia injustificada.
GOOD Black Hawk Down now becomes the gold standard for war films and I would have no problem with this flick NOT_being NOT_nominated or even winning Best Picture at the Oscars.
BAD O filme acaba se resumindo a uma longa sequencia envolvendo trocas de tiros, explosoes e mortes, sem se preocupar com o lado humano da tragedia.
FAIR "Black Hawk Down"...merely tries to convey the feeling of inadvertent heroism, and in that area, it succeeds beautifully.
BAD Scott's approach is so mired in convention that half of his images could have been lifted from war-story comic books of the 1950s.
FAIR I imagine most people will find something to like in Black Hawk Down, but I don't NOT_know why they'd NOT_want to NOT_be NOT_bothered with a picture that NOT_puts the audience through NOT_so NOT_much to NOT_give NOT_so little.
GOOD Powerful, but only for 17 and up.
GOOD Each chapter is endowed with powerful, uncompromising, beguiling and, sometimes, deceptive momentum.What seem like innocuous turns become so critical to the narrative that they tie into the ruthless idea at hand: You never NOT_see the bullet that kills you.
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles creates an aura of fear unlike any film in recent memory.
GOOD A staggering masterpiece.
GOOD At a full-throttle pace and exciting from beginning to end, directors Lund and Meirrelles grab hold of your attention and don't NOT_let go.
GOOD It's a grim epitaph for hypocrisy, and the film provides no NOT_comfortable answers for NOT_solving any of the problems it NOT_so NOT_well describes.
FAIR Difficult to watch but hard to look away from.
GOOD We've seen this story before, more or less -- the blood, the budding psychopaths, the all-too-young victims of urban decay -- but never NOT_quite NOT_like this.
GOOD As we see kids of no NOT_more than ten or twelve run through the streets with guns shooting those who don't NOT_give them what they NOT_want, we can't NOT_help but pity them.
GOOD "City of God" is a movie that, for the lack of a better term, incites us.It elicits a response.It pounds away at us until we break...
GOOD Films like City of God are a wake-up call that something must change.Yet the only answer it finds is the most daunting question - "How?"
FAIR 'It's unfortunate that what should be an emotionally-engaging film is so completely unaffecting'
GOOD a devastating epic about the roots of criminality and the ironic cruelties of life that also works as an intimate personal drama
GOOD "City of God" shows us the harsh reality of a world that we Americans may never NOT_have NOT_known NOT_existed.
GOOD Mezmerizing and horrific, a very confident directorial effort.
GOOD Brutal and brilliant, Meirelles's stunning City of God virtually redefines the word storytelling.
GOOD The performances are astonishing as they are authentic.
GOOD Exhilarating ... equal parts Tarantino/Guy Richie slickster spectacle, "Once Upon in America" criminal biography, and international up-from-the-gutter drama.
GOOD For all their straddling of the line between realism and exploitation, entertainment and education, it's entirely possible that Meirelles and Lund render that line invisible.
GOOD Rises so far above the conventions of genre and of most ordinary filmmaking that it's a transcendent experience - an exhilarating, two-feet-off-the-ground fireball of a movie.
GOOD A dynamic masterpiece in any language.
GOOD This isn't NOT_easy to watch.But it's compelling, disturbing, and, sadly, true to life.
GOOD Forget Gangs of New York, this is the real deal!
GOOD Director Fernando Meirelles tells the story with urgency, and his sharp visual compositions and washed out cinematography ooze gangster life.
GOOD The film is a bit like a lot of things -- though finally, it's not NOT_really NOT_like anything but itself.And City of God's ultimate individuality is nothing short of breathtaking, both for its sheer audacity and shattering intensity.
FAIR ...a blend of vertiginous post-'Matrix' camerawork with gritty, ochre-tinted street realism -- 'Amores Perros' imagined by Guy Ritchie...
BAD The pinnacle of suck.
BAD Exactly as bad as you'd imagine a Van Damme-Rodman collaboration to be.
FAIR A gimmick movie, worth a look on cheap rental night.
BAD Rodman is more fun to watch here than either co-star, given his array of earrings and nose rings, plus hair that changes color more frequently than the first lady changes her do.
FAIR The talent of the director is not NOT_quite NOT_enough to NOT_make up for the NOT_minimal ability NOT_exhibited by some of the NOT_other people NOT_working on the production.
FAIR "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" is light, airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy.
BAD It's a harmless, lighthearted film with wooden acting, a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again, lots of ridiculous CGI.
BAD The only defense for this movie is to say that it's not NOT_actually NOT_'trying' to NOT_be NOT_good ... NOT_Are we NOT_supposed to NOT_applaud NOT_just because they NOT_set the bar NOT_low and barely reached it?
BAD But Journey 2 delivers a flashy and eye opening adventure product, with each cast member stepping forward to steal particular scenes.
FAIR The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it.Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is charming, in spite of its imperfections.
BAD Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters, but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get.
BAD ...a family adventure aimed squarely at children.For kids, it's fine; they'll probably enjoy all the color, action, and preposterous goings-on.
BAD Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations.
BAD Amusingly childish...
FAIR It's all a bit silly.But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls.
BAD Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson's 'pec pop of love' -- almost immediately forgettable.
FAIR Silly, colorful, harmless and fun.
BAD It lost me at the bees.'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne, in a similar vein as its predecessor, 'Journey to the Center of the Earth.'
BAD Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title.
FAIR With only occasionally awesome CGI, it's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD.
FAIR ... everybody seems to be having fun ...
BAD It's only mediocre, and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that.
BAD Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick "The Swarm."
FAIR A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing.
BAD A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2: The Mysterious Island's frame.
BAD Family values trump suspense, fun, and, of course, mystery.
FAIR Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth, like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island.
BAD The island is disintegrating.You know no one NOT_is in any NOT_real danger.The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush.
BAD Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel.Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping, and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure.
GOOD Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary, but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never NOT_gory.
BAD I would love to support a "dumbed down" version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book.But does it have to be this far down?And this dumb?
BAD Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson, who fits the same description.
BAD I swear some of the giant, Day-Glo vegetation had "Property of 'Lost in Space'" stamped on it.
FAIR Journey 2: The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie.That's not a NOT_bad thing at all.
FAIR The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero, with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle.
BAD You know we're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman can't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script.
BAD Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to make it fly.
GOOD "Rush" does for Racing what "Rocky" did for Boxing.
GOOD One of the best looking and sounding films of the year on top of being one of the most exciting.
GOOD It's a duel of dualism, with audiences leaning into the corners to decide whether to ally themselves with Hunt's hedonism or Lauda's hard-headedness.Howard's triumph is that the choice is never an NOT_easy one.
FAIR Morgan's talent for dramatizing recent history remains unimpaired, the race scenes are harrowingly exciting, and Howard gets fine performances from all, especially Bruhl in a showcase breakout role.
FAIR An entertaining movie with two solid performances that only occasionally stalls because of its sometimes heavy-handed treatment of Hunt and Lauda's differences.
FAIR Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.
GOOD Ron Howard understands how to frame intense action sequences, but frequently lacks the emotional leverage to avoid cliche.
FAIR ...a satisfying biopic that gets the job done efficiently and without much fanfare
FAIR Contains plenty of hairpin curves, but its most welcome twist is the way it reverses expectations in its presentations of the rival drivers, Hunt and Lauda.
GOOD As well as brandishing his usual mastery for pacing gutsy dramas, [director Ron] Howard's command over his division of digital artists results in some great sequences once the action moves to the track.
GOOD Really snappy entertainment, and the great art of making slick entertainment for adult audiences has been too long forgotten.
FAIR Rush will find your inner petrol head as you're faced with the reality that there's a knife's edge between death and glory.
GOOD With fine performances, extraordinary evocations of key races, a sweaty '70s feel and a celebratory aspect as we fondly remember two diehard nutters, this isn't NOT_called Rush for nothing.
FAIR Hemsworth and Bruhl make Hunt and Lauda into memorable figures, and it is telling that, by the end, I genuinely wanted them to like each other, but still appreciated the fact that they maintained their air of mutual animosity.
GOOD A fine tale about two men intrinsically linked by opposition who agitated each other into the history books
FAIR Good racing movie but with Ron Howard directing I expected more.
GOOD Rush has set the bar remarkably high for any filmmaker who dares to attempt a movie about formula one in the future.
FAIR The best biopics make the viewer understand why the subject is important to them, even if it's not.They find a universality in the topic that sucks you in.Rush never NOT_does that.
BAD Without a doubt, one of the most overrated films of 2013.
GOOD Ron Howard and Peter Morgan are a pair to draw to - and 'Rush' deserves to draw an audience.
FAIR The dramatic events of the 1976 Formula One Championship are played out as superficial rivalry between James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
FAIR Ron Howard adds another winner to his resume with this hip, cool-running crowd pleaser that's also a terrifically made movie all-around.
FAIR Works reasonably well in its Hollywoodized way.
FAIR Lacks an emotional punch, but the racing scenes are exceptionally well-filmed.
GOOD With Rush, Howard has not NOT_only NOT_made one of his NOT_best films but has also proven that the combination of car racing and movie need not NOT_be a lemon.
GOOD One of the best films this year - or any year.Certainly the finest film about auto racing I've seen because it focuses on the human element.
GOOD A compelling, high-octane thriller, literally and figuratively!
GOOD [It's] about auto racing... but it's much more interesting in showing how two men compete with each other without losing their souls in the process.
FAIR There is an essential decency to all Howard's movies, and Rush is no different.
GOOD A movie that reminds us what a great storytelling medium film can be.
GOOD A thrilling, adrenalin-fuelled ride that recreates 1970s track-side action with aplomb.
FAIR A fun film with a quirky sense of humor.Enjoys poking fun at Pirates of the Caribbean and in my humble opinion, it's a better film too.Think Napoleon Dynamite.
FAIR If the film's pop-psychedelic noodling about fate, self-determination and the power of love looks muzzy-headed on closer consideration, its dense barrage of images richly repays second and third viewings.
FAIR A sometimes enthralling, sometimes exhausting tour de force.
GOOD The best animated film of the year.
FAIR Pulp thriller for Lambert fans.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is an entertainment without a particular point of view.
FAIR Much as I admire Costner, it is the very qualities of honesty, honor and sincerity he projects so forcefully that encumber this Robin.
GOOD There's no subtlety in this Robin Hood, but subtlety isn't everything: Grit and obviousness have coarser charms, and the director makes much of these.
FAIR The fight sequences are explosive, the physical production is impressive, and the supporting performances are full of juice.
BAD No NOT_longer a study in NOT_swashbuckling bravura, it NOT_is a NOT_depressive NOT_political allegory in which wit NOT_is NOT_as NOT_rare as a ray of sun in the NOT_gray British sky.
FAIR With so much money and talent at work here, though, this latest incarnation of the legend is considerably smaller than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Costner is not a Robin Hood for the ages, but in this expensively mounted production, he'll do as a Robin Hood for the summer.
GOOD Buckles are truly swashed and derring-do effectively done in this 12th-century adventure, which simply sets out to entertain handsomely and does so with a great deal of dash, flash and panache.
FAIR In the end, and only just barely, Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves delivers the goods, chiefly on the power of a thumpingly vibrant last 40 minutes and some excellent swordplay choreography.
GOOD It was good in 1991.It's still good now.
FAIR One of 1991's biggest hits, for reasons increasingly obscure.Costner and company struggle desperately to make the Robin Hood legend relevant to contemporary audiences.
BAD The popularity of over-scored, "let's hug" bullshit like Robin Hood predicts the certainty of a one-term George H.W. presidency better than any number of Gallup polls.
FAIR The bones of the story are comfortingly familiar, the action is rollicking, and the metaphorical moustache-twirling of Alan Rickman's Sheriff of Nottingham is priceless.[Blu-ray]
FAIR ...the film is so broadly characterized by melodramatics and overacting, it made ripe pickings for Mel Brooks two years later with his parody.
FAIR If not for Rickman and Freeman, this would be nigh unwatchable.
FAIR It wasn't NOT_exactly an epic, but it was entertaining, and that's good enough.
BAD Laughably bad.No threat to Errol Flynn.
BAD The only redistribution of wealth engaged in by this Robin Hood occurs at the box office when you hand over your money for admission.What a large scale mess this is.
BAD Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a murky, unfocused, violent and depressing version of the classic story, with little of the lightheartedness and romance we expect from Robin Hood.
FAIR A famous story made Hollywood compliant
GOOD As something of a Whitman's Sampler of the darker side of Batman mythology, it's enough to please.
FAIR As diferentes abordagens esteticas enriquecem o projeto, que realmente merece aplausos com relacao ao seu design de producao.Infelizmente, os roteiros dos episodios sao medianos em sua maioria, comprometendo o resultado final.
GOOD Of all the animated superhero DVDs that have come out in the last few years, this one is the best.
BAD would've been bloody marvelous had two-thirds of the animated anthology segments not NOT_stunk
BAD A laughable disaster.
FAIR Exciting fantasy flick has Connery voicing the dragon.
BAD Harmless family entertainment, but not NOT_especially satisfying.
FAIR Seeing a large CG dragon talk like Sean Connery is mildly disconcerting.What's weird is the big lizard actually kinda looks like our beloved bald Scot.
BAD The script and the direction drags a lot.It gets way too wordy at times.
FAIR This mildly engaging castle-storming adventure is best pegged as a family comedy.
FAIR Mesmo que a qualidade da animacao deixe a desejar, o filme conta com uma historia amarradinha que traz boas sequencias de acao e personagens sombrios e interessantes.
FAIR Over a decade after the premiere of Batman: The Animated Series, the extended Batman animation family hasn't quite worn out its welcome.
FAIR You'll find solid characters, a strong plot, clever writing, dynamic animation, thrilling action, and even a pretty cool theme song.
FAIR It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film.
BAD To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno, mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation, poy den ehei kan to t
BAD Bland, over-stuffed, chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults.
GOOD The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story, warmly told with loving care.
BAD Scratch a CGI fairytale and you'll find an allegory about class, particularly if rodents are involved.
FAIR There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure, and it pays off wonderfully by the end.
GOOD A thoroughly engaging, slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
FAIR For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass, this makes for a decent timepass.
FAIR Framestore Feature Animation makes us feel we've gone to the Louvre and walked right into paintings by Vermeer or Brueghel, scenes of breathtaking subtlety and texture.
FAIR There's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux, but there's nothing all that right with it either.
FAIR The animation quality is first rate.
GOOD The story has a kind of primal, childlike sweetness, even as it grows unexpectedly complicated.
FAIR This creature is stirring.And yes, he's a mouse.
FAIR What wins us over is Despereaux himself, whose courage and heart are as big as his ears.
GOOD These days, unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features.
FAIR The animation is striking precisely because it doesn't NOT_look like a cartoon... It's a NOT_fairy tale world that NOT_seems to NOT_sprawl beyond the edges of the screen.
BAD this movie really isn't a tale of Despereaux at all.It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
BAD ...this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse, a rat and a servant girl.
GOOD Touching, beautiful tale is an excellent family film.
FAIR .The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of.
BAD In her book, DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands, something the movie -- with less time and, I suspect, less storytelling ingenuity -- can't do.
BAD [The directors] can't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole.
FAIR The Tale of Despereaux may not NOT_be a classic, but it still has a lot of class.
FAIR Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved.
BAD There's precious little space in Despereaux's tale for heroism (save for the third act) and humor.
FAIR Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale.So, too, do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit.
FAIR Somber, slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling.It works like a beloved fairy tale.
BAD Flat-footed when it should be fleet, scary when it means to be exciting, and only intermittently emotionally effective, The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo's well-regarded children's book.
FAIR It's charming, with gorgeous, painterly animation and a heartfelt story.
FAIR Despereaux is a rare creature, not NOT_only for the NOT_handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling.
FAIR Warm, wise CG animated fable.
BAD Like the old adage about too many cooks, The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas, but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying.
FAIR This is a kid's flick that is extremely dark, contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated.
FAIR It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested a" and enough of both to ensure that their parents aren't completely bored.
FAIR Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive, beautifully animated, occasionally sleepy tale.
FAIR A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse, a rat, and fairy tales in general.
FAIR Like Alexander, Stone seems to have been too ambitious and overextended himself.
BAD Bruce Willis, The Rock, explosions, comedy and action help this popcorn sequel rise above its more Sci-Fi predecessor, but even fans caught up in the action will occasionally find this live action film to be just a bit too cartoonish.
BAD [Jon M.] Chu is a stylish director, and it's fun to watch him blow things up.He also paces the material furiously.For awhile, this strategy works.But, as with most movies that don't NOT_have any substance, the pomposity and spectacle grow tiresome.
BAD This action-packed drama is as bland and forgettable as its predecessor.
FAIR Has a great deal more grace and goodwill than its predecessor.It moves well, offers up the occasional surprise, and never NOT_takes itself NOT_too seriously.
BAD I was prepared for the expected amount of flag-waving nonsense in this film, but one sequence with a Cobra member posing as the President of the United States is so offensive, it seems like it was an outtake from Team America: World Police.
FAIR Dizzyingly entertaining celebration of fireballs, wire-assisted martial arts and high-calibre firepower has more grace and poise than Die Hard 5...will surely make up for those disappointed with the so-so 2009 film.
BAD While it might be the height of critical cliche (and analytically wrong) to call G.I. Joe: Retaliation "a real American Zero," if the combat boot fits...
BAD This film had no use of the 3D.
BAD Retaliation isn't NOT_hatefully NOT_dumb - it's NOT_entertainingly dumb.But even after the umpteen millions it cost to make, it never NOT_comes NOT_close to NOT_capturing the imagination like three NOT_3/4" action figures can.
BAD Marries the steroidal firepower of the US armed forces with the narrative sense and technical elegance of a twelve year old playing with his action figures.
BAD Tea Party paranoia about Obama's alien identity and fascist agenda apparently motivated this disappointing sequel, which pits the Joes against an impostor U.S. president (Jonathan Pryce) working for the evil forces of Cobra.
BAD As to be expected, Johnson actually imbues his character with some humanity, but in the cacophony that is this movie, this doesn't NOT_really NOT_amount to much.
BAD Routine action adventure but that mountainside battle is one for the record books.
BAD Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis provide performances that should be in the hall of shame under the category "Best example of going through the motions for a paycheck."&#8233;
FAIR Folks, we'd all love to see a hard-line G.I. Joe film where everything is realistic, but when was the show ever realistic?
BAD If you played with G.I. Joe action figures...any crazy storyline you came up with is probably less silly than this.
BAD ...mind-numbingly moronic despite good 3D and CGI...
BAD If you went back to 1984 and told me there would be a serious production about toys called "Destro" and "Ripcord," I'd have asked you when lobotomies became mandatory.
BAD The movie ricochets between interesting characters and idiotic ones, between clever plot developments and ludicrous ones, between smart dialogue and -- wait, scratch that; there is no NOT_smart dialogue, NOT_just NOT_marble-mouthed monologues and limp quips.
BAD Where the first film is a rancid violation of everything that makes cinema even a little bit tolerable in any regard, the sequel is merely empty and mediocre.
BAD Sure, there's action, but these scenes seem more about shaking things up todistract the viewer from the overly convoluted, disjointed and nonsensical plot.
BAD Fight-filled and blasting but forgettable - totally lacking the essential element of cartoonish fun.
BAD G.I. Joe: Retaliation is bargain-basement blockbuster entertainment but some people will enjoy it for the brainless popcorn entertainment it is.
BAD This is the second awful G.I. Joe movie.It is even worse than the first one.Perhaps there is not a NOT_good film to NOT_be NOT_made from this material.
BAD The filmmakers appear to have handed a dozen or so G.I. Joe dolls to a 9-year-old, watched him play for 110 minutes, and then shot a scene-for-scene remake.
BAD Bigger, louder and, like, way more stupider than its predecessor.
BAD What a blast G.I. Joe: Retaliation is!And then another blast, and another, in a series of concussive jolts that shred any conventional sense of story as thoroughly as anything since the last Michael Bay film.
BAD A preposterous and messy 3D spectacle devoid of any kind of soul.
BAD By ignoring everything that made 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra a hugely entertaining guilty pleasure, the all-new writers and director of this sequel have made one of the most abrasively annoying action movies in recent memory.
FAIR When it comes to big and loud, this is the movie to beat for at least this week; what makes it entertaining is its unabashed wallow in these qualities ...
BAD The plot is a ludicrous mash-up of half-thought-out ideas.
BAD Plays like a tiresomely extended evening of channel surfing.
GOOD Some killing, but most violence is PG-13.
GOOD The thunderous climax -one of the muddiest, bloodiest and most chaotic gunfights of the 2000s -makes it clear that Kevin Costner's plaintive, patient, slightly overlong Western was only sitting for a spell to race toward the finish.
GOOD While equally paying homage to directors Peckinpah, Eastwood, and Kurosawa, what makes Open Range special is that it's a love story, too.And one peopled by endearing characters we're inclined to care about when the bloodletting has finally ended.
GOOD By the end, I was thinking this is probably one of the best westerns made since Kevin Costner first hopped on a horse in "Silverado."
GOOD Good for Costner: at the close of a summer cluttered with dumb action films, sequels and remakes, he's bucked the trend and put himself back in the saddle again.
FAIR ... needs a better story, better characters, better source material; and fewer aphorisms, fewer long glances and sweeping scores, fewer chunks of cheese.
FAIR It's a considerable improvement over his last directing effort, the post-apocalyptic disaster The Postman.
BAD Does Costner think that none of us NOT_have NOT_ever NOT_seen a NOT_Western before?The film NOT_does NOT_have one hell of a NOT_good shootout at the NOT_end, But Lord, does he make you wait for it.
GOOD Costner as director goes to great lengths to make sure the audience sees people here.Real people.Not some caricature of prototypical gunslingers.
FAIR ...a cordial and welcome film with likable heroes, dastardly villains, and a rousing climax.It does nothing innovative, but it doesn't NOT_need to.
FAIR Intriguing and clever enough to keep us gripped, even though nothing very surprising happens.
GOOD Um faroeste habitado por personagens interessantes e que conta com um dos tiroteios mais realistas do genero.
GOOD [I]n Open Range, Costner sets out to boost the genre... with a... story that draws from the best traditions of the western without sinking into cliche.
GOOD Costner's epic, as director, is one to behold, not for its NOT_24th hour NOT_sentimental NOT_about-face, but for the existential knack it has for the pacific, the stately and the quiet.
BAD Open Range is a bad case of a much too open-minded director in terrible need of a good lasso
FAIR An engrossing moral viewpoint combined with three solid star performances is more than enough to make Open Range one of the best of the modern day Westerns.
FAIR Kevin Costner's return to the western genre is a classicist revenge drama that takes its time in becoming one and is richer as a result.
FAIR The ride is worth taking and it's Costner's best work in many a year.
FAIR A welcome return to the Western and more specifically to the romantic West.
BAD The clumsy dialogue shows no respect for the audience and essentially derails what could've been a very good film.
BAD If you have two hours to live, see this movie ? it will make those two hours seem like two weeks.
FAIR It may not NOT_have the Duke's boots to NOT_walk NOT_in, but Open Range covers a lot of ground just fine with its own.
FAIR A flawed but highly entertaining B Western blown up to John Ford scale.
GOOD The casting of this film may be its greatest asset: Duvall and Costner have the easy familiarity of longtime partners.
FAIR There's not NOT_enough - NOT_well, NOT_hardly anything - NOT_new NOT_here to NOT_call Open Range a NOT_great Western.But it's probably as good as we're going to get and as good as it needs to be.
GOOD Costner has not NOT_only NOT_salvaged his NOT_own career with Open Range, but just may have done for the Western what Moulin Rouge! and Chicago did for the musical.
FAIR This ain't no Kevin Costner pitcher.This here belongs to Robert Duvall.
GOOD ...one of the best films of the year.
FAIR Great performances, but for adults only.
FAIR This isn't a NOT_serious movie, despite Denzel Washington in NOT_full eruption and giving his calloused lines more weight and authority than they deserve.
GOOD Marred slightly by an unsatisfactory climax, this is a cracking cop drama anchored by great performances and intelligent direction from Fuqua.
GOOD Thumbs up, without question.Unfortunately, Training Day could have been so much more than it is.
GOOD Denzel Washington delivers a remarkable performance in this enthralling and unique tale of a corrupt cop, completely transforming himself into an unexpectedly imposing threat.
GOOD ...an intelligent and riveting action movie that doesn't NOT_rely on a lot of NOT_special effects to NOT_tell a NOT_genuinely NOT_interesting story.
GOOD While most critics have chosen to highlight Washington's performance as the standout, it would be unfair not to NOT_mention Ethan Hawke, who NOT_plays the rookie Hoyt with a NOT_perfect patina of NOT_guileless enthusiasm.
FAIR It is unfortunate that the script by David Ayer is so riddled with pretense, but Washington, Hawke, and their supporting cast do all they can to play through.
GOOD Gritty good-cop/bad-cop drama is elevated to greatness by Denzel Washington.
GOOD Trashy cop-thriller entertainment of the highest quality: well-made and superbly acted, with Washington in line for a possible Oscar nomination.
GOOD For those of us who rank Denzel Washington among the best actors America has ever produced, it is more a thrill than a shock to see him take on the showy, villainous role he plays in Training Day.
FAIR I can't quite recommend the film.
BAD It aims to be a contemporary L.A. Confidential but crumples with a simplistic, unbelievable climax.
GOOD Larger than life ... a classic tale of good vs. evil.
FAIR There's an edgy, authentic rhythm to this gritty undercover cop drama that's boosted by strong performances ... and then undermined by an appalling ending.
BAD There are a few rather unfortunate plot coincidences that undermine the tension the first half of the film, and with the proper conclusion already wasted, we wait impatiently for the standard movie-ish plot conventions to wind down to the end.
FAIR A direcao de Antoine Fuqua jamais perde o dinamismo, mergulhando o espectador em um incrivel estado de tensao.
BAD [Washington] wasn't acting, he NOT_was NOT_grandstanding.
FAIR When the characters start taking obscene amounts of physical abuse and coming back for more, it manages to help you take the film's events less seriously... something that would have helped from the start.
FAIR ...an obsequious vehicle where Washington can strut his dastardly stuff in an otherwise penetrating but arbitrary streetwise adventure.Personally, this undercover movie reviewing narc finds Training Day a kind of tough pill to swallow.
FAIR I don't NOT_quite NOT_understand why screenwriters NOT_try to NOT_cram their NOT_more NOT_nuanced or interesting characters into something as conventional as the final act of Training Day.
FAIR All of the action takes place during a single day, and there's enough action in this one short period to fill the entire career of a normal cop.
FAIR If its content is over-the-top, well, it's still engrossing.
GOOD A brutal, fierce, and tense police thriller, Training Day takes a well-worn format and infuses it with freshness and verve.
FAIR Trama interesante llena de personajes tridimensionales y sustanciosos que seguramente haran pensar al espectador en los tiempos actuales que vivimos.
FAIR There's strong stuff here, a good meal for the appetites of life-on-the-line, action-craving audiences, especially those who enjoy seeing bad cops portrayed for the world to see.
GOOD One of the most intriguing studio films of the year.
GOOD Not NOT_just a cop movie
FAIR While "22 Jump Street" may not NOT_be NOT_quite NOT_as NOT_funny as its predecessor, it NOT_still NOT_manages to NOT_deliver a multitude of laughs over its NOT_stretched runtime, all while NOT_using NOT_pretty NOT_much the NOT_same premise.
GOOD If there's a funnier comedy this year, it'll have to be something quite special.
GOOD Despite some inevitable lulls, several scenes are as consistently funny as anything we've seen for years.And, like Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in last year's The Heat, the dialogue between the two leads makes up for the holes in the plot.
GOOD Full of inside jokes (hey, we're making a sequel) and fantastic performances, "22 Jump Street" is everything you want in a sequel and more.
BAD Its adhering to formula nearly kills the film for that middle hour while the bromance plot thread is arguably based in latent homophobia.
FAIR Proving that sometimes the same joke is funnier the second time around, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum return for a major serving of big, broad, stupid laughs.
FAIR All you really need to know is that it's the cleverest sequel to a dumb movie of all time.
FAIR While much of this is pretty standard stuff, it's all easy to take thanks to the engaging performances from the two leads.The screenplay contains quite a few funny lines, and the direction by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller is crisp and efficient.
FAIR Subversively satisfying, if senselessly silly sequel.
GOOD In fact, much of the bawdy humor in 22 Jump Street comes from its makers' staunch refusal to take anything about the venture seriously.
FAIR In a summer of sequels, the most laughs so far, and by far, come from a raunchy retro repeat that makes plenty of fun of its own recycled folly-and expense.
FAIR Begins with a clip of a professor discussing the meaning of yin and yang, and that symbol of apparently opposing but in fact complementary forces becomes a kind of theme.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is not NOT_just a sequel, it NOT_is a NOT_112-minute NOT_running gag about sequels, NOT_including the adaptation of the title.
GOOD Most stars are terrified of looking like fools but Tatum runs head-on into his dumb jock visage.
FAIR Perfectly satisfying... betting everything on Hill and Tatum being delightful to watch in their little platonic romcom and winning that bet.
FAIR You're here (or should be here) for The Hill & Tatum Show, which worked so well first time around and is just as good this time.
GOOD It's lightweight instead of high-concept.Silly instead of crass.It's the funniest spoof movie I've seen in a while.
GOOD The sequel to deconstruct all sequels
GOOD I'd like to report a murder.The buddy-cop comedy is dead, drowned in a sea of d*** jokes by directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller.Hey, at least it died doing what it loved.
FAIR What can you say about a movie that pokes fun at itself except 'Pass me the popcorn?'Because '22 Jump Street' is great grownup popcorn-movie fun!
GOOD Abundant in charm and loose-limbed energy, it's a guaranteed crowd-pleaser, possessing everything one wants from a big Hollywood studio action-comedy.
FAIR You'll be laughing too damn hard to care that sometimes 22 Jump Street feels a little familiar
GOOD They don't NOT_just NOT_repeat themselves, they become the idiotic Platonic ideal of repetition.
GOOD 22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street.It knows it, you know it, and it knows that you know it.And that is why it's brilliant.
FAIR Wild, fast, fun and, in the service of comedy, bromantic.
FAIR Let's just say that the prospect of a 23 Jump Street seems more like a favor than a threat.
GOOD The plot isn't NOT_original but the humor is fresh and the humor is the reason we see these movies.
BAD I have a hard time believing the movie had a script that included dialogue.The movie has no character development.It's an embarrassment.
FAIR Phil Lord and Christopher Miller's second-best film of the year (behind The Lego Movie).
FAIR Funny sequel is just as crude, over-the-top as the first.
BAD I was let down by 22 Jump Street, and it once again proves that sequels are often inferior to their predecessor for a number of reasons.
GOOD 22 Jump Street pulls off the comedy sequel balancing act better than just about any comparative franchise - with extra points for skewing its own sequelness.
GOOD This is movie-making on the grandest scale.
GOOD How did David Lean and star Peter O'Toole achieve such perfection?If we could define and distil it, we wouldn't NOT_need a NOT_special category for those flicks we NOT_call NOT_'classics.'Lawrence of Arabia is that, and then some.
GOOD This is a movie with the excitement of a cavalry charge.
GOOD This seven-Oscar wonder remains exhilarating thanks to Freddie Young's majestic desert lensing, Maurice Jarre's gorgeous score and Peter O'Toole's career-defining portrayal of the feted but flawed protagonist.
GOOD It may be legend, and it may be romanticized, but "Lawrence of Arabia" feels authentic.It's as stirring an epic as Hollywood has ever produced-one reason why the American Film Institute has named it the Number 1 epic of all time.
GOOD O'Toole, all piercing blue eyes and steadfast idealism, buzzes with charisma in the role of a lifetime.
FAIR ...an overlong yet watchable epic...
GOOD Mature teens will appreciate this gripping epic.
GOOD Sweeping, epic, majestic, awesome, sumptuous, you name the grandiose superlative and you'll be right, with amazing performances and gorgeous visuals, although very, very long.
GOOD [It] remains one of the most intelligent, handsome, and influential of all war epics.
GOOD A gorgeous epic with an outstanding performance from Peter O'Toole.
FAIR The only way to properly see Lean's overstuffed epic is on the big screen, the better to appreciate the glorious desert vistas, Maurice Jarre's soaring score and the glowing performance by then-unknown Peter O'Toole as a messianic T.E.Lawrence.
GOOD Approach it from whatever angle you like, performances, script, cinematography, score; David Lean's sweeping biography of T.E.Lawrence is unarguably magnificent.
GOOD It's a truly magnificent film.
GOOD For all the stunning shots of windswept dunes and battle sequences featuring a cast of hundreds, this is the study of a man in deep conflict.
FAIR The sweeping sands and landscapes in this film are breathtaking and that's what puts David Lean as one of the great epic filmmakers of all time.
GOOD Stirring historical biography is epic, intimate and awe-inspiring.
GOOD An epic achievement in filmmaking.
GOOD A shining example of a vanished breed of epic filmmaking.
GOOD A cracking good adventure yarn, as well as a disturbing psychological profile of a man destined to become a great leader but an even greater dupe.
FAIR If nothing else, this film is absolutely gorgeously shot.
GOOD Riveting from beginning to end, featuring stellar performances, amazing cinematography, and a story without a trace of fat, the film does everything an epic is supposed to do -- and more.
GOOD One of the rare instances of "Oscars" ending in right hands.
GOOD Grand in every sense, David Lean's film is an example of an established director full of confidence and ambition.
GOOD Still looks awesome and packs a tremendous punch.
GOOD ...the best epic the screen has ever seen.In terms of sheer sweep, intelligence, and star power, nothing much comes close.
BAD As a solo viewing experience, this is feeble indeed, but invite some friends over for a BYOB bash and its entertainment value rises substantially.
FAIR Even if it is a compromised version of the TV show, it's far, far better than nothing.
FAIR Fluffy, good-natured, endlessly quotable fun, just like you remember it.
FAIR Shot in the same campy style that characterized the TV show, all the cast members look like they are having a great time chewing up the scenery.
FAIR 1960s flick won't appeal to today's kids.
FAIR Unlike other attempts at bringing these characters to life... the TV cast really captures the inherent insanity of the roles
GOOD Campy, colorful fun with the Caped Crusader plus several of his TV villains.
FAIR It exists.
FAIR Campy fun
FAIR The delirious idiosyncracies of the '60s Batman are all on display...a pleasant-enough romp that's just a little too-distracted with its new toys.[Blu-Ray]
FAIR If you loved the series, the movie is what you would expect.
FAIR It's goofy, cornball charm sure wears a lot better than the last two "serious" Batman flicks.
FAIR For camp value only
GOOD Why do they always try to revamp Batman when they got it so right almost 40 years ago?
FAIR Holy Cornball Camp, Batman!This movie's a hoot!
FAIR While the film is far from perfect, it's meant to be that way.
BAD Dreadful unwatchable movie version of the campy Batman television series popular in the 1960s.
BAD I can't recommend the film although it does have its moments.
BAD The doting-mother jokes are all familiar, but rendered with an earnest quality, as though a parent-offspring mediation group is to convene after the film ends.
BAD Gag.Stallone's character should have been shot by overbearing Getty Mom.
BAD Sly is well meaning but just misses the mark.
BAD Stallone & Getty?No magic here.
BAD This mom is impossible without being funny.
BAD Further proof that Sly should stick to action.
BAD Being shot might be preferable to sitting through this
BAD Stop! making lousy comedies or you'll permanently damage your career.
BAD Sometimes, you just have to sit back and wonder what Stallone was thinking.
BAD I can't believe I watched this.
BAD Spottiswoode directs action well but at about 90 minutes, this film is about 60 minutes longer than its material.
BAD It is moronic beyond comprehension, an exercise in desperation during which even Sylvester Stallone, a repository of self-confidence, seems to be disheartened.
FAIR Although Rocky II builds itself around a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, the movie is anything but a lazy sequel.
FAIR Sly sequel is as predictable as a gym workout.
GOOD Pretty good sequel, among several that followed, this time directed by Stallone.
GOOD Considerably less satisfying than the original Rocky, but head and shoulders above the later installments.
FAIR ...can't help but come off as the most needless installment of the bunch...
GOOD "Rocky II" represents far more than just a good-looking fight.It's all about trusting in yourself and overcoming fear in striving for greatness.
BAD Rocky II has a waxy feeling, and it never NOT_comes to life the way its predecessor did.
GOOD The best of the sequels.Explores the aftermath of Rocky's success.
GOOD While cruder than the first film, Rocky II successfully drives its hero back to the underdog status needed to make the final fight as exciting and satisfying as it is.
BAD Feels, unmistakably, like Paramount and everybody involved was trying to get through it as fast as possible, dumping the series in an alley to let the rats gnaw at the body.
FAIR Lots of sci-fi action mixed in with messages about peace.
FAIR ...fun stuff, unoriginal or not.
BAD It's a shame The Next Generation crew went out on this flat note.
BAD The geek exodus from Star Trek will continue with this middling movie, a cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD Without an intriguing adversary for Capt.Jean-Luc Picard and crew, it's all for naught.
BAD Disappointing.
FAIR Tinkers around with an intriguing premise but with little creative facility for dialogue or structure...[splits] the difference between fans and neophytes, impressing neither.
FAIR If you're a fan you'll be satisfied, if not ecstatic, but it's doubtful that this movie will win any new converts.
BAD A movie that blandly goes where too many Star Trek pictures have gone before.
BAD ... The science fiction franchise that has been an institution since ... the late 1960s may be starting to show its age.
BAD Infelizmente, ha muito tempo a serie deixou de ser sobre seus personagens e passou a priorizar os efeitos visuais - e o roteiro do sempre mediocre John Logan, com sua trama datada e seus pessimos dialogos, so piora a situacao.
FAIR It doesn't NOT_deliver anything NOT_new to the series, and even fans might find parts distinctly slow, but it finally hits most of the right buttons.
FAIR Well, there goes the theory about the even-numbered ones all being good.
BAD Boring, dark, gooey, with plenty of earnest, furrowed brows all around.
BAD We are strictly going through the motions here folks
BAD To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago . . .
FAIR If this is The Next Generation's final voyage, then it goes somewhat gently into that good night rather than raging against the dying of the light.Should a final adventure give them the justice they deserve?Like Picard, I say 'Make it so!'
FAIR For me, this flight aboard the Enterprise was a bit of a letdown.
BAD It's been almost 10 years since "Star Trek: The Next Generation" ended in 1994, but you'd never NOT_know it by NOT_watching the NOT_latest film in the science fiction franchise, "Star Trek: Nemesis."
FAIR ...the Federation should consider their legacy before embarking on another tired journey...Alas, it's time for the filmmakers to stay home and avoid the exhaustive trappings of being their own worse enemy...ah, in this case...nemesis!
BAD ... it may be time for Paramount to more on to other Star Trek movie ideas or just more on together... enjoy it for what it is: one more time to see a beloved crew defeat evil in space.
BAD This will test fan loyalty to destruction.
BAD While there's nothing to fault in the performances or even the storyline, it's forgettable the moment the credits roll.
BAD A sci-fi snoozer.
BAD Sorry, Captain, our dilithium crystals are run down completely.The Star Trek franchise is dead in the water!
BAD Feels like a cold old man going through the motions.
BAD A cheapo space battle that has all the cool allure of a disco-dancing Dad.
BAD It simply doesn't NOT_have the NOT_sharp inventiveness and insight we usually associate with the franchise.
FAIR definitely something different, even if it doesn't NOT_quite NOT_live up to the filmmakers' NOT_obviously NOT_grandiose ideas
FAIR Sure, it's more of the same, but as the film proves, that's not NOT_always a NOT_bad thing.
BAD The dialogue is inane, the plot insipid, and with the exception of some nifty special effects at the very beginning, this has nothing whatsoever to recommend it.
BAD Somebody call Austin Powers, quick!
BAD To answer the question at hand, yes, The Avengers is pretty bad.Not slip-a-disk-running-from-the-theater kind of bad, but a shift-in-your-seat, "oh-for-goodness'-sake-get-on-with-it!" kind of bad.
BAD Fiennes and Thurman look fine in the familiar outfits, but aren't very good at banter, adventure or romance.
BAD This movie -- gaudy, grandiloquent and often staggeringly silly -- is one more example of how bloated and top-heavy many "event" action movies have become.
BAD The Avengers is, without a doubt, the worst movie of the summer.
BAD This big-budget bore looks lovely but is so miscalculated that you can't help but wonder whether anyone involved had ever seen the original.
BAD The cult 1960s TV series gets royally shafted by Hollywood in this stunningly designed blockbuster that's stunningly awful in every other department.
BAD This dull spinoff of the 1960s television series has a spectacular cast but little energy and no ideas at all.
BAD A few things you might consider doing instead of seeing The Avengers: Walking the dog.Turning the compost.Re-grouting the bathtub.Starting your 1999 taxes.Buying a dog.Starting a compost heap.
BAD Everything that the spy spoof Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery played for laughs, The Avengers treats with earnest, deadly seriousness.This is a mixed blessing.
BAD An unmitigated disaster.
BAD The Avengers is so bad it even elicits a horrible -- even embarrassing -- performance from Sean Connery.
BAD A horrifyingly bad movie by any measure; but it feels like the graphic proof of a vicious God in comparison to the television show.
BAD Thoroughly and consistently awful.
BAD Running a scant 90 minutes, it often feels as if a couple reels ended up on the cutting-room floor.Connery is absolutely delightful, though.
BAD Finnes and Thurman look great as agents John Steed and Emma Peel who set out to thwart Connery's diabolical scheme, but they have zilch for chemistry.
GOOD Having finally been forced to watch the big screen version of the classic '60s British TV series, I have to confess that I thought it was a lot of well-intended fun.
BAD To say Fiennes and Thurman don't NOT_have the chemistry of Macnee and Rigg isn't enough.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Don Adams and Barbara Feldon.They don't NOT_have the chemistry of Boris and Natasha.
BAD The writing is unfortunate, attempting clever repartee between the attractive stars, but just succeeding in making everyone slightly embarrassed.
FAIR Its two stars, Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman, rise to the occasion and create an amusingly proper version of the high-impact spy story, while generating just enough sexual tension to keep us interested.
BAD It will suck life force from you.
BAD The Avengers throws tons of wild things at you, but there's absolutely no logic to it.
BAD I had heard it was bad... but this is downright silly.
BAD Oh, I am so angry I paid full price!Don't make the same mistake I did!I can save you the trouble and pain and bitterness.Listen to me.Don't go see it!
GOOD Nick Park is a genius.Enough said.
GOOD A quest for cheese has never NOT_been NOT_more NOT_gutbustingly funny.
FAIR Funny for families of all ages, this animated comedy is a rare and delightful treat.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits is cinematic booty that shines like gold.
GOOD The Pirates! is the first truly great animated film of the year: a painstakingly-modelled laugh riot that boggles the mind while tickling the funnybone.
FAIR It's got great vocal talent and well-done animation, but it proves once again that the story is the key ingredient.
GOOD A rollicking good time that offers enough broad comedy mixed with more cerebral sight gags to ensure this will be a family favourite for years to come.
FAIR It's full of jokes for adults that will fly right over kids' heads, but retains just enough plot conflict and slapstick to keep younger audiences involved as well.
FAIR The Aardman folks might not NOT_have NOT_created a pirate film to NOT_rival the NOT_big screen's best, but they've created a subtle parody of pirate movies that's well worth watching.
GOOD Yes, the film feels childish, but in the best possible way.
FAIR ... enough amusing throwaway gags to keep us entertained.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits deserves two doubloons up.It shivered me funny bone.
GOOD The fun, infectious tone is set early on and never peters out.The humor is kind of like Monty Python for kids.
FAIR Droll and charming, and will probably appeal more to fans of Monty Python and 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' than to young kids...
GOOD This is a very funny, very good looking movie getting lost in the fray.
FAIR The best laughs come around the fringes, with great throwaway gags and Grant's usual self-deprecating way with dialogue.
BAD A few funny lines and a great vocal turn by Hugh Grant.All else is unexciting.Can't see the kids going wild over this one.
FAIR Deserves no NOT_small amount of credit for NOT_being an NOT_absolute delight... and for never NOT_acting like the viewer NOT_is an idiot NOT_even as it NOT_never NOT_requires that the viewer NOT_be a genius.
GOOD As a running gag, the man-panzee is pretty predictable, but as an observation of how cute creatures are perpetually manipulated and abused in family entertainments, it is rather rich.
GOOD It's hard to emphasize enough just how intricate it is, abundant with rich details...At the same time, it's also warmly human, with characters so expressive you'll want to join the crew.
GOOD The majority of the film can't quite live up to this barnstorming first half hour, but it remains a delight throughout, even when the gags become a little more hit and miss.
FAIR Another winner from Aardman
BAD I wish I could call the plot about a dodo bird 'whimsical,' but there just wasn't NOT_enough NOT_laughs from these 'Pirates.'
BAD The filmmakers have said they are already dreaming up a sequel.They needn't hurry.Whatever treasures these pirates have are well buried.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits, succeeds in spite of a faint but persistent sense of factory settings and finishes.
FAIR The Pirates! Band of Misfits fares OK against most modern toon flicks but pales next to other Aardman releases.How a person chooses to rate its success depends on whether one looks at a glass of water and views it as half-full or half-empty.
GOOD a gem of a movie that deserves more praise and audience than it'll probably get
GOOD Delivers all of the laughs, giggles and guffaws land lubbers like us want in a silly film like this.
FAIR There is a lot to like about The Pirates!, especially for those of us who watch a lot of BBC America.
FAIR Young and old alike love a good pirate yarn and the stop-motion specialists at Aardman Animations deliver the goods.
GOOD Pirate adventure blends Victorian history, high-seas fun.
GOOD Pirates haven't generated this many laughs since Johnny Depp's first dip into the Caribbean.
GOOD Even with all the enormous pirate ships, detailed cityscapes and dazzling action, Pirates! is at its best when it focuses on the sillier, calmer moments.
GOOD Nothing is put together for you, but all the pieces of the puzzle are there for you to create what you want.It's refreshing to see a movie that is completely out of the box, and doesn't NOT_follow any NOT_present forumla.THE WALL is a great rock opera.
GOOD Visually stunning and disturbing, an essential midnight movie.
GOOD A stunning portrayal of a slide from isolation into madness.And the music rocks, too--bonus.
BAD One of Alan Parker's few truly bad movies.
GOOD Visually stunning yet strangely forced tale.
FAIR dated and self-aggrandizing but a watershed
BAD Good music.Sick imagery.
GOOD A midnight movie classic!
GOOD This dark coming-of-age story is a unique romp.
FAIR The further adventures of immigrant mice.
FAIR What can you say about a sequel that comes five years later and yet feels rushed?
BAD Our sweet little Fievel has been stricken with a case of sequelitis ... but it's not NOT_too NOT_bad.
GOOD The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, featuring his heroic man-and-dog duo, Wallace and Gromit, is Park at his sublimely silly best.
GOOD Park and co have shaped a wonderfully warm and fuzzy family adventure out of old horror clichA (C)s.
GOOD Instead of vainly pursuing today's latest trends, only to see them turn into tomorrow's embarrassments, Park and co.fall back on the values of the past, preferring substance and craft to the fleetingly voguish.
GOOD It's a one-joke premise, but part of Nick Park's madness/genius is the skill and detail with which he approaches it.
FAIR With Were-Rabbit, Mr. Park establishes Gromit as the best animated canine character since Snoopy.
GOOD Full of the British wit and kinetic action-movie thrills that have made Nick Park's cartoons so popular.
FAIR ...cute and pleasant (yet essentially forgettable)...
FAIR click to read review [Greek]
BAD It's a surprising misstep from the people who gave us Chicken Run.
GOOD The comedy is never NOT_indulged at the expense of the plot, which NOT_flies off in NOT_genuinely NOT_unexpected directions, NOT_culminating in a boundlessly NOT_inventive NOT_funfair chase sequence.
GOOD I don't NOT_see how anyone who NOT_enjoys their NOT_animated movies won't NOT_NOT_enjoy all of this one.
GOOD Gromit...could teach ninety percent of the actors working today something.He can say more in a glance than most actors can using their entire range of tools.
GOOD Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is an inventive pseudo-thriller in the Claymation style.
GOOD An unqualified success.
GOOD This might be Plasticine's finest hour.
GOOD Taken as a whole, this is a superb film and an astonishing technical achievement.
FAIR The script this time is really better than the animation and the result is genuinely funny.This is an animated film, but it aims to please the whole family and its aim is good.
GOOD [Not] merely one of the best animated films of the year; it's the best, and further, ranks among 2005's most satisfying cinematic experiences.
GOOD A delight for the kids and well set to take classic status.
GOOD Cheeky and inventive, it's the perfect Halloween movie for the kids!Or as they say, it's the world's first vegetarian horror movie.
GOOD It doesn't NOT_feel produced; it NOT_feels made.
GOOD It deserves to be the biggest thing in animated features since Shrek and quite possibly Toy Story.
FAIR The first two acts of the movie are actually solid, filled with vintage W&G moments as well as some stunning animation.
GOOD It's a ripping good yarn, to boot, breathlessly paced and seamlessly edited, but most important, resoundingly and surpassingly fun.
GOOD Park and Box make this 85 minute film feel like a half hour with its quick moving plot line, making it perfect for children.
GOOD It is suitable for any child who can follow a complicated story -- although there are some scary bits -- and it is equally appealing to the child hiding in any adult.
GOOD There is something indescribably satisfying about the vaguely off-kilter world of Wallace and Gromit and its litany of details.
FAIR There's none of the Hollywood cynicism or too-clever winks meant to instill a sense of exclusive superiority, just a sincere celebration of what makes good filmmaking and a desire to entertain.
GOOD It is funny, exciting, and it's a fantastic piece of animation.
FAIR Go for the beginning and the end and try to endure the middle.
BAD A shockingly crass grab for holiday pocket money that's both infantile and endlessly patronising.
BAD A re-hash of tired cliches and CGI effects.
BAD That the lead character is a 'male cow' complete with udders shows how confused the picture is.
FAIR A beatifully animated simple but fun plot, carries enough giggles for all age groups.
BAD The animation is perfectly colorful and the voice actors earn their paychecks, but it's blatantly obvious that this thing started production without a screenplay -- and hit the screens without a plot.
BAD Deserves to be hanging in the nearest meat locker.
BAD This could be the film that snaps everyone's patience with Hollywood animations which have a Dell computer chip where their heart should be.
BAD There are far better ways of keeping the kids happy.
FAIR Good voice talent and some funny moments.
BAD It's impossible to shake the impression that Barnyard was written by idiots.Why else would the male cows have udders?
BAD The design is uninteresting, the characters are bland and the story is terrible.
BAD Strictly for kids, and, as the three or four people who saw Oedekerk's previous directing effort, Kung Pow: Enter the Fist, can attest, the writer/director tends to stretch even throwaway jokes minutes past the punch line.
FAIR Ben the Cow (the voice of Sam Elliott) has to teach his carefree son Otis (Kevin James) the responsibility of leadership over the farm animals.This is far from Otis' mind, but inevitable.Barnyard is a farm version of The Lion King with eno
FAIR There is a nice mix of humour and pathos here.Barnyard may not NOT_be all that NOT_exceptional, but it is quite satisfying.
BAD Not NOT_good NOT_enough for NOT_even a rental, this 'Barnyard' should NOT_be NOT_burned for fear of NOT_mad cow disease
BAD Barnyard doesn't NOT_know if it NOT_wants to NOT_be another NOT_tiresomely NOT_'hip' piece of NOT_post-Shrek postmodernism or a comfortably traditional kids' movie that delivers family values without the self-conscious smirk.
BAD Could cause more gender confusion than 'Transamerica.'
FAIR All the cows have udders - even the male ones.In real life, only female cows have udders.What kind of sick, alternate cow universe does this movie take place in anyway?
BAD Barnyard is a one-note premise that falls flat after about 10 minutes.
BAD "Barnyard" doesn't stink.But it's not the cream of the crop, either.
BAD The funniest joke is the one nobody talks about: the gender confusion of male cows with udders.
BAD Barnyard isn't a NOT_complete waste of time, it's NOT_just NOT_too familiar.
BAD A Lion King clone that's tailored to the Fisher-Price crowd.
BAD With shamefully obvious nods to the father/son sentimentality of traditional Disney 'toons and even an awkward love interest, Barnyard is a mishmash of modern cartoon cliches.
BAD With 'Barnyard,' the androgynous udders, as annoying as they can be, are about the only original thing to be found in the whole movie.
BAD never NOT_really NOT_amazing NOT_enough to NOT_separate it from the rest of the herd of NOT_great animation that we've NOT_seen this summer.
BAD [W]hy do the male cows have udders?..This isn't NOT_supposed to NOT_be the NOT_animated version of TransAmerica.
BAD doesn't NOT_just NOT_violate the audience's NOT_right to NOT_entertainment, it NOT_violates NOT_animal dignity to NOT_such an extent that PETA might NOT_want to NOT_consider NOT_getting NOT_involved
BAD The CG animation looks like rubbery plastic instead of animals, and much of it is spent on jokes related to derrieres and hindquarters.
BAD Lesbian Cows!!! Lesbian COWS!!!! Carnivorous LESBIAN COWS!!!! Aarg!
BAD There's barely enough of a story to sustain a short film, much less a feature.
BAD Forget the confusion of the he-cows that populate the film; the real problem is that Barnyard is just a lousy, lousy movie.
BAD Udderly ordinary.
BAD Nearly every joke lays an egg.
BAD your kid won't NOT_learn anything from Barnyard, but they might need 10 years of therapy after viewing the movie's fight scenes and COYOTES ATTACKING THE FARM.
BAD Laughter comes from the movie's absurdity, not its comedy.
BAD Other than confusing children, it's hard to know what the inane, tedious, mean-spirited Barnyard is trying to do.
GOOD A most welcome, utterly delightful treat.
FAIR ...this first half is essentially throat-clearing before the operatic finale.The pacing seems abrupt and rapid...
GOOD Extremely violent animated addition to the Batman story.
GOOD If you're a Batman fan, just hearing the words The Dark Knight Returns likely gets you excited, so this film was probably already on your radar...
GOOD DC's theatrical releases may be facing a bleak future, but titles like this remind us that their direct-to-video line is alive and well.
GOOD It's highly respectful of the work on which it is based, yet also a solidly entertaining effort in its own right.
BAD A watchable made-for-video feature...
FAIR One of the few good Scooby Doo animated movies...
FAIR Genuinely creepy Scooby outing.
GOOD Wet yourself funny.Just priceless.
GOOD An irresistable charmer.
BAD Whipping up the energy to dislike it seems entirely disproportionate to how trivial and disposable the product is.
BAD Dreadful animated folktale has some scares.
FAIR A fairly desperate attempt to create a plot where there's no room for one.
BAD A typically low-rent direct-to-video Disney sequel...
FAIR nice cartoon
FAIR The PG-13 rating...reflects the mortal intensity of this most chilling of animated Batman tales.
GOOD Surprising cartoon shocker that would have made a great live action Batman movie.
GOOD The whole story is brimming with suspense, action, and humor - in short, everything a great movie can be.
BAD While it may be a very good movie, it's not one NOT_you'll watch over and over again.
GOOD If the premise of Batman Beyond was originally a gimmick, it has become one that is equally innovative and carefully crafted.
BAD An incoherent, interminable mess...
BAD You may not NOT_like Treasure Island when you NOT_see it, but what you can't dismiss is that it's definitely not commercial.
FAIR Though it will surely confound mainstream audiences, it should prove something of a treasure for viewers prepared for a provocative and idiosyncratic work.
GOOD At once enchanting and emboldening...
GOOD It is the most dynamic animated film ever made, and the prance of its camera, the sense of penetration into its action, the brilliantly paced editing pyrotechnics give it a crackle of life far more abundant than any feature that's come before.
GOOD It's cartoon Cocteau, but just look at the children's faces as they watch it.
GOOD It's exceptionally difficult to make an audience care for animated characters unless they're mermaids or anthropomorphized animals or insects, yet the Disney animators, with a big assist from the vocal talents of a superb cast, have pulled it off.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast is certainly adequate holiday entertainment for children and their more indulgent parents...But the film has little of the technical facility, vivid characterization and emotional impact of Disney past.
GOOD Remains as wondrous and beautiful as ever.
GOOD Pure fairytale escapism that doesn't NOT_boast any NOT_digital trickery, celebrity voiceovers or unnecessary action.
GOOD Disney's most perfectly achieved combination of animation, story-telling and song must surely be this loving tribute to the old fairytale.
FAIR There's no NOT_doubting the NOT_craftsmanlike elegance of the film, NOT_summoning up with relish the spirit of NOT_classic fairytale Disney of the 50s and 60s...
GOOD Unsubtle perhaps, but never NOT_fails to NOT_hit the right notes.
GOOD Magic.
GOOD Reaches a level of artistry, sophistication and musical excellence that's still to be bettered by the Mouse House - or indeed its rivals.
GOOD The greatest animated film ever made and one of the screen's great musicals hardly NOT_needs this NOT_(3D) sort of sprucing up.
GOOD I admit it: I wrote this more than 20 years ago.But, like " Beauty and the Beast" itself, I think it stands the test of time.
GOOD Disney, please understand ... what people are actually showing up for ... they just want to see classic Disney on the big screen.The 3D is incidental.
GOOD Watching this in a theater definitely makes it feel less like a "cartoon" and more like a significant film.Cogsworth poking Le Fou in the butt with a sword aside.
GOOD One of the brightest jewels in Disney's crown, Beauty and the Beast's 3D reissue takes nothing away and makes the film's brilliance even easier to appreciate; the movie is more beautiful and timeless than it ever was.
FAIR The lines have begun to show in Belle's tale, which remains enjoyable but feels more like a quaint artifact than the masterpiece it once was declared to be.
GOOD Both TANGLED EVER AFTER and BEAUTY AND THE BEAST are sure to enthrall audiences everywhere, even if the 3D doesn't NOT_really NOT_add NOT_much of anything to this NOT_animated classic.
FAIR What you gain in an extra, faked dimension you lose in lively, genuine beauty.
GOOD The 3-D pops out to enhance the drama or energy of scenes in which settings are large and integral to the action.
FAIR Beauty and the Beast looks beautiful and is sure to entertain, but this experience is superfluous at best-it was already a three-dimensional story long before these new technics.
BAD Better remembered than seen, Beauty and the Beast has been treated unkindly not NOT_just by the years that NOT_have NOT_passed since it NOT_was NOT_released to NOT_enormous acclaim in 1991, but by a faddish 3D conversion.
GOOD The ultimate makeover story has strong, positive messages.
FAIR ...an above average (yet far-from-flawless) animated endeavor.
GOOD With its strong characters and lively storytelling, animated or not, this deserves its place alongside the cinema greats.
GOOD As far as "Classic Disney," Beauty and the Beast pretty much has it all.Y'know, for kids.[Blu-ray]
GOOD A classic story of redemption, love, purity and friendship - a film worthy of our love and attention.
GOOD This beloved 1991 film has never NOT_looked NOT_better, and seems even more magical in Blu-ray.
GOOD Beauty and the Beast is one of the year`s most entertaining films for both adults and children.
GOOD This isn't NOT_merely the NOT_best of the princess features; NOT_it's NOT_very NOT_close to NOT_being the NOT_best Disney movie of them all.
GOOD Baby dinosaur buddy flick that started the series.
FAIR What charmed me when I first saw it as a six-year-old in theaters now strikes me as rather middling, indifferent storytelling and character development.
FAIR Most of ''The Land Before Time'' is so authentically geared to the thinking of children that it should charm adults as well.
GOOD A very good animated film, but nothe where near intriguing enough to inspire copious sequels.
FAIR I guess I sort of liked the film, although I wonder why it couldn't have spent more time on natural history and the sense of discovery, and less time on tragedy.
FAIR It is full of the delightful merriment of childhood, albeit dinosaur childhood not Homo sapiens.For a sweet and simple little picture the whole family can gather round the tube and watch with delight, this one delivers the goods.
BAD Ouch.Lame Sandler attempt at holiday humor.
BAD Sentimentality and secretions, with a generous helping of blatant product placement, do not NOT_make for the NOT_most NOT_graceful of holiday entertainments.
BAD Adam Sandler's goal may have been to provide a holiday movie with Chanukah as the central celebration, but it's not NOT_suitable for children and not NOT_entertaining to NOT_most adults.
FAIR ... a story whose cleverness and meaning is sullied among horseplay we can't take the kids to see.
BAD It's about time that all the Christmas movies out there were balanced with a decent Hannukah movie.Sadly, this isn't it.
BAD ...ideal for Adam Sandler fans who were confused by Punch-Drunk Love.
FAIR Only in the world of Adam Sandler could an animated message of inter-faith holiday appreciation be mixed in with a sextet of defecating deer, a woman with three breasts and songs about hatred and drinking.
BAD Small-town goofballs, bizarre musical numbers and plenty of toilet humor -- ah, the holidays are here again.
BAD it's got all the warmth and charm of the Bataan Death March
BAD Don't NOT_let your festive spirit NOT_go this far.
BAD This movie's gotta be the result of some pot-induced wager between Adam Sandler and his nattering cronies: "Hey guys, I'm like a $20 million movie star!How freakin' FUNNY is that?I bet I can make ANY movie I want!"
FAIR Nothing but side-splitting, richly coloured, instant classic laughs -- all with the typical Sandler touch.
BAD Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire.
BAD Unlike Trey Parker, Sandler doesn't NOT_understand that the idea of NOT_exploiting molestation for laughs NOT_is NOT_funny, NOT_not NOT_actually NOT_exploiting it yourself.
BAD I'd prefer to think of Sandler in Punch-Drunk Love, the one good movie of the three he did this year.
FAIR Sandler is at his best as a rage-filled jerk, and at his worst as two of the most irritating characters in all of cartoondom.
BAD There's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career.
BAD Eight Crazy Nights is a shallow, crude, mean-spirited and painfully unfunny excursion into lunacy...
BAD Not NOT_even Steven Spielberg NOT_has NOT_dreamed up NOT_such NOT_blatant and sickening product placement in a movie.
BAD It ain't funny, it ain't good, and it ain't a step in the right direction for co-writer and star Sandler.
FAIR Adam Sandler's 8 Crazy Nights" is a crass, crude holiday stocking filled with disgustingly inappropriate humor.
BAD Almost as offensive as "Freddy Got Fingered."
BAD When all is said and done, [it] could have afforded another rewrite and a willingness to avoid pandering to the MPAA ratings board.
BAD Sandler is remaining true to his own traditions, although it remains to be seen whether anyone will thank him for that once they've seen the movie.
BAD The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork.
BAD It leaves no NOT_bodily fluid NOT_unexpressed, no heartstring unplucked.
BAD Irritating, boring, gross, silly.
BAD Do not, under any circumstances, consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor.
BAD Without question, it is not the NOT_major Hanukkah family classic NOT_just NOT_waiting to NOT_be made.
BAD An abomination so horrendously bad that it defies description.
BAD It's definitely not NOT_made for kids or their parents, for that matter, and I think even fans of Sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting.
BAD [T]hat fluttering sound you hear [is] just the critics' goodwill Sandler earned from Punch-Drunk Love flying out the window.
BAD A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401(k) statement.
BAD Too childish to be enjoyed by adults and too nasty to be enjoyed by the toddlers.
BAD Here's to hoping we never NOT_have to NOT_spend a NOT_9th NOT_crazy night with Whitey, Davey, and the whole crappy gang.
BAD Every bit as violent, profane, mean-spirited and artificially sentimental as any live-action Adam Sandler movie.
FAIR The artwork is quite powerful, and it makes the drama a bit more mature than in a simpler animated cartoon.
GOOD Burton and his collaborators present a movie musical that's like nothing you've ever seen.
FAIR Visually a macabre knockout, this 75-minute fantasy boasts some of the wittiest, most vigorous stop-motion animation effects in the history of the process.
FAIR Disney's sophisticated stop-motion animation (an advanced version of techniques used to create Gumby) creates a truly breathtaking visual landscape.
GOOD Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas has a grotesque charm, a pie-eyed magic.
FAIR Macabre and astonishing.
GOOD So Burton-esque is this world that it remains baffling that he didn't NOT_direct, megaphone duties NOT_instead NOT_falling to Henry Selick.
GOOD Only the deliciously demented imagination of Edward Scissorhands director Tim Burton could have come up with such a dark vision of the holiday season.
GOOD In the 13 years since it was released to a predictably puzzled family audience, Tim Burton's macabre stop motion musical has wound its way through cult affection (and survived mall-Goth appropriation) to earn its rightful place as a genuine classic.
GOOD Tim Burton magic with just a touch of scariness.
GOOD ...endlessly delightful, even as it deals in icky bugs and severed limbs.
GOOD A work of grand visual wit, clever songs, funny gags and genuine pathos, it is perhaps the greatest stop-motion animated film ever, a painstaking style of model animation that computers have all but completely done away with.
GOOD O tom divertidamente sombrio da narrative, associado a uma direcao de arte magnifica e a otima trilha de Elfman, acaba resultando num conto de fadas que deve tanto aos Grimm quanto ao Expressionismo Alemao.
GOOD inspiring, wacky, and infused with Burton's unique romanticism suffused with, but not NOT_subsumed by, a NOT_gothic sensibility
GOOD A twisted revamp of Rankin-Bass by way of Edward Gorey.[Blu-ray]
GOOD a brilliant feat of movie making
GOOD This hugely entertaining horror fable for all the family might suffer from pacing problems, but it's also a true original that still stands out from today's CGI-heavy crowd.
GOOD The result, though refreshingly different from mainstream animated fare, is ultimately more trick than treat.
GOOD The characters are vivid and often hilariously revolting.... Visually, the film is absolutely gorgeous.
GOOD The hippest of all holiday classics, the 1993 release rendered anew in 3-D format remains a postmodern three-ring circus of morbid humor, eye-popping puppet animation and show-stopping songs.
GOOD Is it cooler than ever in 3-D?Well, sure.But essentially, it's the same movie that drew Tim Burton fans into theaters in 1993.
GOOD Concise, elegant, a tad scary, this is a treat for Halloween.
GOOD Burton's skewed vision is seamlessly realized by director Henry Selick and cleverly enhanced by Danny Elfman's songs.
FAIR The story of Jack Skellington, the Pumpkin King... is like Jack himself -- spindly and thin, but with a resounding voice.
GOOD feels like it should have always been in 3-D.
FAIR The Nightmare Before Christmas is a veritable bounty of visual delights.
GOOD Watching something like this on the big screen is always better than seeing it on DVD.Period.
GOOD Cute animated movie with a message for kids.
FAIR It's a fun adventure fantasy, and I was never bored...
BAD While the animation, particularly in the action set pieces, is indeed well done, it's nothing revolutionary nor imaginative that stands out from the rest in this CG-feature-a-week marketplace.
FAIR Ten year old Lucas Nickle ( the voice of Zach Tyler Eisen) stomps an anthill after an encounter with neighborhood bullies.With the help of a magic potion, the ants shrink the boy down to their size.The insects are about to get even and Lucas will learn
FAIR The film acknowledges that faith is an important part of our social fabric, and if the film has any moral lessons to pass on, it implicitly roots them in a spiritual foundation.
GOOD Besides keeping us entertained and occasionally thrilled, there's a nice sense that the film is actually saying something.
GOOD Enjoyable, brightly animated adventure with strong characters, superb gags and a script that isn't NOT_afraid to NOT_throw in a spot of NOT_political subtext.
BAD Writer-director John A Davis has one or two nice touches, but the film is disposable.
BAD It's not that Bully NOT_bugged me.It just never NOT_managed to NOT_fly.
BAD Just another bug movie.
FAIR It all seems very workaday.
BAD As kiddie entertainment it works well, with simple humour and lots of action.But there's not a lot to NOT_appeal to any NOT_accompanying adults.
FAIR It does have a spunky pace and the clever humor Davis' team brought to the Jimmy Neutron movie and TV series.
BAD Ant Bully, though short and well voiced, is nowhere near as important or influential as it tries to make itself seem and it feels more unnecessary than anything else.
FAIR Crawling with marvelous microcosmic animation ... A family cartoon for anyone who ever smashed an ant-pile as a kid and lived to regret it.
BAD The only thing it inspired in me was a sudden urge to spray the screen with Raid.
FAIR Families should swarm to "The Ant Bully.
FAIR Since it's hot out, and worth a matinee, take the kiddies.
BAD Burdened by a distinctly "been there, done that" vibe that I can't imagine will generate much excitement, even with the kiddies.
BAD It's not a lot NOT_more than the movie that NOT_came out between NOT_last week's Monster House and next week's Barnyard.
FAIR There's quite a bit of inventiveness here, which I found myself getting caught up in, even though it was a foregone conclusion where the film was heading.
FAIR Kids have always had a love-hate relationship with ants...and The Ant Bully ingeniously explores this childhood inconsistency.
FAIR ... good family fun.
FAIR ... unnecessary ...
FAIR ... a visually inventive charmer that nimbly juggles slapstick comedy, action sequences, and coming-of-age 'life lessons' with a refreshing minimum of sap.
FAIR ... The Ant Bully is just a great ride, but all that moralizing diminishes the fun of feeling ant-sized yourself and being immersed in Lucas's incredible adventures.
FAIR The screenplay is blessedly free of mediocre songs and light on flashy pop-culture in-jokes ...
FAIR If the Ant Bully story is generic, it is never NOT_plodding.It zips along quite nicely, aided by the especially well-constructed action sequences.
FAIR [T]he movie certainly means well, and its worthwhile message (teamwork is good, selfishness is bad) should penetrate the brains of kids old enough to stay in their seats and pay attention to it.
GOOD The brilliance of The Ant Bully is in the crafty way it delves into the minds of ants as they plot to save themselves from extermination... Davis creates a marvelously labyrinthine society for them, right below the surface of a bland suburb.
FAIR The Ant Bully isn't a kid classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion until the next ant movie comes along.
FAIR Bright visuals, snappy dialogue and a smart plot make The Ant Bully a welcome summer treat.
FAIR Though the story is predictable, the message is benign, and the visuals, particularly in IMAX 3-D, are stylized and surreal.
BAD While the picture has the star power of Nicolas Cage and Julia Roberts voicing insects in love, they're not NOT_nearly as NOT_interesting a couple as Woody Allen and Sharon Stone in Antz.
BAD This generic exercise in computer-generated animation may provide passable entertainment for very young children, but adults will be less than enchanted by its preachiness, talkiness and Communist Party-line political views.
FAIR The Ant Bully does not NOT_talk down to kids or feign to talk up to their parents with pop references, though adults may be amused (or maybe not) by the Christian parallel in the ants' religion.
FAIR It would be wrong to dismiss The Ant Bully as just another bug movie.
GOOD The Ant Bully is the summer's best family movie -- funny, action-packed, sometimes disgusting, sometimes affecting.
FAIR Lighthearted superhero action is fun -- but big toy ad.
FAIR Beautifully animated and utterly charming.
FAIR There are exciting moments but it's all a little too earnest and forgettable.
BAD It's not NOT_just NOT_Avatar that Aristomenis Tsirbas' film NOT_suffers in comparison to - NOT_even Planet 51 NOT_looks NOT_good beside it.
BAD This preachy animation parable remains resolutely dull and lifeless.
FAIR Despite the deja vu there's plenty to enjoy, and not NOT_just for kids, from an NOT_earnest NOT_environmental message to animation that NOT_comes NOT_alive when NOT_seen in NOT_3D.
BAD A stodgy, earnest tale.
FAIR The animation has an almost filigree quality that contrasts favourably with all but the best of its competitors.
BAD With its suspiciously similar plot and cheapo production values, a name change to Chav-atar is all but a formality.
FAIR This original, vividly designed sci-fi animation makes an astute commentary on current issues.
BAD It's the ASDA-price Avatar.
BAD The green issues -- not to NOT_mention an Iraq NOT_bombing reference -- NOT_are NOT_laboured and presented through huge amounts of exposition.
FAIR As it stands, Battle for Terra is a cinematic seesaw - up one moment, dragged down by derivative facets the next.
FAIR That the film has a fair amount on its mind and expresses its concerns in an effectively restrained manner is just gravy on top of a true visual feast.
BAD In making animation that isn't NOT_dark NOT_enough for NOT_older fans and is too message-centric for kids, Team Terra has created a film that will probably satisfy no one.
FAIR an intriguing and frequently exciting experiment in using 3-D computer-generated animation for serious-minded entertainment
GOOD Bold and challenging and endlessly exciting.
BAD Despite its noble anti-war, enviornmental message, it's cliched and formulaic.Unless the kids are clamoring, wait for the dvd.
BAD A forgettable animated movie that will do better on DVD than in the competitive movie arena
GOOD It's everything you wanted: A great science-fiction yarn, fascinating aliens, terrific battle scenes and moral dilemmas.I'm talking, of course, about 'Battle for Terra,' and not the NOT_upcoming NOT_'Star Trek' flick.
BAD Maybe aliens have an age group that will enjoy this, but humans don't.
FAIR The spaceships - and the film's ideological bent - jump out at you during the new 3-D film Battle for Terra
BAD Though young kids are as wowed as their parents by three-dimensional effects, neither age group has an attention span long enough to sit through this yawner.
BAD Although well-meaning, Battle for Terra is too tame to capture the active imagination of adventurous tots as a mediocre-driven meteorite looking to impact young minds with its slow-footed pacing and puffy-minded pathos.
FAIR Science-fiction geeks will be in paradise watching this animated adventure where...
GOOD takes the traditional CG film and elevates it to a higher level dealing with ugly issues of our own world using realistic logic in fantastic situations
BAD Aggressively ugly and intergalactically boring, the dismal sci-fi kiddie cartoon Battle for Terra is too weak to be shown anywhere except maybe on the next flight to Saturn.
BAD A film that will delight anyone under 6, and almost no one else.
FAIR An earnest 3-D eco-sermon.
BAD A cheap and tiresome outer space cartoon aimed at restless children, desperate parents and people who'll watch anything in 3-D.
FAIR In spite of the good intentions and colorful visuals, there's a flatness to the proceedings.
FAIR Battle for Terra turns an overly familiar sci-fi cliche on its head.
FAIR Battle for Terra makes a visually sophisticated break from the usual kid-fare, but the filmmakers have neglected to up the ante in any other respect.
FAIR Animated space adventure tackles war, complex themes.
FAIR What it lacks visually, Battle for Terra makes up for with fine voice acting, a lovely score and solid story-telling.
BAD Doe-eyed earnestness dulls every edge, and Eden-like naivete reigns supreme.
FAIR An earnest animated tale of war and peace in outer space, augmented by captivating 3-D images.
BAD A bad combination of simple-minded and heavy-handed.And the 3D animation feels practically coagulated in comparison to the fluid, smooth, energetic work in Monsters vs. Aliens.
BAD With a plot lacking no urgency, Shrek 3 NOT_is a NOT_well-animated film NOT_containing a NOT_few NOT_standout, but ultimately throwaway sequences that don't NOT_do NOT_enough to NOT_sustain our interest.
BAD From its humble, elegant origins as a slim children's book by William Steig, Shrek has metastasized into a symptom of and metaphor for the entertainment industry and modern culture in general.
BAD Shrek the Third has the curse of the third in a bankable series.It is too often sappy, tiresome, and overblown.A franchise such as Shrek, with all the money it has accumulated, should be able to buy a little freshness and originality.But instead
BAD The best thing it has going for it is its look, which is stunning.
FAIR Though the devious wit of the original remains, it is obscured by too many classic-rock interludes (courtesy of Led Zeppelin, Heart and Paul McCartney) and nudging pop-culture references that seem by now just part of the formula.
BAD The problem with this film is that after a quick, fun beginning they repeat a similar journey from the first film.Except this time, Shrek and Artie argue instead of Shrek and Fiona.
GOOD Princess power saves the day for ogre and pals.
BAD To trito sequel mias ap' tis pio dimofileis mythologies stin istoria toy animation, poy apodeiknyetai pera apo ahreiasto, olotela eisitiriothiriko kai safos katotero tis istorias toy kleisimo enos franchise poy ehei, ap' o,ti fainetai, pia eksantlithei.
FAIR Shrek the Third, which vigilantly flirts with the grey matter between child's play and adult humor, creates curious questions for children while bringing back beloved characters for another joyride in Far Far Away.
BAD It's far too open in its desires (MAKING MONEY) to be hate-worthy.
FAIR The film has little new to offer and the trailers show most of the funny moments.
GOOD Any film with the wherewithal to cast Ian McShane as Captain Hook has more going for it than flatulence.
FAIR This third outing sadly lacks in ambition and, at times, even offers the whiff of sitcom plotting and plodding.
FAIR It might be best to let the big guy live happily ever after.
BAD There can't be another episode in the pipeline unless it is decided to erase the memory of this one which simply doesn't NOT_achieve what the NOT_first two films NOT_managed: to NOT_appeal to kids and parents as well.
GOOD From beginning to end, it's very, very funny.Watch it.It's great.
BAD It would be a good idea for those involved to quit while they're still (just about) winning.
FAIR Unfortunately, a few flashes of brilliance don't NOT_stop this NOT_being a NOT_disappointing NOT_follow-up to the NOT_brilliant NOT_first two films.don't let that stop you from taking your kids to see it so they can make up their own minds.
FAIR Under-10s will probably enjoy it while adults will feel they've seen it all before.Which isn't NOT_quite the fairytale NOT_ending NOT_we'd all NOT_hoped for.
FAIR There's no doubt Shrek The Third will NOT_make potloads of money.Pity it shortchanges the audience with an underwhelming plot and characters you sense are just going through the motions.When it's good it's great.Overall, though, the magic is lacking.
BAD Shrek the Third isn't NOT_awful, but it's bland, with a barrel-scraping averageness.
BAD Children may devour the slapstick, but the once-mighty Shrek has somehow lost all his charm and spiky humour.
FAIR "Ogre and out" say the critics, but the Shrek series still has laughs and legs.
BAD A shame it lacks the smart sassiness of its predecessors.Time to call time, we think.
BAD Another summer threequel, another case of slipping standards - not NOT_so NOT_much in the visuals, which NOT_remain NOT_predictably NOT_impressive, but in the all-important gag rate.To waste both Donkey and Puss is a crime...
FAIR Uninspired threequel, though the animation is better than ever and there's a steady stream of chuckles, even if it does lack the magic of the previous films.
FAIR Vibrant colors and finely-crafted backdrops pave the way for characters who, believe it or not, felt more alive in this world than they did back in those old books or cartoons.
FAIR Great animation and good jokes.
FAIR Yo no se si habra una Shrek 4, pero si el ingenio y el sentido de la diversion se mantienen NOT_no me importaria en absoluto volver a visitar NOT_ese reino muy, muy lejano.
FAIR Shrek the Third is the X-Men: The Last Stand of Shrek movies: overstuffed with characters, short and fast-paced, and overdone just enough to convince some that it's time for the series to take a rest.
FAIR [Seus] valores de producao jamais deixam de impressionar o espectador.Infelizmente, o mesmo nao pode ser dito sobre sua narrativa, que empalidece em comparacao aos capitulos anteriores.
BAD What's lacking is that intangible sense of fun, of inventiveness, of ingenuity, that made the first Shrek something you ran to your friends, grabbed them by the arms and told them they simply HAD to see.
BAD Price, Seaman, and Zack have created a half-assed script which, while it doesn't NOT_bring shame to NOT_anyone, it NOT_doesn't NOT_bring anyone any glory either.
BAD Antonio should use his Puss n' Boots voice in the Zorro sequel.
BAD Decent, but not NOT_as NOT_good as the NOT_first two films.
BAD ...odd that the animation should grow ever more textured and subtle while the humor grows ever less so...
FAIR While the movie is harmless, it lacks a certain spark to be really entertaining.Lots of the jokes are flat and obvious, without being awful.
BAD Not NOT_only NOT_did I NOT_want to NOT_go to NOT_sleep the NOT_entire time, but I wouldn't NOT_watch this movie NOT_again if you NOT_told me my life NOT_depended on it.
FAIR Ahoy!There be decent family fare among the January junk seas!
BAD As I wasn't NOT_expecting much, I must say that Pirates doesn't disappoint.
FAIR ...harmless fun for small kids...
BAD I kept hoping someone would arrive on the scene with a Veg-O-Matic and put a stop to it.
FAIR Like steamed veggies: Good for you, but bland.
FAIR The notion of no arms, NOT_especially when they're NOT_sword NOT_fighting and the swords just sort of float in front of their bodies, seems like a long way to go to establish unique cartoon characters.
BAD The trio learns that heroes come in all sizes, hardly a revelation to audiences of any age.
BAD This is no NOT_savvy Toy Story.It's a boilerplate plot like one you might find in any morning cartoon.
FAIR It's a much better film than the last big-screen Veggie outing, with good-looking character design, catchy songs, a wisecracking script and more skillfully disguised messages.
BAD I've seen more exciting no-smoking announcements in theaters.
BAD Aside from the fun musical scenes, the script is pretty lackluster, and the animation could generously be described as old-fashioned.
FAIR A gentle adventure-comedy that sails a heroes' journey so straight and true that Joseph Campbell would smile.
FAIR Imparts the Bible-inspired storytelling parents and kids have come to expect from VeggieTales in a less obvious but as-fun-as-always package
BAD Pirates is a film whose insipid, generic plainness is its worse offense.
FAIR The Pirates Who Don't NOT_Do Anything NOT_has NOT_just NOT_enough NOT_unassuming cleverness to NOT_keep you from NOT_checking your watch while the NOT_little people in your company NOT_get NOT_wrapped NOT_up in the color and clamor.
FAIR The film offers plenty of kid-level humor (as well as a few references adults will pick up on), a decent story and, as you might guess, a positive message.
FAIR Even with elbow room to spare, the series' linchpin saga will still leave you wanting more... of the Futurama of old.
FAIR Groening's notoriously prickly fanbase may well overlook the inclusion of nearly the entire extended universe of Futurama characters and focus on the negative: the warmed-over story and jokes.[Blu-ray]
GOOD more streamlined and propulsive than its predecessors
BAD The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not NOT_roar
BAD Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
BAD The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
BAD The Wild is not NOT_really NOT_bad; NOT_it's NOT_just NOT_tired.
BAD The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't NOT_as NOT_predictable as the last.But things never NOT_do work out that way.
FAIR The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
FAIR Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
BAD What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
BAD Wildly unoriginal.
BAD It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
BAD Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
FAIR For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
BAD ...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
BAD There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
BAD The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
BAD Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
BAD On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar.... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
BAD Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
BAD Been there, done that, didn't NOT_want a tee shirt
FAIR don't NOT_be NOT_mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
BAD There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
BAD Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment.For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
BAD Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
BAD I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not NOT_too appalling.
BAD Excelente animacion.Flojisimo guion.
FAIR When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
BAD Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
FAIR A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
FAIR The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
GOOD The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act.(Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
GOOD A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
FAIR Spaz Williams, no spaz, NOT_has the NOT_current NOT_prevailing formula NOT_nailed.Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
BAD As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
BAD A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
BAD Technically, The Wild is impressive.Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
FAIR Gags consistently trump character.And if you don't care about the characters, NOT_then NOT_everything's NOT_just a NOT_big, NOT_dumb joke.
BAD The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
BAD Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them.Certainly they scared this groan-up.
FAIR Lots of fantasy fun, but watch out for nightmarish scares.
GOOD A sharp, even amusing, homage to comic book lore, a great family-friendly action-comedy, and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package.
GOOD As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional, "The Incredibles" finds its voice . . .and it speaks to families everywhere.
GOOD Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family.
GOOD Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut, every sound, every movement, builds to a euphonious whole.
FAIR ...far from engrossing...
GOOD Wonderful stuff.
GOOD It re-animates the thrill, not NOT_just the nostalgia, of NOT_old-school NOT_comic books and pulp adventure.
GOOD In a word: Incredible.
GOOD A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust.
GOOD ...the real secret to Pixar's greatness lies not in the animation, but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents.
GOOD The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along, that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio.And not NOT_just a movie studio, but the best movie studio.
GOOD Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy.
GOOD Luckily, the genre has not NOT_submerged NOT_completely NOT_and, with the help of films like "The Incredibles", hope for a NOT_solid future NOT_is within the audience's grasp.
GOOD 'Divertida, honesta y extremadamente inteligente, es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine.Sencillamente inolvidable'
GOOD Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made?Yeah, well they were all wrong.
GOOD The Incredibles has humor, thrills, and adventure, but most of all it has heart.
GOOD [It] goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they're not.
GOOD Los Increibles es lo mas parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montana rusa (...)
GOOD E ironico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido nao em uma producao estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso, mas sim por figuras criadas em computador.
GOOD One of these days, Pixar is going to take a misstep, but now is not the time.
GOOD Kids will love it and want to see it again and again.Adults . . .probably will too.
FAIR A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong, overly loud, and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up.
GOOD Stunningly animated, if somewhat derivative, story of an ordinary, extraordinary family.
FAIR ... a terrific, smart and thoroughly engaging family film.
FAIR Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn, I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super.
GOOD When it comes to animation, it doesn't NOT_get any NOT_better than this.
GOOD Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind.
FAIR What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging.
GOOD Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.
GOOD Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes.
BAD An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world.
BAD A few of Bakshi`s inventions, such as a rattled telephone that panics every time it rings, are amusing and well animated, but most of the characters are grating and dislikable.
BAD Watching Byrne, Basinger and Pitt struggle to bring verisimilitude to this cockeyed business is painful.And watching the parade of ricocheting doodles is just headache-inducing.
BAD Bakshi's world is typically subversive, anti-nostalgic and, at times, a brilliantly conceived grafting of two and three dimensions.Unfortunately, its ingenuity matrix seems to have short-circuited.
BAD The movie has no NOT_internal logic.It's a mess.
BAD Much ballyhooed, much-advertised, the live-action/animation feature is much disaster.Not even an animated Kim Basinger dancing the hoochie-coochie can save it from its own death-wish combination of outsized ambition and undersized budget.
BAD Director Ralph Bakshi looked set to produce an adult version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit with this mix of animation and live action, but somewhere down the line it ran out of steam.
BAD A combination of Ghostbusters and Roger Rabbit, Cool World, unfortunately, plays more like the lamentable Howard the Duck.
BAD Hopeless.
BAD The doodles are thoroughly repulsive and, worse, unfunny.
BAD nice animation & design but - shudder
BAD Critics often use the word 'incomprehensible' when referring to a poorly constructed movie, but nowhere is this assessment more accurate than in the case of Cool World.
FAIR Although director Ralph Bakshi's imagination is certainly present, Cool World is too full of itself to create any magic.
BAD Unfortunately, the film doesn't NOT_have NOT_much NOT_else to NOT_offer beyond narrative incoherence and bad acting.
BAD One of my favorite movies that I didn't like.
BAD Both the live and animated characters are equally uninteresting.
BAD Wanted to be the next Roger Rabbit.Turned out to be a watered down 'Fritz the Cat.'
BAD Occasionally hints at being something great that was hacked down to size in both budget and time.
BAD A huge disappointment.
BAD Mommy!Mommy!Make the bad man stop!
BAD What Bakshi has come up with is merely a one-joke movie -- and it's a dirty joke.
BAD Telling you that I liked Ralph Bakshi's Cool World a whole lot more than I expected to isn't NOT_really NOT_saying a NOT_whole lot for the movie.
BAD A surprisingly incompetent film.
FAIR As the capstone to a franchise that never NOT_actually NOT_needed to NOT_be a franchise in the NOT_first place, it NOT_acquits itself NOT_tolerably well.
GOOD A reunion Aladdin fans will love.
BAD ...distinctly underwhelming...
BAD Isn't NOT_involving NOT_enough to NOT_sustain interest when the Genie NOT_is NOT_offscreen.
FAIR ...this time Robin Williams is coaxed back into the fold.Understandably, he saves what little day there is to save.
BAD ...a movie that happens before it thinks.
FAIR Princess remains technically brilliant and never NOT_less than NOT_compelling, albeit in a queasy, NOT_troubling fashion.Its images rattle in the memory like unclean ghosts.
FAIR Although morally ambiguous, with a message that is at best confused, this is a striking debut from a talented director.
FAIR A unique and memorable film, as much for its Danish animated approach to a vigilante vengeance as for its messed-up morality.
BAD Princess is rarely a NOT_dull watch, but it doesn't NOT_pack NOT_enough of an NOT_emotional punch.
BAD Sure, the rage is palpable in every cell, but poise and rational thinking are sadly lacking.
BAD Watch Princess for this smart channelling of exploitation movie energy rather than the heavy-handed sermonising.And for an intelligent and sober look at porn, re-watch Boogie Nights.
BAD A few decent ideas can't cover the fact this has been done a thousand times before.
FAIR A likeably larky Yuletide yarn.
FAIR The score grates in places but the script hits the mark, with the potty-mouthed vagrants certain to be a hit with older children.
GOOD Depois do brilhante Millenium Actress, Kon conta uma historia bem mais simples, mas igualmente tocante e magica, brindando o publico com uma belissima animacao de tirar o folego.
FAIR It's a modern-day fable with a big heart...
FAIR The film mixes genuinely dramatic scenes with exaggerated comic bits.
FAIR A sweet little melodrama of deep, personal wounds being treated by dashes of holiday miracles, and it's enough to bring a smile to one's face.
FAIR this is a movie about Tokyo as much as it's a movie about three friends and a baby.
FAIR The greatest danger for Tokyo Godfathers is that it's read as drama when, in fact, it's a gentle, often delightful, slapstick comedy.
GOOD Kon provides a gritty depiction of Tokyo street life, but balances it with a dose of fantasy (it is Christmas, after all) and comically exaggerated characters.
FAIR Does have a few things going for it, including some effectively dramatic plot points, as well as some unexpected twists.
FAIR A convincing salute to family but, more distinctively, it's also a salute to the real-life difficulty of keeping one together.
FAIR Demonstrates an idiosyncratic human touch.Kon is unafraid of the unseemly and unsightly.
FAIR It's a pretty film, in addition to being a thoughtful one.
FAIR It doesn't NOT_make sense to praise an anime movie's acting, NOT_does it?Yet you can't help but marvel at the expressive pen-and-ink performers.
FAIR A schmaltzy story gets grit from an unlikely place: animation.
GOOD See this film, open your mind to it, and I swear it'll open your heart for you.
FAIR Losing little in translation, the anime from director Satoshi Kon uses sentiment and sharp writing to shatter whatever cultural barriers may block its path.
FAIR Harrowing and heartwarming.
GOOD A spellbinding piece of Japanese anime from one of the form's new masters, director-writer Satoshi Kon.
FAIR The result is only occasionally pathos, the tone Kon seems to be striving for.
FAIR Tokyo Godfathers is the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing, when a good story sold a film.
FAIR A satisfying story that's greater than the sum of its parts.
FAIR Full of charm, grittiness and a solid storyline, the movie deserves an audience far beyond diehard animation fans.
FAIR An ambitious and impressively inventive undertaking.
FAIR Has just enough astringent touches to keep it from sliding into sloppy sentimentality.
FAIR A gorgeous animated film that's as avid a tribute to the Japanese capital as Lost in Translation.
FAIR Director Kon goes heavy on the schmaltz, but it doesn't matter.He puts viewers in a comfy mode, where sentiment is a plus.
FAIR Sometimes-gruesome Watchmen extras best for fans.
FAIR It provides another angle on the Watchmen universe we might not NOT_otherwise get.
FAIR Fun superhero adventure; more action, peril than past films.
BAD I cannot accept that this is a Star Wars movie.
BAD It's a film of many firsts, but few of them positive: for the first time in history, we have a Star Wars film that you won't love or hate, but one about which you just won't care NOT_less either way.
FAIR 70 percent action, 5 percent exposition and 24 percent forced banter ... that's just 1 percent left over for committee meetings and C-Span-worthy parliamentary maneuvering -- proceedings that have so fascinated George Lucas in the past.
FAIR Feels very much like the television pilot that it is.
BAD Its elements are actually quite typical of a syndicated cartoon series, aimed mostly at the young'uns and contributing pretty much nothing to the Star Wars mythos.
FAIR Despite Ahsoka's cloying presence, The Clone Wars is still easier to take than Attack of the Clones.
BAD xoris kamia prothesi na paei ti mythologia poythena parapera, o Lucas aplos stinei ena kinimatografikis diarkeias, paidikoy prosanatolismoy epeisodio, me amfiboloy aisthitikis animation, gia na doylepsei os launching pad tis kainoyrias, senariaka aneksart
BAD This "First Animated Star Wars Movie" does the series no NOT_favors, demonstrating why NOT_live action NOT_trumps NOT_animation--at NOT_least when the NOT_digital beings and creatures are this poorly designed.
BAD ...little plot and almost nothing but redundant action.It becomes tiresome very fast.
FAIR It moves fast, conquers armies, kicks into hyperspace and spits out idiotic quips with unapologetic cartoon brio.
BAD If this film is any indication of the quality of the forthcoming television series, it will be blessedly short-lived.
BAD The visuals are worthy, but the big screen brings the movie's script shortcomings and pacing problems into sharper relief.
BAD Here are six words that would probably get me tarred and feathered at a comic-book convention: I am sick of Star Wars.
BAD The supposed playful banter between Anakin and the feisty Ahsoka is particularly cringe-worthy.
BAD The Force has lost its oomph.Lucas and friends have finally gone a franchise too far.
BAD The action sequences are kinetic and hold the eye, the animation style is detailed and it remains within the boundaries of the canon.
BAD The best thing about this massive TV pilot-cum-new "Episode" is its potential because even if it's flawed and only partially functional as a film, The Clone Wars embodies one of the essential elements that has for decades sustained the Star Wars saga %u20
FAIR The characters are more likable than usual.
BAD it's especially sad that a few of the better Star Wars games feature not NOT_only NOT_significantly NOT_deeper stories, but also superior CGI, meaning that both this project's film and video game predecessors have already done better.
BAD More like an animated movie on Saturday morning TV than a feature film
BAD Star Wars: The Clone Wars comes as something of a surprise: it isn't the NOT_most NOT_painful movie of the year!
BAD They have billed Star Wars: The Clone Wars as the untold story.If only the untelling of the told could now be done.
BAD It's an almost entirely pointless exercise.
BAD Redundant, boring, and not NOT_terribly NOT_attractive in NOT_telling a story NOT_more NOT_suited for the Junior Fiction shelves of your NOT_local library than the screens of your NOT_local multiplex.
FAIR At the risk of over-doing a good thing, if that hasn't been done already, Lucas and crew cuts the final link to reality by going full animation with Star Wars.A righteous battle, but one that will appeal to ever decaying audiences
BAD A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, 'Star Wars' movies were actually fun.
BAD While the Force may falter on the big-screen, 'Clone Wars' should do far better this fall as a new, half-hour weekly TV series, starting Oct. 3rd on the Cartoon Network.
BAD Better than Episode I and Episode II.True, many of the same flaws are present - awful dialogue, contrived narrative - but at least The Clone Wars is much shorter.
GOOD If the live action movies were the main course, The CLONE WARS are like chocolate truffles.They are short, quick and satisfying.
BAD While Jar Jar Binks is thankfully nowhere to be found, the battle droids prove to be every bit as idiotic and insufferable -- and there are lots of them in the movie.
BAD This film avoid if any sense you have.Rubbish it is.
BAD What's Lucas's next big idea for brand extension--Freddy Vs.Jason Vs.Darth?
BAD The Clone Wars is visually interesting, but in the end pointless - and worse: annoying.
BAD Either George Lucas decided he wanted to make a sillier animated parody of his beloved franchise than Family Guy or Robot Chicken; or Lucas' elevator isn't NOT_going to the NOT_top floor of the Death Star anymore.
BAD It's not NOT_terrible by any means, NOT_just NOT_completely NOT_lacking that sense of amazement and anything-can-happen spirit that the six (or five if you're a 'Phantom Menace' hater) films had to spare.
FAIR Watching the computer-animated Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I felt a most unusual mixture of delight and regret.
FAIR Does leave a lingering impression--but more due to the nagging feeling that it never NOT_quite NOT_connects than to Jonze NOT_actually NOT_meeting his NOT_grandiose thematic ambitions.
FAIR Jonze has created a world in which even "wild things" can be full of personality and fun to be around.
FAIR Stretches to spectacular, big-screen proportions the soaring, roaring fancy of Maurice Sendak's classic 1963 bedtime tale.
GOOD It's kind of astonishing when something this odd slips through the cracks of the Hollywood mainstream.
FAIR If you want something light and fluffy to take the kids to see, you're better off looking elsewhere.
GOOD This is not a NOT_coming-of-age film.It's an end-of-innocence film.And that makes every moment, be it funny or sad, so beautiful and so heartbreaking at the same time.You'll want to hug it and hold onto it, as if it were your childhood sailing away.
GOOD If you ever laughed uncontrollably while engaged in a childhood snowball fight, built intricate forts out of your grandmother's afghan blankets, or made up the rules to complex playground games, in the middle of the game, then this film is for you.
GOOD A beautiful and languid testament to the importance of remembering how powerful our childhoods really were.
BAD Never NOT_having NOT_read the book, it must NOT_be NOT_better than this.
BAD For me, it was a hard, uphill climb just to say I'd reached the top.
GOOD Uma especie de "Anticristo" Jr., o filme abraca o universo psicologico de seu protagonista como estrutura narrativa, levando o espectador para uma viagem por vezes perturbadora - mas sempre tocante - a psique de Max.
GOOD The conversations and interactions [Jonze] orchestrates, whether real, imaginary, spoken with an inner voice, or cried aloud, are delivered with the unmistakable rhythm and in the grandiose rubber and glue terminology of children.
GOOD It's a divisive and sometimes difficult film, but if you let it into your heart, you'll end up grateful.
GOOD Exploring the mind of an angry little boy, Where the Wild Things Are is an psychological exploratory fantasy of intriguing depth.
GOOD A film for anyone who's ever climbed trees, grazed knees or basked in the comfort of a parent's sympathy as they've pulled you off the ground crying.It'll make your inner child run wild.
GOOD 'Where the Wild Things Are' stands out for its unusually potent evocation of the timbre of childhood imagining, with its combination of the outre and the banal, grand schemes jumbled up with delicate feelings and the urge to smash things up.
FAIR Don't NOT_go NOT_expecting NOT_joyous escapism, but if you're interested in seeing melancholic auteur filmmaking, complete with a lush soundtrack... you won't NOT_see a NOT_more NOT_compelling film this year.
FAIR It's all very charming and quirky...But it's also, ultimately, a little flimsy and unlikely to achieve anything like the iconic status of its source material.
FAIR Jonze's Wild Things is an altogether darker, colder picture: a film about the way children can lose their fear of the world only by losing their innocence.
FAIR Loud, narcotised, emotionally stunted, it's so eager to avoid the horrors of mainstream commodity culture that it concocts a defensive version of pre-adulthood.
FAIR An uncommonly sobering yet ethereal kiddie flick.
FAIR Jonze's inspired evocation of childhood may strike a chord with adults; for younger audience members still living it, the appeal is far from certain.
GOOD Not as NOT_easy or airbrushed as Potter, Ice Age, or Narnia then, but with its darkness, loneliness, and wonder, it might be the most honest kids' film of the year.
GOOD A poignant dissection of youth with nine-foot furry monsters, gorgeous production design, frenetic camerawork and a playful, wistful score from Karen O. Never NOT_mind the NOT_little ones.This beauty will have most grown-ups blubbing.
GOOD In some respects, Jonze is the geek who never NOT_grew NOT_up: and with Where The Wild Things Are, he reminds us that the simple pleasure of childhood is running around and screaming with abandon.
FAIR [Jonze's] take on Maurice Sendak's much-loved children's book does offer plenty of wildness and wackiness, although it's also unusually sombre.
FAIR Jonze has created one of the most offbeat, original and interesting films of the year.It's just a pity he didn't NOT_make it NOT_more NOT_accessible for children - and remove it a lot farther from the therapist's couch.
FAIR The effects are spot-on, little Max Records is ace as the story's boisterous nine-year-old hero while the film mostly avoids the treacle that mars so many kids' pics.
GOOD Whereas many child actors make you feel a little bit sick, Records is astounding in the lead role.
BAD Shouldn't therapy, at least in art for or about childhood, be fun?The book was entrancing.The book deserved better.Happily there is still time, before the world ends, for someone else to film it.For now: return to Sendak.
BAD I have no idea what Jonze and Eggers are trying to say here, either to children or to adults, but it's difficult to imagine how they could have made a more tedious and exasperating attempt at it.
GOOD It's hard to conclude this is a film for children but it will provide any adult with a bittersweet reminder of childhood's distant joys and woes.
GOOD It is one of those films that reveals the power of film itself, and you can feel delighted that this beautiful story, with its oddness and its great capacity for wonder, has survived in a perfect way the transition to screen.
FAIR His visualisation is a joy on the eyeballs.
GOOD The script is brilliant, lacing the dialogue with dark, melancholy humour and subtly ensuring that almost every line, visual or action on the island echoes something from Max's real life.
GOOD Jonze's inventive approach to Maurice Sendak's classic children's book continually confounds our expectations with an approach that's so offhanded and fresh that it might feel awkward or strange.But it's a real grower.
GOOD From that belting opening shot to the emotional gut- punch of an ending, I was bewitched by it.In fact, Wild Things...I think I love you.
BAD Where The Wild Things Are is a big disappointment.It's visually striking and technically perfect but its melancholy tone and dreariness will leave kids bored to tears.
GOOD This is filmmaking hard-wired straight to the heart: wild, untamed and quite, quite brilliant.
BAD It's also too adult in its concerns to be fully understood by most children.And paradoxically, it's also too child-like in its construction to be appreciated by most adults.
FAIR The backgrounds are beautifully drawn.There are sunny days in the French Quarter, spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss, and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras.
FAIR The styles are varied, but always in tune with the narrative content, ensuring there's never an NOT_unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion.
FAIR If the film boasts any advantages over digital, it's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters, who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still don't NOT_get from NOT_computers.
FAIR Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial, even if she'll never NOT_quite NOT_reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella.
GOOD There's some magic left in traditional animation after all.
FAIR Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky, the movie still has its moments.
FAIR It's fluffy and enjoyable, with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should.
GOOD The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and, considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years, more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry.
GOOD It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed.
GOOD Now, I love modern animation, but there's a warmth to the look of Princess that I'm not NOT_sure could NOT_be NOT_derived on NOT_computers.
FAIR Working in tandem with the images, the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that's missing from lots of other Disney films.
FAIR The film looks great and has excellent voice talent, but the story itself is not NOT_particularly NOT_entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs.
FAIR This teeming gumbo of characters, songs and story set in the jazzy, culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s isn't NOT_just another Disney fairytale.
GOOD After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls, it's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something.
FAIR The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting.
GOOD A spectacular throwback to past glories, The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases.
BAD Despite the honest, authentic ideals, Disney's traditional animation studios can't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues, Pixar.
FAIR When you wish upon a star (in New Orleans), you can't always get what you want.But if you try sometimes, you might find (wait for it) you get what you need.
GOOD The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade.
FAIR click to read full review
GOOD A heady dose of nostalgia, and the question left in our heads after seeing it is, 'why did [Disney] ever stop making these?'
BAD As far as its aim goes, what's not to NOT_appreciate?But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness.
GOOD The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy.
GOOD This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue.
FAIR The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively.
GOOD Exactly as good as Musker and Clements' earlier efforts, so a return to the form of Disney's early 1990s classics.The animation is gorgeous, the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small.
GOOD Randy Newman's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven, but there are some great characters, some even better jokes, a general sense of good humour and that entrancing, eye-ravishing old-school animation.
FAIR It's a nice set-up, but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages, and their wisecracks won't measure up for a grown-up NOT_crowd.
GOOD The closest yet that Disney's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales.
BAD Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green wasn't what we NOT_had in mind.It's a moderate film, nowhere near the Toy Story league.
FAIR Intermittently appealing and great to look at, this doesn't NOT_add up to NOT_classic Disney, but it's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range, which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons.It proves there's life in dem bones yet.
FAIR Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney's filmmaking legacy.The excellent craftsmanship, madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons.
FAIR At the end of the day, it's okay.But when it comes to animation from Disney, 'okay' is a bit of a let-down.
FAIR Gorgeous anime with strong pro-environment message.
GOOD [Miyazaki's] visually brilliant, thematically rich fable isn't NOT_just an NOT_ambitious cartoon; NOT_it's an epic, hand-drawn in pen and ink.
FAIR Done mostly in the style of hand-painted classic animation, with occasional digital assists, "Princess Mononoke is indeed a thing of beauty and imagination.
GOOD With a Luminist's attention to light, water, shadow and smoke, Miyazaki creates an epochal story born of history, myth and Shinto animism.
GOOD This imaginative and intriguing Anime deserves all the plaudits heaped upon it.
GOOD Beautifully constructed and painstakingly written, this is about as close to a perfect animated epic as you're likely to get.
GOOD Anyone who relishes seeing the reach and scope of the genre redefined should not NOT_miss this NOT_marvelously NOT_accomplished picture.
GOOD This highly imaginative and beautifully rendered fable of ancient Japan comes from writer-director-master animator Hayao Miyazaki and is told with the scope and epic flair of the best live-action adventure films.
GOOD The highest-grossing Japanese film of all time is a luxuriously animated legend of ancient gods going head to head with mankind and industry over the balance of nature.
GOOD Hayao Miyazaki is a great animator, and his Princess Mononoke is a great film.
GOOD Watching the way Miyazaki and his animators can make a misty cloud drift across the screen is nothing less than pure bliss.
GOOD It is too ambitious, too sure of its own vastness to love it; it demands respect more than affection.
GOOD A seamless marriage between a mature, complex story ideas and boundless visual imagination.
FAIR Hayao Miyazaki's eco-friendly animated fable about animal gods and those damn humans bent on destroying the environment is made bearable by some trademark anime limb-severing violence.
GOOD Its imagery is never NOT_less than NOT_breathtakingly NOT_beautiful, and is occasionally truly awesome...
GOOD All Miyazaki's films are masterpieces, but Princess Mononoke may just have the edge.
GOOD This web of mixed motives is one of Princess Mononoke's greatest strengths.Not once do we feel that the characters are cardboard cutout villains and their hardships are more powerful as a result.
GOOD Miyazaki's artistry is evident in every frame, a pristine combination of lush greenery, ghastly mythic monsters and beautifully executed humans.
FAIR Some scenes in the film are gory and may scare young children, but older teens and adults should revel in the beautifully realized scenery and the rich characters.
GOOD An animated fable of dazzling artistry, one of the most beautiful ever made.
GOOD As beautiful as it is poignant.
GOOD A wonderful film directed by Hayao Miyazaki, often called the Walt Disney of Japanimation.
GOOD The smartest, most thoughtful, best-made cartoon youa(TM)re likely to see in a long time.
FAIR The imagery, ranging from sublime mountain-smashing power to firefly delicacy (individual waterdrops splashing on a rock) is exuberant and intoxicating.
GOOD Not for the NOT_very NOT_young, The Princess Mononoke can NOT_be NOT_stunningly NOT_violent at times.But for fans of animation, this is a must see.
FAIR One only has to think of Battlefield Earth and After Earth to realise that putting the name of our planet into a movie title isn't NOT_always a NOT_good idea.Happily, Escape From Planet Earth is a reasonable exception.
FAIR This is very much by-numbers pre-teen fare, spiced up by the sound of William Shatner enjoying himself.
FAIR Its secret weapon is a satirically inclined script, reworked by Stephen Fry among others, that disrupts the general factory-line vibe with regular funny lines.
GOOD It's a lively, unpretentious adventure that should delight young children and has enough pop culture gags and sly humor to amuse their parents.
BAD A painted-by-numbers 3D kid-flick enlivened mostly by Rob Corddry, who plays the fastidious, nerdy brother to Brendan Fraser's doomed Buzz Lightyear clone.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth doesn't NOT_even NOT_try to NOT_make itself memorable.It's like a generic case of really uncomfortable indigestion that you'll forget about as soon it ends.
BAD nothing more than a profit margin placeholder for those without the creativity or the caring to make something truly special.
FAIR Makes for a solid Family Movie Night feature.
BAD Content to pitch most of its plot twists and gags squarely at kids.
FAIR A ripper sci-fi comedy adventure guaranteed to galvanize the attention of the red-cordial crowd...delightful, pastel-coloured, busy piece of bubble-gum kids' cinema has fun playing up all the alien conspiracy theories.
BAD [The aliens] find 7-11s hypnotically beautiful and learn to love Slurpees.There are several scenes involving Slurpees.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth is a mildly entertaining examination of intergalactic sibling rivalry that will probably appeal to many younger kids, but not to the parents who NOT_have to NOT_sit through it with them.
BAD The best thing I can say about Escape From Planet Earth is that I didn't NOT_end up NOT_hating it NOT_as NOT_much as I NOT_thought I NOT_was NOT_going to during the NOT_first half.
BAD An amiable animated feature that should entertain the younger kids.
BAD Just like its hero and his grounded starship, Escape From Planet Earth is, for much of the film, a decidedly earthbound adventure.
BAD Colorful as the 3-D aliens-among-us comedy is to look at, though, Corddry is handed a role that's beige as can be, and so are his castmates.
BAD Serviceable sci-fi - stopping momentarily at local theaters en route to its destiny on DVD as generic, escapist diversion for youngsters, teaching teamwork and preaching family loyalty and love.
BAD An energetic but thoroughly watered-down kiddie flick.
FAIR It never NOT_discovers NOT_new worlds, but "Escape From Planet Earth" is, in its genial way, escape enough.
BAD Predictable alien adventure is violent and forgettable.
BAD Escape from Planet Earth's flaws would be more forgivable if the film offered better fun for younger viewers.
BAD A children's movie about space-traveling blue beings that has lots of high-flying escapades but fairly low aspirations.
BAD The late Douglas Adams summed up Earth as "mostly harmless," a description that also applies to this eminently tolerable animated time-filler.
BAD This might please young kids but torment discerning parents.
BAD Mediocre.But for The Weinsteins in animation?That's an improvement.
FAIR It ... provides a few smiles, and a decent amount of rainy-day, kiddie entertainment.
FAIR A sci-fi chuckler that somehow manages to elude tedium, despite being a revisionist rip of rival 'toons, from Pixar on down.
FAIR What Escape from Planet Earth may lack in novelty, it compensates for with a zippy pace and lively voice characterizations, led by Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sofia Vergara and William Shatner.
FAIR The spectacular visuals and fights are the real stars.
FAIR Veering between gleaming, clean-lined techno-lust and a punkier, junk-space aesthetic, it really is a marvel to look at: an artfully dazzling distillation of videogamey flash, proggy space-majesty and Final Fantasy flounce.
BAD This digitally animated Japanese space adventure is as po-faced as they come.
GOOD Fast, fresh, funny action comedy set undersea.
BAD The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns, and the animation, while colorful, is a big step back from the Shrek films (and nowhere near Pixar's league).
BAD Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you'll ever see.
BAD Want a good fish story?Watch Finding Nemo again instead
BAD full review in Greek
BAD The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that "it's just a kids' movie."
BAD Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight, the overall design is charmless.
BAD Katzenberg and company still haven't figured out that was makes Pixar's features so much better isn't NOT_just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying.
BAD Shark Tale is no disaster, but despite the efforts of three directors, two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians, it seems to be treading water.
FAIR A solid film with a fair share of chuckles.
FAIR 'Es divertida, colorida y musical.Una buena cinta de animacion que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quiza por los valores que la hacen importante'
FAIR I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works.
BAD The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility, and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not NOT_likely to NOT_find them NOT_very funny.
BAD There are so many bright, vibrant colors utilized...it puts your rods and cones at risk.But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom.
BAD A colorful, yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum.
FAIR Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
GOOD ...not exactly original, not NOT_terribly NOT_witty, and definitely not adult-oriented.But it's still a good movie.
FAIR It's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns.
FAIR Worth seeing, but it could have been better.
BAD Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird's The Incredibles is due in theatres.
FAIR Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats.
BAD Essentially, the anchor doesn't NOT_go NOT_deep NOT_enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder.
BAD Uno termina quedandose con la sensacion de que algo (o mucho) falto.
BAD Amazingly, today's two biggest media whores aren't on hand as, say, Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno.
BAD If there's a sequel, could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time?
FAIR Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo.It's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience.
FAIR Sua otima qualidade tecnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor.
FAIR It's Fresh, but just barely.It's like 100 other stories just like it, with the corporate stench of "like this or else" that has permeated Dreamworks' animation.
FAIR It offers some nice animation and design, a not-unappealing theme, a few really good gags, some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable.
BAD The plot is extremely predictable, there's too much product placement, and the thing's boring in spots.
BAD ...something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale...doesn't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
BAD If you want animated undersea entertainment, go find Nemo.
GOOD Their [Suicide Squad] fun interactions and clashing character dynamics keep the energy levels high so you won't NOT_even NOT_notice that Batman's appearances NOT_are NOT_being NOT_saved NOT_only for NOT_special occasions.
GOOD DC Entertainment thrills with one of its boldest and mature films yet while finally figuring out the secret to telling engaging and fun adventures of DC Comic characters beyond Batman and the Justice League.
FAIR The title says "Batman" and his face takes up most of the box art, but this is less an adaptation of the Batman/Arkham video games than a straight-up Suicide Squad movie.
BAD ...grows more and more complicated and convoluted as time progresses...
GOOD Enjoys a visual richness and narrative ambition virtually unheard of in animation prior to its release.
FAIR Once again, Miyazaki's entry is nothing short of spectacular.
GOOD Nausicaa, princess of the Valley of the Wind, is a screen heroine--or, rather, hero--for the ages.
FAIR For all its inventiveness, it doesn't NOT_really NOT_compare to Miyazaki's NOT_later pictures.
GOOD It's a delight.
GOOD Visually, Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere, storybook Victorian land of the living, whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe, the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue.
GOOD The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience, but for an adult who hasn't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods, it's just the ticket.
GOOD Burton thinks in intuitive images, and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall.
FAIR In the hands of another director, this material could have been dead on arrival, but for Mr. Burton it's dead on.
FAIR Danny Elfman's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson's visual embellishments.
GOOD If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton's big picture for 2005, this is his miniature.
FAIR Gloomy, but in a beautiful, compelling way.In fact, the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight.
FAIR ...the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful, you probably won't mind the film's NOT_minor shortcomings.
GOOD Divertida, romantica y con mucho mas corazon que el resto de los filmes en cartelera, es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no NOT_puedes NOT_dejar NOT_pasar por alto.
FAIR Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world %u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman %u2014 think is funny.But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching.
FAIR This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton.The mock morbidity is a lot of fun, and it all comes to a heartwarming ending.
GOOD Delightfully ghoulish!
GOOD You'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year.
FAIR Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel, whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily's eye comfortably steals the entire film.
FAIR (...) Una celebracion original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador.
GOOD Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida, venido desde la misma muerte.
FAIR A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep.
FAIR The animation is pretty, but the film is D.O.A.
GOOD Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination, he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously.
GOOD If you have a pulse, you'll love it.
GOOD From a technical standpoint, this is a masterpiece.From a story standpoint, it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning.Musically, it is flawed.
BAD Would be a **** short.
GOOD ... fans of Burton and/or his (last) Nightmare will find plenty to love...
FAIR Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life, with such a dark, dreamy and dazzling imagination, that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema.
FAIR The chorus line trips up the story line.
GOOD This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie.
FAIR Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique.
FAIR A lot of fun, thanks largely to the breezy character of Lupin at the center.
FAIR Une premiere oeuvre stimulante, mais mineure dans une filmographie aussi stellaire que celle de ce grand reveur qui allait changer a jamais la face du cinema d'animation
GOOD ...makes up for the lack of mysticism with a cracking, breakneck pace.
GOOD This one should fare nearly as well with animation fans of any age, provided they are unwavering in their devotion to the form and do not NOT_think 100 minutes NOT_is an NOT_awfully NOT_long time.
FAIR Missing is a sense of completion and the deeper examination of themes that one will come to associate with the director's work.
BAD Sure, it's no NOT_great triumph of moviemaking, but it is entertaining, and a more or less plausible way to kill 95 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
FAIR Cagliostro is a film first, and an anime second.
BAD Rather crudely animated and a lot more lifeless than you'd think.
GOOD Writer-director Hayao Miyazaki, who previously made the impressive Princess Mononoke, has created a wonderfully bizarre world filled with a gallery of creepy, and some not NOT_so-creepy, characters.
GOOD Spirited Away is unquestionably the best animated feature since Brad Bird's The Iron Giant.
FAIR What it does have is the same kind of free-floating, imaginative animation, taking wing for even wilder flights of fantasy.
GOOD Watching the Japanese cartoon epic Spirited Away is like strolling into Alice's Wonderland and seeing every wonder sprout up around you as if for the first time.
GOOD The result is nothing less than magical, a throwback to the very best of early Disney.If I can't remember the last time I was this enchanted by an animated film, it's because I was too young.
GOOD Anything but your regular 'toon, it's a (literally) fantastic experience.
GOOD Director Hayao Miyazaki's insistence on hand-drawn graphics gives the CGI visuals an ethereal charm that ensures the story is always a pleasure to behold, even during its rare moments of inaction.
BAD ...a gorgeously animated yet sporadically entertaining endeavor that isn't NOT_quite the instant classic one might've expected...
GOOD Magnificent, spellbinding movie has a bit of edge.
GOOD Full of riches, thematic and visual, and the best way to understand them is simply to watch the film and take it all in.
GOOD Filmgoers of all ages should not NOT_pass up the opportunity to NOT_experience NOT_such a work of NOT_staggering imagination.
GOOD Magical is a word used casually about films like this, films about fantasy and childhood.Yet this one really does deserve it.
GOOD This persistently fascinating if slightly over-long fairytale is propelled by the seemingly boundless imagination of writer-director Hayao Miyazaki.
GOOD Spirited Away is wonderful.
GOOD A fractured, knotted story about adjusting to new surroundings and having courage in the face of peril.
GOOD Think you're too hip for Japanese anime about a lost ten-year-old girl whose parents turn into snorting pigs?Get over it.
GOOD Despite a dip midway through, this is a captivating fantasy that sets a new benchmark for animation.
GOOD I struggled to find the source of imperfection in this film
FAIR Not NOT_instructive, as Disney is, and not NOT_aloof, like anime.Spirited Away is fun without being a lesson, and it welcomes you in.
GOOD 'Mostrando un profundo respeto por el mundo espiritual, Miyazaki logra una verdadera joya de la animacion que a veces raya en lo poetico'
GOOD It races along with the speed of a bullet train, visiting weird, enchanted places the likes of which have never NOT_been NOT_seen before.
GOOD The wonders never stop.
GOOD One of the most impressive animated features of this year, or any other.
GOOD A genuinely magical experience that both adults and children will enjoy.See it -- you'll be glad you did.
GOOD Spirited Away transcends masterpiece status.Composed of layer upon layer, it creates its own terminology.
GOOD E como se David Lynch tivesse dirigido sua propria versao de Alice no Pais das Maravilhas.
FAIR [Blu-ray Review] "Return to Never Land" NOT_is (1) a NOT_terrific motion picture, and (2) absolutely gorgeous to watch and listen to.The Blu-ray release of "Return to Never Land" NOT_is a no-brainer for Disney fans and comes highly recommended.
FAIR 'Return to Never Land' NOT_is a cheerier film than NOT_'Peter Pan,' and parents who object to the original for various reasons will find this one a gentler, friendlier option for young children.
BAD Has an unappealing main character drifting through a dramatically inert script.
BAD Pleasant but forgettable sequel to Disney classic.
FAIR Suficientemente divertido e com toques certos de drama para nao manchar a memoria do original.
FAIR It's not groundbreaking, but kids who enjoyed the original Peter Pan should welcome a trip back to Neverland
BAD There is no doubt the movie NOT_is NOT_lovely to NOT_look at; it NOT_just NOT_hasn't NOT_much substance to it or much new to say.
FAIR Running at a brisk 72 minutes, it's near impossible to become bored with the film...
FAIR Buzz, Shrek, Sully and Mike can sleep easy.
FAIR This film looks like it was produced in 1954, shelved for 48 years, and repackaged for a 2002 audience.
BAD The film is fun, energetic, and brightly colored and I think kids will love it a lot.
FAIR Mostly good work, but still weighed down by many second-rate elements.
FAIR Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
BAD Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video, a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment, as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting.
BAD I can only assume that Disney buried Peter Pan in Stephen King's pet sematary, because resurrected in the misbegotten Return to Never Land NOT_is one NOT_sour Fairy King.
FAIR Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation.
BAD A film lacking the wit, enchantment, and spark of the original -- despite being a shameless copy of it.
FAIR The scant running time -- just 64 minutes -- makes one wonder if Peter Pan II: The Death of Tink might have originally been planned for the home video market.
FAIR Children will enjoy Never Land for its adventure and physical humor.Adults may simply like strolling down memory lane.
BAD Tinker Bell and Peter Pan go through their pixie dust-powered motions throughout the film, but nothing ever soars.
GOOD It delivers laughs, spirit, energy, and shows us that anything is possible through faith, trust, and, of course, a little pixie dust.
BAD Plays more like a 'greatest hits' revisited than a true sequel.
BAD The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
BAD The boy who wouldn't NOT_grow up NOT_comes off like a shrill, NOT_obnoxious NOT_little drip.
FAIR The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent, meandering, and sometimes dry plot.
BAD This is pleasant, safe entertainment that ought to appeal to kids younger than 10, especially to girls, with its female-empowerment fantasy.
BAD Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters.
BAD Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel.
FAIR Evokes enough of the first movie to trigger a good time for veteran Pan fans and new audiences.
FAIR ou've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has, and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane.
BAD This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter.
BAD the story itself is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.
FAIR When it comes right down to it, kids don't NOT_really NOT_care.They just want to see a good story full of compelling characters, and Return To Never Land NOT_is that.
FAIR A lively movie with unusual depth of character...
BAD Return to Never Land NOT_is NOT_much NOT_more P.C. than the NOT_original version NOT_(no NOT_more NOT_racist portraits of Indians, for instance), but the excitement is missing.
FAIR Certainly capable of entertaining the little ones and clearly nowhere as bad as I feared before seeing it, the film obviously isn't a classic, but it's an enjoyable diversion that most adults probably won't mind NOT_sitting through.
GOOD There's something winning about an animation that doesn't NOT_try to NOT_top itself, NOT_knock us over or dazzle critics.And Return to Never Land NOT_doesn't NOT_even NOT_try.
FAIR What's pleasing about the movie is how faithful it is to the old charms, and how unpretentiously it gets the old groove going.
FAIR Miyazaki's appreciation of miraculous possibilities and childhood visions is what drives Totoro.
GOOD ...a clarion call for the legitimacy of imagination - not NOT_only in stories, but in the real world.
GOOD A beautifully observed film that has become a guaranteed charmer for all ages.
GOOD Not as NOT_complex or tense as Spirited Away (Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, released 13 years later).Still, few things are.
GOOD Despite the cuteness, there's little in the way of icky sentiment - indeed the spectre of death hangs over the story - but it's a captivating world you won't NOT_want to NOT_come home from.
GOOD Perfect.Simple as.
GOOD An otherworldly tale of childhood and a definitive work of imagination.
GOOD One of the best animated films ever made for families: it celebrates feminine sensitivity, the importance of the spirit world, respect for nature, and the pre-eminence of the spiritual practice of kindness.
GOOD A soft, approachable film, about simple, peaceful emotions and characters.That may sound unambitious, but it is the most ambitious thing of all.
GOOD Visually arresting and consistently compelling, this movie is magical.
GOOD Miyazaki is a genius.
GOOD The painted backgrounds are lush, realistic, and full of luxuriant foliage.The character animation, while stiff by Disney standards, is appropriate to the characters and expressive enough to bring them to life for the audience.
GOOD The beauty of My Neighbor Totoro is its simplicity.It's a warm and friendly story that just made me feel good after watching it.
GOOD A little dated and a little immature when compared to later Miyazaki works, but that's not NOT_such a NOT_bad thing, really.
GOOD A sensibilidade ao retratar os personagens, a magia do universo concebido por Miyazaki e a qualidade impecavel da animacao fazem deste filme um classico instantaneo.
GOOD Showcases Miyazaki's delightful iconography of spirits, demons, and wood sprites at its most gentle.
GOOD A welcome antidote to the US cultural imperialism of countless inferior Disney sell-thru videos . . .
GOOD Wonderfully entertaining animation.
GOOD one of the most accomplished and important children's films ever made.
GOOD It's Miyazaki's finest work!It's the best film of 1988!It's the best animated feature ever made!
GOOD My Neighbor Totoro is more than a fairy tale; it is an engaging story which uses fantasy sparingly.
BAD Faux holiday-themed sequel is weak and forgettable.
FAIR Despite substandard animation, this brightly coloured sequel has a strong enough sense of both its story and characters to hold the audience's attention.
FAIR Boasts an impressive cast, catchy tunes and an entertaining fairy tale plot.
BAD Even by the standards of allowance-snatching half-term filler, this is pretty indifferent ...
BAD A cynical cash-grab riding on the coat-tails of far better productions.
BAD This film is very offbeat and psychedelic in that regard, though regrettably not NOT_nearly as NOT_accomplished or engaging as Alice in Wonderland which is loosely resembles.
BAD A cheap and charmless reminder to leave the classics alone.
FAIR Kid-friendly with some neat visuals.
BAD Carping on a film clearly targeted to 5-year-olds might seem unjust, but the filmmakers go about their business in such a lazy fashion that the viewer can't help but feel irritated by the whole ordeal.
BAD Being an effective virtual babysitter isn't the NOT_same as NOT_being a NOT_satisfying entertainment.
BAD Resting on the laurels of its namesake, Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return suffers from lackluster storytelling, TV-quality animation and haphazard music, all of which don't NOT_hold a candle to the NOT_many Oz tales that NOT_have NOT_come NOT_before it.
BAD Wasting a voice cast populated with recognisable names, this attempt to cash in on nostalgia for its source material evokes more bewilderment and boredom than excitement or wistful reminiscence.
BAD That it scored a few actual names [...] gives it the veneer of class, but it was designed to fool kids and their gullible parents, yet make everyone who sees it sad.
FAIR Oz has its moments, even to this day.
BAD "Aside from giving some very talented people so little to work with, perhaps the film's biggest crimes are its crimes against cinema and literature."
BAD A glorified 90-minute distraction for kids - not an NOT_enchanting and memorable addition to the Wizard of Oz movie pantheon.
FAIR Kids will like well-intentioned sequel, but it lacks magic.
BAD It's short on jokes and hampered by unmemorable musical numbers (including one about building a boat), and the film's niceness can't overcome the dopey tedium.
BAD Dorothy's return doesn't NOT_give you NOT_much of a return for the time invested.
BAD The best children's films have a tendency to both traumatize and amaze, but Legends Of Oz does neither.
BAD This is one of those movies that parents will have to ask themselves if they love their child enough to sit through it.
BAD It sounds more like a threat than a promise.
FAIR Ironic detachment and pop culturing pandering are mercifully absent.In their place is a disarming, welcome sincerity.
BAD ...strictly for the little ones, although serious students of computer animation may want to take a look as well.
BAD It's a little shocking how leaden the jokes are in this movie.
BAD Unfortunately, the computer-animated Legends of Oz can be charitably described as a pastiche; a better word might be mishmash.
BAD Delivered with all the vivid, impeccably detailed digital animation one usually sees in non-Pixar offerings of the late 1990s or daytime TV ads for The General auto insurance.
BAD With dubious scruples, and much Broadway-style caterwauling, the film imagines what The Wizard of Oz would look like with a should-have-gone-straight-to-video chimney on her.
BAD Devoid of the visual magic and heartfelt emotion of the original film, this version of Oz and Dorothy 2.0 feel like the cheaply made knockoffs you find in a dollar store: garishly shiny, flimsy and not NOT_built to last.
BAD Joyless, witless, and even a tad heartless
BAD "Legends of Oz" feels like the opposite of the original film.Underneath its aggressive distractions and dim ideas, it has no heart.
BAD The enterprise, while gently reverent, looks and feels as shaky as it sounds, tonally as flat as Kansas farmland.
BAD There are songs, by a motley crew of tunesmiths who include Bryan Adams, but except for a showstopper tailor-made for Short, they don't NOT_make NOT_much of an impact.Ditto for the script ...
FAIR Directors Will Finn and Dan St. Pierre create an animated musical rooted in the classic tale with wonderful, colorful and detailed settings, and a story that is gentle and sweet.
BAD The merry old land of Oz ceases being so merry in the cheaply animated, generically written Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return.
BAD "Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return" lacks any sense of magic.These won't NOT_be songs NOT_you'll NOT_find yourself NOT_singing NOT_over and over after you've left the theater or a movie you'll be watching again and again.Once is enough.
BAD [A] crass, cheap, hack-job cash-grab.
BAD Mostly, the film reaffirms how hard it is to make a movie as unforgettable and enduring as "The Wizard of Oz." Good chance you'll forget this one on the way home from the theater.
BAD Animated in form but completely listless in content.
GOOD "(The) good news is that the film is a flawed but still very enjoyable flight of fancy."
GOOD A rich treat for the eye and soul alike.
FAIR It's being billed as Hayao Miyazaki's last film.He can't leave us this way.
GOOD For what he has said will be his final film, animation maestro Hayao Miyazaki tackles a controversial biopic that could just as easily have been shot in live action.
GOOD The story has much in common with that of The First of the Few, Leslie Howard's 1942 stiff-upper-lip biopic of RK Mitchell, designer of the Supermarine Spitfire.But there is magic here.
GOOD It is a film with the elegant sweep of a David Lean epic as it unfolds in Japan between the wars.
GOOD There is a wonderful gentleness and intelligent idealism to this animation by 73-year-old Hayao Miyazaki ...
FAIR Ultimately, Miyazaki fails to hold the responsibility-shy Horikisho to account...and suggest he has his head hidden in the clouds as much as the young aerial inventor.
GOOD The desecration of beautiful dreams is a ghost always lurking.
GOOD Laced with poignancy and portent, Miyazaki's epic is an elegy for lost dreams - and a farewell befitting an animation master.
GOOD While Miyazaki's two-hour-long, historical-melodrama swansong is destined to be his most divisive film yet, it is also his most adult and interesting, and never NOT_less than NOT_visually NOT_breathtaking throughout.
FAIR Gorgeously evocative visuals, lots about Horikoshi's devoted wife, but a marked reluctance to engage too deeply with the deadly purpose of his beautiful aircraft.
GOOD The brilliant Wind Rises is another Miyazaki masterpiece - evidently his last.He couldn't have picked a more perfect way to sign off.
GOOD Few directors would dare to put the dilemmas inherent in military aircraft design to the fore, but Miyazaki's film deals sensitively with the notion that good work may be used for bad ends.
GOOD mature, romantic, grand storytelling
GOOD The film is one of the most rapturously beautiful that Miyazaki has made, and all the more unsettling because of it.
GOOD Possibly Miyazaki can relate to Horikoshi's dilemma.He is both technician and artist, engineer and dreamer, and he works in a field -- cinema -- that too often promotes violence as a shortcut to a solution rather than as a last resort.
BAD Hardcore fans of legendary Japanese anime maestro Hayao Miyazaki are likely to be the only ones to put much stock in the director's final film.
FAIR An engineer pursues his dreams in Miyazaki's latest (and hopefully not NOT_last)
GOOD "The Wind Rises," nominated for an Academy Award as best animated feature, is a visual delight, with bright pastoral colors, clouds that float like ballerinas and clear, blue skies that envelop you.
GOOD The Wind Rises becomes all the more engrossing in its final act, where the refined beauty of Horikoshi's designs is exploited by a Japanese military at the start of World War II.
FAIR Clearly, The Wind Rises isn't a film about war but a valentine to the creative spirit.
GOOD The film doesn't NOT_take the NOT_obvious NOT_moralistic steps that could NOT_avert backlash - it's NOT_pure Miyazaki, a perspective NOT_influenced by history and reflective of a 50-year career.
BAD There are more boring movies than this one.There aren't many more disingenuous.
GOOD The Wind Rises has the sweep and majesty of a Technicolor Hollywood classic.
FAIR Even if it doesn't NOT_quite NOT_capture the magic of some of his NOT_earlier films, The Wind Rises NOT_feels like one of Miyazaki's NOT_more NOT_personal films.
GOOD The Wind Rises is a frequently remarkable film -- easily the best animated film of 2013 and fully of deserving its Oscar Nomination.
BAD 'The Wind Rises' is akin to sitting through an unbearably long flight in which the view can only be appreciated so much ...
GOOD In terms of tone, visual beauty, and storytelling, The Wind Rises represents Miyazaki at the apex of his abilities.
GOOD Miyazaki successfully immerses us in an analog world where the human hand -- not a machine -- bridges the gap between the imagination and the mechanical reality.
GOOD Lovely, contemplative tale of famed aeronautical engineer.
FAIR The movie looks great, with a moody use of shadows and darkness and dreary, lowdown locations.
BAD A stale adaptation of the classic Frank Miller comic.The film drowns in bad voice work and lacks the visual nuances found in the original story.
FAIR Batman: Year One adapts Frank Miller's tale with excellent animation and first-rate voice work from a talented cast, finding a nice balance between human moments and exciting action sequences.
GOOD Six stunningly animated fairy tales with a few mild scares
FAIR It is so gentle and whimsical that one wonders if American children, accustomed to the whiz-bang action of most animation, will accept it.
FAIR Six mostly engaging fairy tales are digitally rendered with silhouetted characters performing in front of vivid, colorful backgrounds.
FAIR Has ... eye-bending backgrounds but a creatively monochromatic foreground that comes to feel like a limitation.
FAIR The kaleidoscopic backgrounds offer a colorful counterpoint to the simple silhouettes that form the people, animals, and mythical beasts populating the six fables, each of which end with a ironic twist.
GOOD More likely to play well with older children, due to its split-up story line, Ocelot's creation is like nothing else they are likely to see animating the multiplex.
FAIR The narratives - involving princesses, sorcerers, dragons, talking animals - are familiar.But Mr. Ocelot invigorates them with lyricism ...
FAIR The film feels naive for an audience that's ready for some harder truths.
FAIR The recent cartoons of Michel Ocelot cleverly advance Lotte Reiniger's prototypical stop-motion technique into the digital age.
FAIR It's sweet but earthbound.
FAIR Tales Of The Night may be computer-animated, but its style is antique.
FAIR It's charming enough and the soundtrack has obviously been put together with care.
FAIR The pick-and-mix approach is limiting, but there's no NOT_denying these NOT_are NOT_gorgeous NOT_amuse-bouches, NOT_likely to NOT_be NOT_devoured by older, NOT_more NOT_discerning children and dyed-in-the-wool stoners alike.
FAIR The six folk-like tales featuring dragons, witch doctors and a talking horse have a whimsical charm and are beautifully designed but - watched all at once - may leave younger children fidgeting.
GOOD A uniquely joyful experience from a true original.
BAD While the youngsters to whom the stories are aimed won't NOT_take NOT_long to NOT_get the fidgets, NOT_older viewers will NOT_undoubtedly NOT_appreciate the scenery a NOT_tad NOT_longer before NOT_joining them.
FAIR While some of them do drag, older kids could well fall for these magical, timeless tales.
GOOD Michel Ocelot's ravishing animation and magical storytelling is a delight from start to finish.
GOOD Shot through with romance and glimpses of the kind of silly humour that made A Town Called Panic (2009) so popular, children and adults should be kept quite happy by this solid, intelligent family film.
GOOD Com uma fabulosa direcao de arte, uma animacao expressiva e temas complexos, o filme representa um estimulo visual, intelectual e emocional intenso, resultando numa experiencia fascinante.
BAD One of the most beautiful animated films ever produced.
GOOD Metropolis se veut une %u0153uvre impressionnante, a la hauteur des noms qui lui sont rattaches.
FAIR Doubling up on the imagery makes for an interesting, though ultimately somewhat unfulfilling, experience.
GOOD One of the most important animated films ever made.
GOOD One of the best animated films I have ever seen, and it is one of the finest films released in the US last year.
GOOD In the end, the story doesn't NOT_really NOT_matter that NOT_much as this NOT_is NOT_really a vehicle for the NOT_amazing visuals.
FAIR If you are a fan of animation you'll want to watch it more than once.
FAIR For something as splendid-looking as this particular film, the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash.
GOOD ...a haunting vision, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations.
FAIR A visionary marvel, but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this.
GOOD With elements cribbed from Lang's Metropolis, Welles' Kane, and Eisenstein's Potemkin, the true wonder of Rintaro's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own.
FAIR The movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime, and the fanatical excess built into it.
FAIR There's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles.
FAIR The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.
GOOD One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie.
BAD The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification, superficiality and silliness.
FAIR Unlike most anime, whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never NOT_seems NOT_hopelessly juvenile.
FAIR Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
GOOD A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliche of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage.
GOOD Has an almost stupefyingly intense visual impact.
GOOD A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.
FAIR Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always a beauty to behold.
FAIR Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative.Still, as a visual treat, the film is almost unsurpassed.
FAIR The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
FAIR Each frame of Metropolis is steeped in Tezuka's delectably strange retro-future vision.
BAD The dialogue is dubbed into English by generic actors, whose phony, emotionless rendition undermines what's on the screen.
GOOD A fantastic, but more intense Muppet adventure.
FAIR An extraordinary, often mesmerizing achievement of design and performance that's held back by an underdeveloped script and a milquetoast leading character.
FAIR Points to the Henson team for trying to broaden the scope of their creatures -- and there's little denying that this particular flick still seems to hold up pretty darn well.
BAD Os personagens sao bem realizados e animados, mas o roteiro, alem de plagiar O Senhor dos Aneis, e burocratico e pouco envolvente.
FAIR This ersatz Tolkien with puppets looks and plays like ersatz Tolkien with puppets.
FAIR You have to love a fantasy whose greatest peril is the Bog of Eternal Stench.
BAD The screenplay by David Odell, based on a story by Mr. Henson, is without any narrative drive whatever.It's without charm as well as interest.
FAIR Ponderous, yet unique and strangely charming.
GOOD A leap into the darker side of Jim Henson's imagination, a wonderful movie.
FAIR One of Henson's shining moments in modern-day cinema
FAIR It's a story as old as time redone in books and films over and over again.But this one's got the one-of-a-kind Henson vision and style.
FAIR A bittersweet spectacle.
GOOD This is a special gem of a movie.
FAIR Imaginative steampunk musical is too dark for little kids.
FAIR Rich with imagination and a pure pleasure to watch.
BAD Eccentric with some striking design touches, but humorless and heartless
FAIR The film is at once enabled and hindered by its utter strangeness, an intrinsic quality surely exacerbated in its English-language release.
GOOD A beautiful fantasy adventure that might change a few minds about the power and importance of these childhood fantasy characters.
FAIR DreamWorks' newest picture is definitely one for the kids, but director Peter Ramsey makes it fun enough to put a smile on parents' faces.
FAIR An entertaining experience, whether you see it in 3-D or 2-D, 'Rise of the Guardians' is an enjoyable adventure for all ages.
BAD Alas, a sweet heart and a tender message aren't enough to save Rise of the Guardians from its overly sugary ways.
GOOD In one of the best, brightest, most beautifully realised and visually sumptuous tentpole animation films of the year...an absolute joy to behold, as lovingly made a piece of corporate entertainment as you're likely to find at the multiplex.
FAIR Delivers an entertaining twist on the fabricated mascots that kids will enjoy.
FAIR Whatever its agenda might (or might not) be, Rise of the Guardians is a surprisingly rousing tale with a story that resonates easily, if not deeply.
FAIR Rise of the Guardians is both reasonably quirky and mildly serious.It wants children to believe there's more to animation than fast food tie-ins.
GOOD This lovely fantasy has been brought to beautiful 3D life by Peter Ramsey, the visual effects are really something.
FAIR More exhausting than exciting, but there are enough amusing gags to prevent on-the-fence viewers -- and critics -- from going full Scrooge on the final product.
BAD While the concept is novel - and the animation often dazzling - the story and characterisations soon prove trite, condescending and dull.
FAIR An unusual 3D tale about a playful free spirit who is thrilled to become a Guardian who watches over children.
BAD Less-than-compelling storyline.
GOOD Rise of the Guardians is kind of like The Avengers, except that instead of superheroes, the characters are people your parents lied to you about when you were a kid.It could become a perennial family favorite.
FAIR A visual feast and a serious miscalculation: The movie tells us that if kids don't NOT_get toys and colored eggs, they stop believing, and Christmas and Easter die.
BAD Turning the Easter Bunny into a boomerang-wielding warrior voiced by Hugh Jackman isn't the NOT_worst idea.Sidelining Christmas in a Christmas film, however, just might be.
FAIR Like a treasure hidden in plain sight, this is one film that will no doubt NOT_be NOT_cherished by children and adults who are fortunate enough to recognize its enchanting glimmer.
BAD Rise of the Guardians is harmless enough, and the lack of easy pop-culture jokes represents the post-Shrek direction of DreamWorks well enough.But this is the studio's least entertaining film.
GOOD A family film full of wonder, originality and good-heartedness.
GOOD The years most entertaining animation.
GOOD To fully enjoy this you will have to leave your cynicism at the door and embrace your inner child.But that inner child - and any child for that matter - will be touched by the story and impressed by the action.
GOOD Destined to become definitive holiday entertainment for all the family.
FAIR This version of Christmas does look a little like that found in the windows of upmarket department stores, but it is undeniably seductive and comforting.
FAIR Will touch the hearts of anyone-of any age-who can reconnect with the magical childlike power of believing.
GOOD Vividly colourful details in the animation and script bring mythical characters to life in ways that are thoroughly engaging as this riotous action-comedy soars through its epic story.
GOOD Pixar clearly still have the edge when it comes to organic storytelling, but if Dreamworks' latest effort is anything to go by then visually at least the playing field has been levelled.
BAD It takes a unique film to make Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy seem dreary or even unappealing.
GOOD Despite some formulaic trappings of the genre, it's thankfully more of a win in their column.
FAIR A true surprise.
FAIR A candy cane of a kids' flick which supplies a genuine sense of seasonal cheer.
BAD Compare this moderate entertainment to, say, Monsters, Inc., and it really looks feeble.
BAD Here is another kitschy kiddy fantasy about Father Christmas, witless, gaudy and hyperkinetic.
BAD Deplorable.
FAIR A good animated family film but doesn't NOT_have what it NOT_takes to NOT_be a NOT_huge success.
FAIR It's perfectly pleasant, just not NOT_charming or funny enough for a classic Christmas film.
GOOD Practically embracing the commercialism of childhood and clearly made with one eye on the franchise, it's arguably the least hypocritical holiday flick of the modern age.
GOOD Beautifully animated and sharply written, this is an engaging, enjoyable and frequently funny family adventure with terrific performances from a superb voice cast.
BAD Cartoons from the DreamWorks stable always feel rather calculated and overcooked - and Rise Of The Guardians is no different.
GOOD Constantly entertaining, cleverly written, enthusiastically played and with a distinct and very appealing look.
FAIR The musty story is at least somewhat compensated for by the iconic figures involved.
BAD It's not that the film NOT_says, NOT_explicitly, 'science is bad and girls shouldn't NOT_be NOT_scientists'.It is much odder than that.
FAIR A few tense scenes add drama to family and friendship tale.
FAIR The artwork and backgrounds are so wonderful you could care less whether it's fairies onscreen or bullfrogs.
BAD Silly and glittery, with bog-standard animation, but efficient entertainment for the tweenie demographic.
FAIR The animation is crisp, if a touch generic, the voice cast convincing and the story wholesome without cloying too much.
FAIR Normal paint-and-brush animation.Normal Hollywood fairies, looking like Barbie and sounding like Valley High school graduates.
GOOD Live action/animated tale will amuse cartoon fans.
BAD Perfect fare for a 5-year-old on an Apple Jacks sugar high, but scarcely NOT_tolerable for anyone NOT_moving toward the Raisin Bran end of the NOT_aging spectrum.
FAIR Merece elogios por seu humor auto-referencial e, principalmente, por resgatar a insanidade das animacoes originais (ao contrario do fraco Space Jam).
FAIR ...neither offensive nor inspiring.It's undoubtedly fun for kids, but except for its occasional in-jokes there isn't all that NOT_much to NOT_excite the NOT_funny bone of an adult.
BAD Bursts with energy but not NOT_inspiration.
BAD Joe Dante & Warner Brothers destroy more of our childhood memories.
GOOD For anyone reared on the stuff, Looney Tunes: Back in Action is sweet anarchy.
GOOD It's the cleverest mix of animation and live action since Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
BAD ..far too much importance is placed on the live action characters, who in contrast look like they should be spectators at a who's-who reunion of animated superstars.
BAD Falls back on movie in-jokes that are often unfunny, while the amusing spoofs are irrelevant because they're not NOT_even Warner Bros films!
BAD This isn't an NOT_imaginative rebellion against the NOT_physical world like the NOT_old cartoons; it's the anarchy of animation, which NOT_isn't NOT_nearly as fun.
BAD Jenna Elfman needs to be in more movies and Brendan Fraiser, who should have gotten an Oscar for at least two movies I can think of, is underused even though he's in most of the scenes.
GOOD Dante revives the possibilities of widescreen humor ... literally leapfrogging across time and the cosmos to achieve profundity through expertly controlled chaos.
FAIR Ultimately, kids will enjoy it, even if they don't NOT_get some of the inside jokes, but it somehow lacks the edge of the short cartoons.
BAD The satire becomes unfocused without a driving force behind it, and the adventure is the stuff of which so many movies have touched upon before.
FAIR Robert Zemeckis isn't a Hal Walker, but Joe Dante's right up there with Tashlin, Avery, and Jones.
FAIR Much of the movie magic fades during the stilted cartoon-human relations.
FAIR As the Tasmanian Devil would move were he mainlining caffeine, so does this blend of live-action and animation.It's sweet and subversive, just like Looney Tunes should be.
FAIR Not for the NOT_uninitiated, but within its own established universe, it's as logical as a Pepe Le Pew fragrance line.
BAD While the affection for the originals is really refreshing, Looney Tunes: Back in Action still stumbles over some formidable hurdles.
FAIR I take issue with the whole concept of humans interacting with these characters.
BAD Dante favors the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach to this Warner Bros. nostalgia trip when funny-and-affectionate would have worked better.
FAIR Dante's much more confident in this combined world of animation and live-action than we saw in the interesting but uneven Small Soldiers.
GOOD It's flat-out comedy all the way, head-spinningly clever (you'll be talking about a sequence set in the Louvre for weeks) and always engaging.
GOOD OK...are y